<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161122_10-K_edgar_data_356309_0000356309-16-000283_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>23699504</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>445525</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>2812536</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>7861310</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>9284310</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2821844</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>152</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000356309-16-000283.hdr.sgml : 20161122
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161122154829
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000356309-16-000283
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		138
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161122
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161122

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			NEW JERSEY RESOURCES CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000356309
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	NATURAL GAS DISTRIBUTION [4924]
		IRS NUMBER:				222376465
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NJ
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0930

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-08359
		FILM NUMBER:		162013174

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1415 WYCKOFF RD
		STREET 2:		PO BOX 1468
		CITY:			WALL
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			07719
		BUSINESS PHONE:		7329381000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1415 WYCKOFF ROAD
		STREET 2:		P O BOX 1468
		CITY:			WALL
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			07719

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000356309-16-000283.txt : 20161122

10-K
 1
 njr10ksep2016.htm
 10-K SEPTEMBER 30, 2016

Document 

UNITED STATES 
  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
  Washington, D.C. 20549 
    
  FORM 10 K 
    
  x   ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE 
  SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
    
  FOR THE FISCAL YEAR ENDED   SEPTEMBER 30, 2016 
  OR 
  o   TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE 
  SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
                   FOR THE TRANSITION PERIOD FROM             TO              
      Commission file number 001 08359 
      NEW JERSEY RESOURCES CORPORATION 
      (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
      New Jersey 
      
    22 2376465 
      (State or other jurisdiction of 
  incorporation or organization) 
      
    (I.R.S. Employer 
  Identification Number) 

1415 Wyckoff Road, Wall, New Jersey 07719 
      
    732 938 1480 
      (Address of principal 
  executive offices) 
      
    (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
      Securities registered pursuant to Section 12 (b) of the Act: 
      Common Stock   $2.50 Par Value 
      
    New York Stock Exchange 
      (Title of each class) 
      
    (Name of each exchange on which registered) 
      Securities registered pursuant to Section 12 (g) of the Act: 
  None 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. 
  Yes:   x              No:   o 
    
  Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. 
  Yes:   o                No:   x 
    
  Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15 (d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. 
  Yes:   x              No:   o 
    
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). 
  Yes:   x              No:   o 
    
  Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S K is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best of the Registrant s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K.      x 
    
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer or a smaller reporting company. See definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer,  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b 2 of the Exchange Act. 
                     Large accelerated filer:     x 
    Accelerated filer:     o 
    Non-accelerated filer:   o 
    Smaller reporting company  :   o 

(Do not check if a smaller reporting company) 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). 
  Yes:   o              No:   x 
    
  The aggregate market value of the Registrant s Common Stock held by non-affiliates was   $3,076,176,850   based on the closing price of   $36.43   per share on   March 31, 2016  , as reported on the New York Stock Exchange. 
    
  The number of shares outstanding of $2.50 par value Common Stock as of   November 18, 2016   was   86,102,514  . 
    
  DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
    
  Portions of the Registrant s definitive Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of Shareowners (Proxy Statement) to be held on   January 25, 2017  , are incorporated by reference into Part I and Part III of this report. 

New Jersey Resources Corporation 
    
  TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 
       Glossary of Terms  
    1 
       Information Concerning Forward-Looking Statements  
    3 
      PART I 

ITEM 1. 
     Business  
    4 

Organizational Structure  
    4 

Business Segments  
    5 

Natural Gas Distribution  
    7 

Clean Energy Ventures  
    10 

Energy Services  
    11 

Midstream  
    13 

Other Business Operations  
    13 

Home Services and Other  
    13 

Environment  
    14 

Employee Relations  
    14 
        
    ITEM 1A. 
     Risk Factors  
    15 
        
    ITEM 1B. 
     Unresolved Staff Comments  
    22 
        
    ITEM 2. 
     Properties  
    23 
        
    ITEM 3. 
     Legal Proceedings  
    24 
        
    ITEM 4. 
     Mine Safety Disclosures  
    25 
        
    ITEM 4A. 
     Executive Officers of the Company  
    25 
      PART II 

ITEM 5. 
     Market for the Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities  
    26 
        
    ITEM 6. 
     Selected Financial Data  
    27 
        
    ITEM 7. 
     Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  
    29 
        
    ITEM 7A. 
     Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk  
    65 
        
    ITEM 8. 
     Financial Statements and Supplementary Data  
    69 

Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting  
    69 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm  
    70 

Consolidated Financial Statements  
    72 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements  
    77 

Note   1.  Nature of the Business  
    77 

Note   2.  Summary of Significant Accounting Policies  
    77 

Note   3.  Regulation  
    87 

Note   4.  Derivative Instruments  
    93 

Note   5.  Fair Value  
    98 

Note   6.  Investments in Equity Investees  
    100 

Note   7.  Earnings Per Share  
    101 

Note   8.  Debt  
    101 

Note   9.  Stock-Based Compensation  
    105 

Note 10.  Employee Benefit Plans  
    108 

Note 11.  Asset Retirement Obligations  
    113 

Note 12.  Income Taxes  
    114 

Note 13.  Commitments and Contingent Liabilities  
    116 

Note 14.  Business Segment and Other Operations Data  
    118 

Note 15.  Related Party Transactions  
    120 

Note 16.  Selected Quarterly Financial Data (Unaudited)  
    121 
        
    ITEM 9. 
     Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure  
    122 
        
    ITEM 9A. 
     Controls and Procedures  
    122 
        
    ITEM 9B. 
     Other Information  
    122 
      PART III* 

ITEM 10. 
     Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance  
    123 
        
    ITEM 11. 
     Executive Compensation  
    123 
        
    ITEM 12. 
     Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters  
    123 
        
    ITEM 13. 
     Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Director Independence  
    123 
        
    ITEM 14. 
     Principal Accountant Fees and Services  
    123 
      PART IV 

ITEM 15. 
     Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules  
    124 

Index to Financial Statement Schedules  
    125 

Signatures  
    127 

Exhibit Index  
    128 
      *  Portions of Item 10 and Items 11-14 are Incorporated by Reference from the Proxy Statement. 

i 

New Jersey Resources Corporation 

GLOSSARY OF KEY TERMS                                                                                                                                                         
                 AFUDC 
    Allowance for Funds Used During Construction 
      AOCI 
    Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income 
      ARO 
    Asset Retirement Obligations 
      ASC 
    Accounting Standards Codification 
      ASU 
    Accounting Standards Update 
      Bcf 
    Billion Cubic Feet 
      BGSS 
    Basic Gas Supply Service 
      BPU 
    New Jersey Board of Public Utilities 
      CAA 
    Consolidated Appropriations Act 
      CIP 
    Conservation Incentive Program 
      CME 
    Chicago Mercantile Exchange 
      CR R 
    Commercial Realty   Resources Corp. 
      CWIP 
    Construction Work In Progress 
      Degree-Day 
    The measure of the variation in the weather based on the extent to which the average daily temperature falls below 65 degrees Fahrenheit 
      DM 
    Dominion Midstream Partners, L.P., a master limited partnership 
      DM Common Units 
    Common units representing limited partnership interests in DM 
      Dodd-Frank Act 
    Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act 
      DRP 
    NJR Direct Stock Purchase and Dividend Reinvestment Plan 
      Dths 
    Dekatherms 
      EDA 
    New Jersey Economic Development Authority 
      EDA Bonds 
    Collectively, Series 2011A, Series 2011B and Series 2011C Bonds issued to NJNG by the EDA 
      EDECA 
    Electric Discount and Energy Competition Act 
      FASB 
    Financial Accounting Standards Board 
      FCM 
    Futures Commission Merchant 
      FERC 
    Federal Energy Regulatory Commission 
      Financial Margin 
    A non-GAAP financial measure, which represents revenues earned from the sale of natural gas less costs of natural gas sold including any transportation and storage costs, and excludes any accounting impact from the change in the fair value of certain derivative instruments 
      FMB 
    First Mortgage Bonds 
      FRM 
    Financial Risk Management 
      GAAP 
    Generally Accepted Accounting Principles of the United States 
      HCCTR 
    Health Care Cost Trend Rate 
      Home Services and Other 
    Home Services and Other Operations (formerly Retail and Other Operations) 
      ICE 
    Intercontinental Exchange 
      Iroquois 
    Iroquois Gas Transmission L.P. 
      IRS 
    Internal Revenue Service 
      ISDA 
    The International Swaps and Derivatives Association 
      ITC 
    Investment Tax Credit 
      LIBOR 
    London Inter-Bank Offered Rate 
      LNG 
    Liquefied Natural Gas 
      Loan Agreement 
    Loan Agreement between the EDA and NJNG 
      MetLife 
    Metropolitan Life Insurance Company 
      MetLife Facility 
    NJR s unsecured, uncommitted $100 million private placement shelf note agreement with MetLife, Inc., which expired in September 2016 
      MGP 
    Manufactured Gas Plant 
      MLP 
    Master limited partnership 
      Moody s 
    Moody s Investors Service, Inc. 
      Mortgage Indenture 
    The Amended and Restated Indenture of Mortgage, Deed of Trust and Security Agreement between NJNG and U.S. Bank National Association dated as of September 1, 2014 
      MW 
    Megawatts 
      MWh 
    Megawatt Hour 
      NAESB 
    The North American Energy Standards Board  
      NFE 
    Net Financial Earnings 
      NGV 
    Natural Gas Vehicles 
      NJ RISE 
    New Jersey Reinvestment in System Enhancement 

Page   1 

    New Jersey Resources Corporation 

GLOSSARY OF KEY TERMS (cont.)                                                                                                                                            

NJCEP 
    New Jersey s Clean Energy Program 
      NJDEP 
    New Jersey Department of Environmental Protection 
      NJNG 
    New Jersey Natural Gas Company 
      NJNG Credit Facility 
    The $250 million unsecured committed credit facility expiring in May 2019 
      NJR Credit Facility 
    NJR s $425 million unsecured committed credit facility expiring in September 2020 
      NJR Energy 
    NJR Energy Corporation 
      NJR or The Company 
    New Jersey Resources Corporation 
      NJRCEV 
    NJR Clean Energy Ventures Corporation 
      NJRES 
    NJR Energy Services Company 
      NJRHS 
    NJR Home Services Company 
      NJRPS 
    NJR Plumbing Services, Inc. 
      NJR Retail Holdings 
    NJR Retail Holdings Corporation 
      Non-GAAP 
    Not in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles of the United States 
      NPNS 
    Normal Purchase/Normal Sale 
      NYMEX 
    New York Mercantile Exchange 
      NYSE 
    New York Stock Exchange 
      O M 
    Operation and Maintenance 
      OCI 
    Other Comprehensive Income 
      Old Mortgage Indenture 
    Indenture of Mortgage and Deed of Trust between NJNG and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., dated April 1, 1952, as amended 
      OPEB 
    Other Postemployment Benefit Plans 
      PBO 
    Projected Benefit Obligations 
      PennEast 
    PennEast Pipeline Company, LLC 
      PEP 
    Pension Equalization Plan 
      PIM 
    Pipeline Integrity Management 
      PPA 
    Power Purchase Agreement 
      Prudential 
    Prudential Investment Management, Inc. 
      Prudential Facility 
    NJR s unsecured, uncommitted private placement shelf note agreement with Prudential 
      PTC 
    Production Tax Credit 
      RA 
    Remediation Adjustment 
      REC 
    Renewable Energy Certificate 
      S P 
    Standard   Poor s Financial Services, LLC 
      SAFE 
    Safety Acceleration and Facility Enhancement 
      Sarbanes-Oxley 
    Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
      SAVEGREEN 
    The SAVEGREEN Project  
      Savings Plan 
    Employees  Retirement Savings Plan 
      SBC 
    Societal Benefits Charge 
      SEC 
    Securities and Exchange Commission 
      SREC 
    Solar Renewable Energy Certificate 
      SRL 
    Southern Reliability Link 
      Steckman Ridge 
    Collectively, Steckman Ridge GP, LLC and Steckman Ridge, LP 
      Superstorm Sandy 
    Post-Tropical Cyclone Sandy 
      TEFA 
    Transitional Energy Facilities Assessment 
      Tetco 
    Texas Eastern Transmission 
      The Exchange Act 
    The Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended 
      Trustee 
    U.S. Bank National Association 
      TSR 
    Total Shareholder Return 
      U.S. 
    The United States of America 
      Union 
    International Brotherhood of Electrical Workers Local 1820 
      USF 
    Universal Service Fund 

Page   2 

New Jersey Resources Corporation 
    
  TABLE OF CONTENTS 

INFORMATION CONCERNING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS                                                                            
    
  Certain statements contained in this report, including, without limitation, statements as to management expectations, assumptions and beliefs presented in   Part I, Item 1. Business   and   Item 3. Legal Proceedings  , and in   Part II, Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations   and   Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk  , and in the notes to the financial statements are forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements can also be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology such as  anticipate,   estimate,   may,   could,   might,   intend,   expect,   believe,   will   plan  or  should  or comparable terminology and are made based upon management s current expectations, assumptions and beliefs as of this date concerning future developments and their potential effect on us. There can be no assurance that future developments will be in accordance with management s expectations, assumptions or beliefs, or that the effect of future developments on us will be those anticipated by management. 
    
  We caution readers that the expectations, assumptions and beliefs that form the basis for forward-looking statements regarding customer growth, customer usage, qualifications for ITCs, PTCs and SRECs, future rate case proceedings, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, capital requirements, future capital expenditures, market risk, effective tax rate and other matters for fiscal   2017   and thereafter include many factors that are beyond our ability to control or estimate precisely, such as estimates of future market conditions, the behavior of other market participants and changes in the debt and equity capital markets. The factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations, assumptions and beliefs include, but are not limited to, those discussed in   Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors  , as well as the following: 

weather and economic conditions; 
                
    demographic changes in NJR   s   service territory and their effect on NJR   s   customer growth; 
                
    volatility of natural gas and other commodity prices and their impact on NJNG customer usage, NJNG     s   BGSS   incentive programs, NJRES operations and on our risk management efforts; 
                
    changes in rating agency requirements and/or credit ratings and their effect on availability and cost of capital to our Company; 
                
    the impact of volatility in the credit markets on our access to capital; 
                
    the ability to comply with debt covenants; 
                
    the impact to the asset values and resulting higher costs and funding obligations of our pension and postemployment benefit plans as a result of potential downturns in the financial markets, lower discount rates, revised actuarial assumptions or impacts associated with the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act; 
                
    accounting effects and other risks associated with hedging activities and use of derivatives contracts; 
                
    commercial and wholesale credit risks, including the availability of creditworthy customers and counterparties, and liquidity in the wholesale energy trading market; 
                
    the ability to obtain governmental and regulatory approvals, land-use rights, electric grid connection (in the case of clean energy projects) and/or financing for the construction, development and operation of our unregulated energy investments and NJNG     s infrastructure projects in a timely manner; 
                
    risks associated with the management of our joint ventures and partnerships, and investment in a master limited partnership; 
                
    risks associated with our investments in clean energy projects,   including the availability of regulatory and tax incentives, the availability of viable projects, our eligibility for ITCs and PTCs, the future market for SRECs and electricity prices, and operational risks related to projects in service; 
                
    timing of qualifying for ITCs and PTCs due to delays or failures to complete planned solar and wind energy projects and the resulting effect on our effective tax rate and earnings; 
                
    the level and rate at which NJNG     s costs and expenses are incurred and the extent to which they are allowed to be recovered from customers through the regulatory process, including through future base rate case filings; 
                
    access to adequate supplies of natural gas and dependence on third-party storage and transportation facilities for natural gas supply; 
                
    operating risks incidental to handling, storing, transporting and providing customers with natural gas; 
                
    risks related to our employee workforce; 
                
    the regulatory and pricing policies of federal and state regulatory agencies; 
                
    the costs of compliance with present and future environmental laws, including potential climate change-related legislation; 
                
    the impact of a disallowance of recovery of environmental-related expenditures and other regulatory changes;  
                
    environmental-related and other litigation and other uncertainties; 
                
    risks related to cyber-attack or failure of information technology systems; and 
                
    the impact of natural disasters, terrorist activities and other extreme events on our operations and customers  . 
       
  While we periodically reassess material trends and uncertainties affecting our results of operations and financial condition in connection with the preparation of management     s discussion and analysis of results of operations and financial condition contained in our Quarterly and Annual Reports on Form 10-Q and Form 10-K, respectively, we do not, by including this statement, assume any obligation to review or revise any particular forward-looking statement referenced herein in light of future events. 
  
   Page   3 

New Jersey Resources Corporation 
  Part I 

ITEM 1. BUSINESS                                                                                                                                                                          

ORGANIZATIONAL STRUCTURE 
    
  New Jersey Resources Corporation   is a New Jersey corporation formed in 1981 pursuant to a corporate reorganization. The Company is an energy services holding company whose principal business is the distribution of natural gas through a regulated utility, which provides other retail and wholesale energy services to customers and invests in clean energy projects and midstream assets. The Company is an exempt holding company under section 1263 of the Energy Policy Act of 2005. NJR s subsidiaries and businesses include: 
    
  New Jersey Natural Gas Company  , a local natural gas distribution company that provides regulated retail natural gas service to approximately   521,200   residential and commercial customers in central and northern New Jersey and participates in the off-system sales and capacity release markets. NJNG is regulated by the BPU and comprises the Company     s Natural Gas Distribution segment. 
    
  NJR Clean Energy Ventures Corporation   comprises the Company s Clean Energy Ventures segment and includes the results of operations and assets related to the Company s unregulated capital investments in clean energy projects, including commercial and residential solar projects and onshore wind investments. 
    
  NJR Energy Services Company   maintains and transacts around a portfolio of physical assets consisting of natural gas storage and transportation contracts   in the U.S. and Canada  . NJRES also provides unregulated wholesale energy management services to other energy companies and natural gas producers. NJRES comprises the Company     s Energy Services segment. 
    
  NJR Energy Investments Corporation  , an unregulated affiliate that consolidates the Company s unregulated energy-related investments, which includes the following subsidiaries: 

NJR Midstream Holdings Corporation   invests in energy-related ventures through its subsidiaries, NJR Steckman Ridge Storage Company, which holds the Company     s   50 percent   combined interest in Steckman Ridge, a natural gas storage facility, NJR Pipeline Company, which holds the Company     s   20 percent   ownership interest in PennEast and   NJNR Pipeline Company, which holds approximately   1.84 million   DM Common Units in Dominion Midstream Partners, L.P. The investments in   Steckman Ridge, PennEast and DM comprise the Company     s Midstream segment. 

NJR Investment Company  , a company that held certain energy-related investments through equity instruments of public companies. Due to inactivity, all assets were moved to NJR in September 2015, and the company was dissolved on January 5, 2016. 
       
  NJR Retail Holdings Corporation  , an unregulated affiliate that consolidates the Company s unregulated retail operations. NJR Retail Holdings consists of the following subsidiaries: 

NJR Home Services Company  , a company that provides heating, ventilation and cooling service,   sales and installation of appliances   to   114,000   service contract customers, as well as solar installation projects. 

Commercial Realty   Resources Corp.  , a company that holds commercial real estate. 

NJR Plumbing Services, Inc.  , a company that provides plumbing repair and installation services. 

NJR Energy Corporation  , a company that invested in energy-related ventures. A request for dissolution was filed in March 2016. 
       
  NJR Service Corporation  , an unregulated company that provides shared administrative services, including corporate communications, finance and accounting, internal audit, legal, human resources and information technology for NJR and all of its subsidiaries. 

Page   4 

New Jersey Resources Corporation 
  Part I 
    
  ITEM 1. BUSINESS (Continued)                                                                                                                                                        

BUSINESS SEGMENTS 
    
  The Company operates within four reportable business segments: Natural Gas Distribution, Clean Energy Ventures, Energy Services and Midstream. 
    
  The Natural Gas Distribution segment consists of regulated natural gas services, off-system sales, capacity and storage management operations. The Energy Services segment consists of unregulated wholesale energy operations. The Clean Energy Ventures segment consists of capital investments in clean energy projects. The Midstream segment consists of investments in the midstream natural gas market, such as natural gas transportation and storage facilities. 
    
  Net income by business segment and other operations for the years ended September 30, are as follows: 
  
  Assets by business segment and other operations at September 30, are as follows   ($ in Thousands)  : 

Page   5 

    New Jersey Resources Corporation 
  Part I 
    
  ITEM 1. BUSINESS (Continued)                                                                                                                                                        

Management of the Company uses NFE, a non-GAAP financial measure, when evaluating the operating results of the Company.  NFE is a measure of the earnings based on eliminating timing differences surrounding the recognition of certain gains or losses to effectively match the earnings effects of the economic hedges with the physical sale of gas and, therefore, eliminates the impact of volatility to GAAP earnings associated with the derivative instruments.   NJRES   economically hedges its natural gas inventory with financial derivative instruments. 
    
  Non-GAAP financial measures are not in accordance with, or an alternative to GAAP, and should be considered in addition to, and not as a substitute for, the comparable GAAP measure. The following is a reconciliation of consolidated net income, the most directly comparable GAAP measure, to NFE: 

NFE by business segment and other operations for the years ended September 30, are as follows: 
  
  Additional financial information related to these business segments are set forth in   Note 14. Business Segment and Other Operations Data   in the accompanying Consolidated Financial Statements and   Item 7. Management     s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 

Page   6 

New Jersey Resources Corporation 
  Part I 
    
  ITEM 1. BUSINESS (Continued)                                                                                                                                                        

Natural Gas Distribution 
    
  General 
    
  NJNG provides natural gas service to approximately   521,200   customers. NJNG s service territory includes New Jersey s Monmouth and Ocean counties and parts of Burlington, Morris and Middlesex counties. It encompasses   1,516   square miles, covering   105   municipalities with an estimated population of   1.5 million   people. It is primarily suburban, highlighted by approximately 100 miles of New Jersey coastline. It is in close proximity to New York City, Philadelphia and the metropolitan areas of northern New Jersey and is accessible through a network of major roadways and mass transportation. 
    
  NJNG added   8,170   and   7,858   new customers in   fiscal 2016   and   2015  , respectively, and added natural gas heat and other services to another   644   and   636   existing customers in   fiscal 2016   and   2015  , respectively. NJNG expects its new customer annual growth rate to continue to be approximately   1.6 percent   with projected additions in the range of approximately   24,000 to 27,000   new customers over the next three years. This anticipated customer growth represents approximately   $5 million   in new annual utility gross margin, a non-GAAP financial measure, as calculated under NJNG s CIP tariff. 
    
  When assessing the potential for future growth in its service area, NJNG uses information derived from county and municipal planning boards that describes housing developments in various stages of approval. Furthermore, NJNG surveys builders in its service area to gain insight into future development plans. NJNG has periodically engaged outside consultants to assist in its customer growth projections. In addition to customer growth through new construction, NJNG s business strategy includes aggressively pursuing conversions from other fuels, such as oil, electricity and propane. NJNG estimates that during fiscal   2017  , approximately   48 percent   of NJNG s projected customer growth will consist of conversions. 
    
  NJNG s business is subject to various risks, such as those associated with adverse economic conditions, which can negatively impact customer growth, operating and financing costs, fluctuations in commodity prices, which can impact customer usage, customer conservation efforts, certain regulatory actions and environmental remediation. It is often difficult to predict the impact of trends associated with these risks. NJNG employs strategies to manage the challenges it faces, including pursuing customer conversions from other fuel sources and monitoring new construction markets through contact with developers, utilizing incentive programs through BPU-approved mechanisms to reduce gas costs, pursuing rate and other regulatory strategies designed to stabilize and decouple gross margin, and working actively with consultants and the NJDEP to manage expectations related to its obligations associated with its former MGP sites. 
    
  Operating Revenues/Throughput 
    
  For the fiscal year ended September 30, operating revenues and throughput by customer class are as follows: 

In   fiscal 2016  , no single customer represented more than 10 percent of total operating revenues. 
  
   Page   7 

    New Jersey Resources Corporation 
  Part I 
    
  ITEM 1. BUSINESS (Continued)                                                                                                                                                        

Seasonality of Gas Revenues 
    
  Therm sales are significantly affected by weather conditions with customer demand being greatest during the winter months when natural gas is used for heating purposes. The relative measurement of the impact of weather is in degree-days. Degree-day data is used to estimate amounts of energy required to maintain comfortable indoor temperature levels based on each day s average temperature. A degree-day is the measure of the variation in the weather based on the extent to which the average daily temperature falls below 65 degrees Fahrenheit. Each degree of temperature below 65 degrees Fahrenheit is counted as one heating degree-day. Normal heating degree-days are based on a 20-year average, calculated based on three reference areas representative of NJNG s service territory. 
    
  The CIP, a mechanism authorized by the BPU, stabilizes NJNG s utility gross margin, regardless of variations in weather. In addition, the CIP decouples the link between utility gross margin and customer usage, allowing NJNG to promote energy conservation measures. Recovery of utility gross margin is subject to additional conditions, including an earnings test, a revenue test and an evaluation of BGSS-related savings achieved over a 12-month period. In   May 2014  , the BPU approved the continuation of the CIP program with no expiration date; however, the program will be subject to review in a future CIP rate filing in fiscal 2017. 
    
  Concurrent with its annual BGSS filing, NJNG files for an annual review of its CIP, during which time it can request rate changes, as appropriate. For additional information regarding the CIP, including rate actions and impact to margin, see   Note 3. Regulation   in the accompanying Consolidated Financial Statements and   Item 7. Management     s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations - Natural Gas Distribution Segment  . 
    
  Gas Supply 
    
  Firm Natural Gas Supplies 
    
  In   fiscal 2016  , NJNG purchased natural gas from approximately   80   suppliers under contracts ranging from one day to one year and purchased over 10 percent of its natural gas from   one   supplier. NJNG believes the loss of this supplier would not have a material adverse impact on its results of operations, financial position or cash flows as an adequate number of alternative suppliers exist. NJNG believes that its supply strategy should adequately meet its expected firm load over the next several years. 
    
  Firm Transportation and Storage Capacity 
    
  NJNG maintains agreements for firm transportation and storage capacity with several interstate pipeline companies to take delivery of firm natural gas supplies, which ensures the ability to reliably service its customers. NJNG receives natural gas at   10   citygate stations located in Middlesex, Morris and Passaic counties in New Jersey. 
    
  The pipeline companies that provide firm transportation service to NJNG s citygate stations, the maximum daily deliverability of that capacity for the upcoming winter season and the contract expiration dates are as follows: 

(1) 
    Numbers are shown net of any capacity release contracted amounts. 
       
  Iroquois and Dominion Transmission Corporation provide NJNG firm contract transportation service and supply the pipelines included in the table above. 

Page   8 

    New Jersey Resources Corporation 
  Part I 
    
  ITEM 1. BUSINESS (Continued)                                                                                                                                                        

In addition, NJNG has storage contracts that provide additional   102,941   Dths of maximum daily deliverability to NJNG s citygate stations from storage fields in its Northeast market area. The storage suppliers, the maximum daily deliverability of that storage capacity and the contract expiration dates are as follows: 

NJNG also has upstream storage contracts. The maximum daily deliverability and contract expiration dates are as follows: 

NJNG utilizes its transportation contracts to transport gas from the Dominion Transmission Corporation, Steckman Ridge and Central New York Oil   Gas storage fields to NJNG s citygates. NJNG has sufficient firm transportation, storage and supply capacity to fully meet its firm sales contract obligations. 
    
  Citygate Supplies from NJRES 
    
  NJNG has several citygate supply agreements with NJRES. NJNG and NJRES have an agreement where NJNG releases   10,000   Dths/day of Texas Eastern Transmission capacity,   2,200   Dths/day of Dominion Transmission capacity,   10,728   Dths/day of Tennessee Gas Pipeline capacity and   1.6 million   Dths of Central New York Oil   Gas storage capacity to NJRES for the period of   April 1, 2016   to   March 31, 2017  . NJNG can call upon a supply of up to   20,000   Dths/day delivered to NJNG s Texas Eastern citygate. NJRES manages the storage inventory and NJNG can call on that storage supply as needed at NJNG s Tennessee citygate or storage point. 
    
  NJNG also has agreements where it releases   80,000   Dths/day of its Texas Eastern Transmission capacity to NJRES for the period of   April 1, 2016   to   March 31, 2018  . Under these agreements, NJNG can call upon a supply of up to   80,000   Dths/day delivered to its Texas Eastern citygate as needed. See   Note 15. Related Party Transactions   in the accompanying Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information regarding these transactions. 
    
  Peaking Supply 
    
  To manage its winter peak day demand, NJNG maintains two LNG facilities with a combined deliverability of approximately   170,000   Dths/day, which represents approximately   19 percent   of its estimated peak day sendout. In June 2016, NJNG s liquefaction facility became operational and allows NJNG to convert natural gas into LNG to fill NJNG s existing LNG storage tanks. See   Item 2. Properties-Natural Gas Distribution Segment   for additional information regarding the LNG storage facilities. 
    
  BGSS 
    
  BGSS is a BPU-approved clause designed to allow for the recovery of natural gas commodity costs on an annual basis. The clause requires all New Jersey natural gas utilities to make an annual filing by each June 1 for review of BGSS rates and to request a potential rate change effective the following October 1. The BGSS is also designed to allow each natural gas utility to provisionally increase residential and small commercial customer BGSS rates on December 1 and February 1 for up to a five percent increase to the average residential heat customer s bill on a self-implementing basis, after proper notice and BPU action on the June filing. Such increases are subject to subsequent BPU review and final approval. Decreases in the BGSS rate and BGSS refunds can be implemented with five days  notice to the BPU. 
    
  In addition to making periodic rate adjustments to reflect changes in commodity prices, NJNG is also permitted to refund or credit back a portion of the commodity costs to customers when the natural gas commodity costs decrease in comparison to amounts projected or to amounts previously collected from customers. Rate changes, as well as other regulatory actions related to BGSS, are discussed further in   Note 3. Regulation   in the accompanying Consolidated Financial Statements. 

Page   9 

    New Jersey Resources Corporation 
  Part I 
    
  ITEM 1. BUSINESS (Continued)                                                                                                                                                        

Wholesale natural gas prices are, by their nature, volatile. NJNG mitigates the impact of volatile price changes on customers through the use of financial derivative instruments, which were part of its FRM program, its storage incentive program and its BGSS clause. The FRM program was terminated effective   November 1, 2015  .  
    
  Future Natural Gas Supplies 
    
  NJNG expects to meet the natural gas requirements for existing and projected firm customers into the foreseeable future. If NJNG s long-term natural gas requirements change, NJNG expects to renegotiate and restructure its contract portfolio to better match the changing needs of its customers and changing natural gas supply landscape. 
    
  Regulation and Rates 
    
  State 
    
  NJNG is subject to the jurisdiction of the BPU with respect to a wide range of matters such as base rates and regulatory rider rates, the issuance of securities, the adequacy of service, the manner of keeping its accounts and records, the sufficiency of natural gas supply, pipeline safety, environmental issues, compliance with affiliate standards and the sale or encumbrance of its properties. On   November 13, 2015  , NJNG filed a base rate petition with the BPU to increase its base rates in the amount of   $147.6 million  . On   July 20, 2016  , an update was filed to include twelve months of actual financial information, which revised the requested base rates increase to   $112.9 million  . On   September 23, 2016  , the BPU approved an increase to base rates in the amount of   $45 million  , effective   October 1, 2016  . 
    
  See   Note 3. Regulation   in the accompanying Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information regarding NJNG s rate proceedings. 
    
  Federal 
    
  FERC regulates rates charged by interstate pipeline companies for the transportation and storage of natural gas. This affects NJNG s agreements with several interstate pipeline companies for the purchase of such services. Costs associated with these services are currently recoverable through the BGSS. 
    
  Competition 
    
  Although its franchises are nonexclusive, NJNG is not currently subject to competition from other natural gas distribution utilities with regard to the transportation of natural gas in its service territory. Due to significant distances between NJNG s current large industrial customers and the nearest interstate natural gas pipelines, as well as the availability of its transportation tariff, NJNG currently does not believe it has significant exposure to the risk that its distribution system will be bypassed. Competition does exist from suppliers of oil, coal, electricity and propane. At the present time, however, natural gas is used in over 95 percent of new construction due to its efficiency, reliability and price advantage. Natural gas prices are a function of market supply and demand. Although NJNG believes natural gas will remain competitive with alternate fuels, no assurance can be given in this regard. 
    
  The BPU, within the framework of the EDECA, fully opened NJNG s residential markets to competition, including third-party suppliers, and restructured rates to segregate its BGSS and delivery (i.e., transportation) prices. New Jersey s natural gas utilities must provide BGSS in the absence of a third-party supplier. On   September 30, 2016  , NJNG had   36,292   residential and   10,316   commercial and industrial customers utilizing the transportation service. 

Clean Energy Ventures 
    
  NJRCEV is an unregulated company that invests in, owns and operates clean energy projects, including commercial and residential solar installations located in New Jersey, and wind farms located in Montana, Iowa, Kansas, Wyoming and Pennsylvania. 
    
  As of   September 30, 2016  , NJRCEV has constructed in New Jersey, a total of   149.7   MW of solar capacity that has qualified for ITCs, including a combination of residential and commercial net-metered and grid-connected solar systems. As part of its solar investment program, NJRCEV operates a residential lease program, The Sunlight Advantage , which provides qualifying homeowners with the opportunity to have a solar system installed at their home with no installation or maintenance expenses. NJRCEV owns, operates and maintains the system over the life of the lease in exchange for monthly lease payments. In addition, certain qualified non-profit institutions are served under PPAs. The program is operated by NJRCEV using qualified contracting  
  
   Page   10 

    New Jersey Resources Corporation 
  Part I 
    
  ITEM 1. BUSINESS (Continued)                                                                                                                                                        

partners in addition to strategic suppliers for material standardization and sourcing. The residential solar lease and PPA market is highly competitive with various companies operating in New Jersey. NJRCEV competes on price, quality and brand reputation, leveraging its partner network and customer referrals. 
    
  NJRCEV s commercial solar projects are sourced through various channels and include both net-metered and grid-connected systems. Net-metered projects involve the sale of energy to a host and grid-connected systems into the wholesale energy markets. Project construction is competitively sourced through third parties. New Jersey has the fourth largest solar market in the U.S. with a large number of firms competing in all facets of the market including development, financing and construction. 
    
  The solar systems are registered and certified with the BPU s Office of Clean Energy and qualified to produce SRECs. One SREC is created for every MWh of electricity produced by a solar generator. NJRCEV sells the SRECs it generates to a variety of counterparties including electric load serving entities that serve electric customers in New Jersey and are required to comply with the solar carve-out of the Renewable Portfolio Standard. Solar projects are also currently eligible for federal ITCs in the year that they are placed into service. 
    
  In addition to its solar investments, NJRCEV invests in small to mid-size onshore wind farms that fit its investment profile, including the following as of   September 30, 2016  : 

an   $84 million  ,   39.9   MW project in Somerset County, Pennsylvania that is currently under construction and is expected to be completed in the first quarter of fiscal 2017. 
       
  The wind projects are   eligible for   PTCs for a 10-year period following commencement of operations and have long-term PPAs of various terms in place, which typically govern the sale of energy, capacity and/or renewable energy credits. 
    
  NJRCEV is subject to various risks including those associated with adverse federal and state legislation and regulatory policies, construction delays that can impact the timing or eligibility of tax incentives, technological changes, and the future market of SRECs. See   Item 1A. Risk Factors   for additional information regarding these risks. 

Energy Services 
    
  NJRES is an unregulated wholesale provider of natural gas and also provides producer and asset management services to a diverse customer base across North America. NJRES has acquired contractual rights to natural gas storage and transportation assets it utilizes to implement its strategic and opportunistic market strategies. The rights to these assets were acquired in anticipation of delivering natural gas, performing asset management services for customers or in conjunction with identifying strategic opportunities that exist in or between the market areas that it serves. These opportunities are driven by price differentials between market locations and/or time periods. NJRES  activities are conducted in the market areas in which it has strong expertise, including the U.S. and Canada. NJRES differentiates itself in the marketplace based on price, reliability and quality of service. Its competitors include wholesale marketing and trading companies, utilities, natural gas producers and financial institutions. NJRES  portfolio of customers includes regulated natural gas distribution companies, industrial companies, electric generators, natural gas/liquids processors, retail aggregators, wholesale marketers and natural gas producers. 
    
  While focusing on maintaining a low-risk operating and counterparty credit profile, NJRES  activities specifically consist of the following elements: 

Providing natural gas portfolio management services to nonaffiliated and affiliated natural gas utilities, electric generation facilities and natural gas producers; 

Managing strategies for new and existing natural gas storage and transportation assets to capture value from changes in price due to location or timing differences as a means to generate financial margin (as defined below); 
     
   Page   11 

    New Jersey Resources Corporation 
  Part I 
    
  ITEM 1. BUSINESS (Continued)                                                                                                                                                        

Managing transactional logistics to minimize   the cost of natural gas delivery to customers while maintaining security of supply. Transactions utilize the most optimal and advantageous natural gas supply transportation routing available within its contractual asset portfolio and various market areas  ; and 

Managing economic hedging programs that are designed to mitigate the impact   of changes in market prices on financial margin generated on its natural gas storage and transportation commitments. 
       
  In   fiscal 2016  , NJRES purchased over 10 percent of its natural gas from   one   supplier. NJRES believes the loss of this supplier would not have a material adverse impact on its results of operations, financial position or cash flows as an adequate number of alternative suppliers exist. 
    
  Transportation and Storage Transactions 
    
  NJRES focuses on creating value from the use of its physical assets, which are typically amassed through contractual rights to natural gas storage and transportation capacity. These assets become more valuable when favorable price changes occur that impact the value between or within market areas and across time periods. On a forward basis, NJRES may hedge these price differentials through the use of financial instruments. In addition, NJRES may seek to optimize these assets on a daily basis, as market conditions warrant, by evaluating natural gas supply and transportation availability within its portfolio. This enables NJRES to capture geographic pricing differences across various regions as delivered natural gas prices may change favorably as a result of market conditions. NJRES may, for example, initiate positions when intrinsic financial margin is present, and then enhance that financial margin as prices change across regions or time periods. 
    
  NJRES also engages in park-and-loan transactions with storage and pipeline operators, where NJRES will either borrow (receive a loan of) natural gas with an obligation to repay the storage or pipeline operator at a later date or  park  natural gas with an obligation to withdraw at a later date. In these cases, NJRES evaluates the economics of the transaction to determine if it can capture pricing differentials in the marketplace and generate financial margin. NJRES evaluates deal attributes such as fixed fees, calendar spread value from deal inception until volumes are scheduled to be returned and/or repaid, as well as the time value of money. If this evaluation demonstrates that financial margin exists, NJRES may enter into the transaction and hedge with natural gas futures contracts, thereby locking in financial margin. 
    
  NJRES maintains inventory balances to satisfy existing or anticipated sales of natural gas to its counterparties and/or to create additional value, as described above. During   fiscal 2016   and   2015  , NJRES managed and sold   551.1   Bcf  and   626.9   Bcf of natural gas, respectively. In addition, as of   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , NJRES had   62   Bcf or   $130.5 million   of gas in storage and   44.6   Bcf or   $93.7 million   of gas in storage, respectively. 
    
  Weather/Seasonality 
    
  NJRES  activities are typically seasonal in nature as a result of changes in the supply and demand for natural gas. Demand for natural gas is generally higher during the winter months when there may also be supply constraints; however, during periods of milder temperatures, demand can decrease. In addition, demand for natural gas can also be high during periods of extreme heat in the summer months, resulting from the need for additional natural gas supply for gas-fired electric generation facilities. Accordingly, NJRES can be subject to variations in earnings and working capital throughout the year as a result of changes in weather. 
    
  Volatility 
    
  NJRES  activities are also subject to changes in price volatility or supply/demand dynamics within its wholesale markets, including in the Northeastern, Appalachian, West Coast and Mid-Continent regions. Changes in natural gas supply can affect capacity values and NJRES  financial margin, described below, that is generated from the optimization of transportation and storage assets. With its focus on risk management, NJRES continues to diversify its revenue stream by identifying new growth opportunities in producer and asset management services. NJRES has added new counterparties and strategic storage and transportation assets to its portfolio, which currently includes an average of approximately   43.7   Bcf of firm storage and   1.7   Bcf/day of firm transportation capacity. NJRES continues to expand its geographic footprint. 

Page   12 

    New Jersey Resources Corporation 
  Part I 
    
  ITEM 1. BUSINESS (Continued)                                                                                                                                                        

Financial Margin 
    
  To economically hedge the commodity price risk associated with its existing and anticipated commitments for the purchase and sale of natural gas, NJRES enters into a variety of derivative instruments including, but not limited to, futures contracts, physical forward contracts, financial swaps and options. These derivative instruments are accounted for at fair value with changes in fair value recognized in earnings as they occur. NJRES views  financial margin  as a key internal financial metric. NJRES  financial margin, which is a non-GAAP financial measure, represents revenues earned from the sale of natural gas less costs of natural gas sold including any storage and transportation costs, and excludes any accounting impact from changes in the fair value of certain derivative instruments. For additional information regarding financial margin, see   Item 7. Management     s Discussion and Analysis     of Financial Condition and Results of Operations - Energy Services Segment  . 
    
  Risk Management 
    
  In conducting its business, NJRES mitigates risk by following formal risk management guidelines, including transaction limits, segregation of duties and formal contract and credit review approval processes. NJRES continuously monitors and seeks to reduce the risk associated with its counterparty credit exposures. Accordingly, NJRES  counterparties are primarily investment grade rated companies. The Risk Management Committee of NJR oversees compliance with these established guidelines. 

Midstream 
    
  Our Midstream segment includes investments in FERC-regulated interstate natural gas transportation and storage assets and is comprised of the following subsidiaries: 

NJR Steckman Ridge Storage Company, which holds the Company s   50 percent   equity investment in Steckman Ridge. Steckman Ridge is a Delaware limited partnership, jointly owned and controlled by subsidiaries of the Company and subsidiaries of Spectra Energy Corporation, that built, owns and operates a natural gas storage facility with up to   12   Bcf of working gas capacity in Bedford County, Pennsylvania. The facility has direct access to the Texas Eastern and Dominion Transmission pipelines and has access to the Northeast and Mid-Atlantic markets; 

NJR Pipeline Company, which consists of its   20 percent   equity investment in PennEast, through which NJR and five other investors expect to construct a   118  -mile FERC-regulated interstate natural gas pipeline system that will extend from northern Pennsylvania to western New Jersey, which we estimate will be completed and operational by   the first quarter of fiscal 2019  ; and 

NJR Midstream Holdings Corporation,   through its subsidiary, NJNR Pipeline Company, also held the Company s   5.53 percent   ownership interest in Iroquois Gas Transmission L.P. until     September 29, 2015  , when NJNR Pipeline Company exchanged   its ownership interest in Iroquois to Dominion Midstream Partners, L.P. for approximately   1.84 million   DM Common Units. 

OTHER BUSINESS OPERATIONS 
    
  Home Services and Other 
    
  Home Services and Other operations consist primarily of the following unregulated affiliates: 

NJRHS, which provides heating, ventilation and cooling service,   sales and installation of appliances   to approximately   114,000   service contract customers, as well as installation of solar equipment; 

NJRPS, which provides plumbing repair and installation services; 

CR R, which holds commercial real estate. As of   September 30, 2016  , CR R s real estate portfolio consisted of   35   acres of undeveloped land in Atlantic County with a net book value of   $1.4 million  . CR R has committed to sell a   56,400  -square-foot office building on   five   acres of land in Monmouth County with a net book value of   $7.7 million  . Since it is probable that the sale will be completed within the next 12 months, as of   September 30, 2016  , the Company has classified the property as held for sale in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. In   December 2015  , CR R sold approximately   18.61   acres of additional undeveloped land located in Atlantic County with a net book value of   $736,000  ; 
     
   Page   13 

    New Jersey Resources Corporation 
  Part I 
    
  ITEM 1. BUSINESS (Continued)                                                                                                                                                        

NJR Investment, which held certain energy-related investments, primarily through equity instruments of public companies. Due to inactivity, all assets were moved to NJR in September 2015, and the company was dissolved on January 5, 2016; 

NJR Energy, which invests in energy-related ventures; and 

NJR Service Corporation, which provides shared administrative and financial services to the Company and all its subsidiaries. 

ENVIRONMENT 
    
  The Company and its subsidiaries are subject to legislation and regulation by federal, state and local authorities with respect to environmental matters. The Company believes that it is in compliance in all material respects with all applicable environmental laws and regulations. 
    
  NJNG is responsible for the environmental remediation of five MGP sites, which contain contaminated residues from former gas manufacturing operations that ceased at these sites by the mid-1950s and, in some cases, had been discontinued many years earlier. NJNG periodically, and at least annually, performs an environmental review of the MGP sites, including a review of potential estimated liabilities related to the investigation and remedial action on these sites. Based on this review, NJNG estimated that the total future expenditures to remediate and monitor the five MGP sites for which it is responsible will range from approximately   $143.9 million   to   $231.6 million  . 
    
  NJNG s estimate of these liabilities is based upon known and measurable facts, existing technology and enacted laws and regulations in place when the review was completed in fiscal 2016. Where it is probable that costs will be incurred, and the information is sufficient to establish a range of possible liability, NJNG accrues the most likely amount in the range. If no point within the range is more likely than the other, it is NJNG s policy to accrue the lower end of the range. As of   September 30, 2016  , NJNG recorded an MGP remediation liability and a corresponding regulatory asset of   $172 million   on the Consolidated Balance Sheets, which represents its most likely possible liability and recoverable regulatory asset; however, actual costs may differ from these estimates. On   June 29, 2016  , the BPU approved NJNG s December 2015 filing, which requested approval of its MGP expenditures incurred through   June 30, 2015  , with recovery of   $9.4 million   annually related to the SBC RA factor with rates effective   July 9, 2016  . NJNG will continue to seek recovery of these costs through its remediation rider. 
    
  EMPLOYEE RELATIONS 
    
  As of   September 30, 2016  , the Company and its subsidiaries employed   1,034   employees compared with   991   employees as of   September 30, 2015  . Of the total number of employees, NJNG had   441   and   424   and NJRHS had   106   and   104   Union or  Represented  employees as of   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively. NJNG and NJRHS have collective bargaining agreements with the Union, which is affiliated with the American Federation of Labor and Congress of Industrial Organizations, that expire in   December 2018   and   April 2019  , respectively. The labor agreements cover wage increases and other benefits, including the defined benefit pension (which was closed to all employees hired on or after January 1, 2012, with the exception of certain rehires who are eligible to resume active participation), the postemployment benefit plan (which was closed to all employees hired on or after January 1, 2012) and the enhanced 401(k) retirement savings plan. The Company considers its relationship with employees, including those covered by collective bargaining agreements, to be in good standing. 
    
  AVAILABLE INFORMATION AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE DOCUMENTS 
    
  The following reports and any amendments to those reports are available free of charge on our website at   http://njr360.client.shareholder.com/sec.cfm   as soon as reasonably possible after filing or furnishing them with the SEC: 

Annual reports on Form 10-K; 

Quarterly reports on Form 10-Q; and 

Current reports on Form 8-K. 

Page   14 

    New Jersey Resources Corporation 
  Part I 
    
  ITEM 1. BUSINESS (Continued)                                                                                                                                                        

The following documents are available free of charge on our website (  http://njr360.client.shareholder.com/governance.cfm)  : 

Corporate Governance Guidelines; 

Wholesale Trading Code of Conduct; 

NJR Code of Conduct; and 

Charters of the following Board of Directors Committees: Audit, Leadership Development and Compensation and Nominating/Corporate Governance. 
       
  In Part III of this Form 10-K, we incorporate certain information by reference from our Proxy Statement for our   2017   Annual Meeting of Shareowners. We expect to file that Proxy Statement with the SEC on or about   December 15, 2016  . We will make it available on our website as soon as reasonably possible following that filing date. Please refer to the Proxy Statement when it is available. 
    
  A printed copy of each document is available free of charge to any shareowner who requests it by contacting the Corporate Secretary at New Jersey Resources Corporation, 1415 Wyckoff Road, Wall, New Jersey 07719. 

ITEM 1A.  RISK FACTORS                                                                                                                                                                
    
  When considering any investment in our securities, investors should consider the following risk factors, as well as the information contained under the caption  Information Concerning Forward-Looking Statements,  in analyzing our present and future business performance. While this list is not exhaustive, management also places no priority or likelihood based on their descriptions or order of presentation. Unless indicated otherwise or the content requires otherwise, references below to  we,   us,  and  our  should be read to refer to NJR and its subsidiaries. 
    
  We may be unable to obtain governmental approvals, property rights and/or financing for the construction, development and operation of our proposed energy investments and projects in a timely manner or at all. 
    
  Construction, development and operation of energy investments, such as natural gas storage facilities, NJNG infrastructure improvements such as SRL and NJ RISE, pipeline transportation systems such as PennEast, solar energy projects and onshore wind projects, are subject to federal and state regulatory oversight and require certain property rights  , such as easements and rights-of-way from public and private property owners, as well as   regulatory approvals, including environmental and other permits and licenses for such facilities and systems. We or our joint venture partnerships may be unable to obtain, in a cost-efficient or timely manner, all such needed property rights, permits and licenses to successfully construct and develop our energy facilities and systems. Successful financing of our energy investments requires participation by willing financial institutions and lenders, as well as acquisition of capital at favorable interest rates. If we do not obtain the necessary regulatory approvals, property rights and financing, our equity investments could be impaired. Such impairment could have a materially adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. 
    
  We are exposed to market risk and may incur losses in wholesale services. 
    
  Our storage and transportation portfolios consist of contracts to transport and store natural gas. The value of our storage and transportation portfolio could be negatively impacted if the value of these contracts change in a direction or manner that we do not anticipate. In addition, upon expiration of these storage and transportation contracts, to the extent that they are renewed or replaced at less favorable terms, our results of operations and cash flows could be negatively impacted. 
    
  Our investments in clean energy projects are subject to substantial risks. 
    
  Commercial and residential solar energy projects and onshore wind projects, such as those in which we invest, are dependent upon current regulatory and tax incentives and there is uncertainty about the extent to which such incentives will be available in the future. The potential return on investment of these solar projects is based substantially on our eligibility for ITCs and the future market for SRECs that are traded in a competitive marketplace in the State of New Jersey. As a result, these projects face the risk that the current regulatory regimes and tax laws may expire or be adversely modified during the life of the projects. Furthermore,  
  
   Page   15 

    New Jersey Resources Corporation 
  Part I 
    
  ITEM 1A.  RISK FACTORS (Continued)                                                                                                                                           

a sustained decrease in the value of SRECs would negatively impact the return on investment of solar projects. Legislative changes or declines in the price of SRECs could also lead to an impairment of solar project assets. 
    
  In addition, there are risks associated with our ability to develop and manage such projects profitably, including logistical risks and potential delays related to construction, permitting, regulatory approvals (including any approvals by the BPU required pursuant to recently enacted solar energy legislation in the State of New Jersey) and electric grid interconnection, as well as the operational risk that the projects in service will not perform according to expectations due to equipment failure, suboptimal weather conditions or other economic factors beyond our control. All of the aforementioned risks could reduce the availability of viable solar energy projects for development. Furthermore, at the development or acquisition stage, our ability to predict actual performance results may be hindered and the projects may not perform as predicted. 
    
  If we are unable to access the financial markets or there are adverse conditions in the credit markets, it could affect management     s ability to execute our business plans. 
    
  We rely on access to both short-term and long-term credit markets as significant sources of liquidity for capital requirements not satisfied by our cash flow from operations. Any deterioration in our financial condition could hamper our ability to access the credit markets or otherwise obtain debt financing on terms favorable to us or at all. In addition, because certain state regulatory approvals may be necessary for NJNG to incur debt, NJNG may be unable to access credit markets on a timely basis. 
    
  External events could also increase the cost of borrowing or adversely affect our ability to access the financial markets. Such external events could include the following: 

economic weakness and/or political instability in the United States or in the regions where we operate; 

political conditions, such as a shutdown of the U.S. federal government; 

financial difficulties of unrelated energy companies; 

capital market conditions generally; 

market prices for natural gas; 

the overall health of the natural gas utility industry; and 

fluctuations in interest rates  , particularly with respect to NJNG s variable rate debt instruments. 
       
  Our ability to secure short-term financing is subject to conditions in the credit markets. A prolonged constriction of credit availability could affect management s ability to execute our business plan. An inability to access capital may limit our ability to pursue improvements or acquisitions that we may otherwise rely on for both current operations and future growth. 
    
  NJRES and NJNG execute derivative transactions with financial institutions as a part of their economic hedging strategy and could incur losses associated with the inability of a financial counterparty to meet or perform under its obligations as a result of adverse conditions in the credit markets or their ability to access capital or post collateral. 
    
  NJR is a holding company and depends on its operating subsidiaries to meet its financial obligations. 
    
  NJR is a holding company with no significant assets other than possible cash investments and the stock of its operating subsidiaries. We rely exclusively on dividends from our subsidiaries, on intercompany loans from our unregulated subsidiaries, and on the repayments of principal and interest from intercompany loans and reimbursement of expenses from our subsidiaries for our cash flows. Our ability to pay dividends on our common stock and to pay principal and interest on our outstanding debt depends on the payment of dividends to us by our subsidiaries or the repayment of loans to us by our subsidiaries. The extent to which our subsidiaries do not pay dividends or repay funds to us may adversely affect our ability to pay dividends to holders of our common stock and principal and interest to holders of our debt. 

Page   16 

    New Jersey Resources Corporation 
  Part I 
    
  ITEM 1A.  RISK FACTORS (Continued)                                                                                                                                           

Cyber attack or failure of information technology systems could adversely affect our business operation, financial condition and results of operations. 
    
  We continue to place greater reliance on technological tools that support our business operations and corporate functions, including tools that help us manage our natural gas distribution operations and infrastructure. The failure of, or security breaches related to, these technologies could materially adversely affect our business operations, our financial position, results of operations and cash flows. 
    
  We rely on information technology to manage our natural gas distribution and other corporate operations, maintain customer, employee, Company and vendor data, prepare our financial statements and perform other critical business processes. This technology may fail due to cyber-attack, physical disruption, design and implementation defects or human error. Disruption or failure of business operations and information technology systems could harm our facilities or otherwise adversely impact our ability to safely deliver natural gas to our customers, serve our customers effectively or manage our assets. Additionally, an attack on, or failure of information technology systems, could result in the unauthorized release of customer, employee or other confidential or sensitive data. Any of the foregoing events could adversely affect our business reputation, diminish customer confidence, disrupt operations, subject us to financial liability or increased regulation, increase our costs and expose us to material legal claims and liability. 
    
  There is no guarantee that redundancies built into our networks and technology, or the procedures we implemented to protect against cyber-attack and other unauthorized access to secured data, are adequate to safeguard against all failures of technology or security breaches. 
    
  We are subject to governmental regulation. Compliance with current and future regulatory requirements and procurement of necessary approvals, permits and certificates may result in substantial costs to us. 
    
  We are subject to substantial regulation from federal, state and local regulatory authorities. We are required to comply with numerous laws and regulations and to obtain numerous authorizations, permits, approvals and certificates from governmental agencies. These agencies regulate various aspects of our business, including customer rates, services, construction and natural gas pipeline operations. 
    
  The FERC has regulatory authority over some of our operations, including sales of natural gas in the wholesale market and the purchase and sale of interstate pipeline and storage capacity. Any Congressional legislation or agency regulation that would alter these or other similar statutory and regulatory structures in a way to significantly raise costs that could not be recovered in rates from customers, that would reduce the availability of supply or capacity or that would reduce our competitiveness could negatively impact our earnings. In addition, changes in and compliance with laws such as the Pipeline Safety, Regulatory Certainty and Job Creation Act of 2011 could increase federal regulatory oversight and administrative costs that may not be recovered in rates from customers, which could have an adverse impact on our earnings. 
    
  We cannot predict the impact of any future revisions or changes in interpretations of existing regulations or the adoption of new laws and applicable regulations. Changes in regulations or the imposition of additional regulations could influence our operating environment and may result in substantial costs to us. 
    
  The cost of providing pension and postemployment health care benefits to eligible former employees is subject to changes in pension fund values, interest rates and changing demographics and may have a material adverse effect on our financial results. 
    
  We have two defined benefit pension plans and two OPEB plans for the benefit of eligible full-time employees and qualified retirees, which were closed to all employees hired on or after January 1, 2012. The cost of providing these benefits to eligible current and former employees is subject to changes in the market value of the pension and OPEB fund assets, changing discount rates and changing actuarial assumptions based upon demographics, including longer life expectancy of beneficiaries, an expected increase in the number of eligible former employees over the next five years, impacts from healthcare legislation and increases in health care costs. 
    
  Significant declines in equity markets and/or reductions in bond yields can have a material adverse effect on the funded status of our pension and OPEB plans. In these circumstances, we may be required to recognize increased pension and OPEB expenses and/or be required to make additional cash contributions into the plans. 

Page   17 

    New Jersey Resources Corporation 
  Part I 
    
  ITEM 1A.  RISK FACTORS (Continued)                                                                                                                                           

The funded status of these plans, and the related cost reflected in our financial statements, are affected by various factors that are subject to an inherent degree of uncertainty. Under the Pension Protection Act of 2006, losses of asset values may necessitate increased funding of the plans in the future to meet minimum federal government requirements. A significant decrease in the asset values of these plans can result in funding obligations earlier than we had originally planned, which would have a negative impact on cash flows from operations, decrease our borrowing capacity and increase our interest expense. 
    
  Our economic hedging activities that are designed to protect against commodity and financial market risks, including the use of derivative contracts in the normal course of NJRES      business, may cause fluctuations in reported financial results and financial losses that negatively impact results of operations and our stock price. 
    
  We use derivatives, including futures, forwards, options, swaps and foreign exchange contracts to manage commodity, financial market and foreign currency risks. The timing of the recognition of gains or losses associated with our economic hedges in accordance with GAAP does not always coincide with the gains or losses on the items being hedged. The difference in       accounting can result in volatility in reported results, even though the expected profit margin is essentially unchanged from the dates the transactions were consummated. 
    
  In addition, NJRES could recognize financial losses on these contracts as a result of volatility in the market values of the underlying commodities or if a counterparty fails to perform under a contract. In the absence of actively quoted market prices and pricing information from external sources, the valuation of these financial instruments can involve management s judgment or use of estimates. As a result, changes in the underlying assumptions or use of alternative valuation methods could adversely affect the value of the reported fair value of these contracts. 
    
  NJRES      earnings and cash flows are dependent upon optimization of its physical assets using financial transactions. 
    
  NJRES  earnings and cash flows are based, in part, on its ability to optimize its portfolio of contractual-based natural gas storage and pipeline assets. The optimization strategy involves utilizing its physical assets to take advantage of differences in natural gas prices between geographic locations and/or time periods. Any change among various pricing points could affect these differentials. In addition, significant increases in the supply of natural gas in NJRES  market areas, including as a result of increased production along the Marcellus Shale, can reduce NJRES  ability to take advantage of pricing fluctuations in the future. Changes in pricing dynamics and supply could have an adverse impact on NJRES  optimization activities, earnings and cash flows. NJRES incurs fixed demand fees to acquire its contractual rights to storage and transportation assets. Should commodity prices at various locations or time periods change in such a way that NJRES is not able to recoup these costs from its customers, the cash flows and earnings at NJRES, and ultimately NJR, could be adversely impacted. 
    
  NJNG and NJRES rely on storage, transportation assets and suppliers that they do not own or control to deliver natural gas. 
    
  NJNG and NJRES depend on natural gas pipelines and other storage and transportation facilities owned and operated by third parties to deliver natural gas to wholesale markets and to provide retail energy services to customers. Their ability to provide natural gas for their present and projected sales will depend upon their suppliers  ability to obtain and deliver additional supplies of natural gas, as well as NJNG s ability to acquire supplies directly from new sources. Factors beyond the control of NJNG, its suppliers and the independent suppliers who have obligations to provide natural gas to certain NJNG customers, may affect NJNG s ability to deliver such supplies. These factors include other parties  control over the drilling of new wells and the facilities to transport natural gas to NJNG s citygate stations, competition for the acquisition of natural gas, priority allocations, impact of severe weather disruptions to natural gas supplies, the regulatory and pricing policies of federal and state regulatory agencies, as well as the availability of Canadian reserves for export to the United States. Energy deregulation legislation may increase competition among natural gas utilities and impact the quantities of natural gas requirements needed for sales service. NJRES also relies on a firm supply source to meet its energy management obligations to its customers. If supply, transportation or storage is disrupted, including for reasons of   force majeure  , the ability of NJNG and NJRES to sell and deliver their products and services may be hindered. As a result, they may be responsible for damages incurred by their customers, such as the additional cost of acquiring alternative supply at then-current market rates. Particularly for NJRES, these conditions could have a material impact on its cash flows and statement of operations. 

Page   18 

    New Jersey Resources Corporation 
  Part I 
    
  ITEM 1A.  RISK FACTORS (Continued)                                                                                                                                           

A change in our effective tax rate as a result of a failure to qualify for ITCs and PTCs or being delayed in qualifying for ITCs due to delays or failures to complete planned solar energy projects and wind projects within the safe harbor period may have a material impact on our earnings. 
    
  GAAP requires NJR to apply an effective tax rate to interim periods that is consistent with our estimated annual effective tax rate. As a result, NJR projects quarterly the annual effective tax rate and then adjusts the tax expense recorded in that quarter to reflect the projected annual effective tax rate. The amount of the quarterly adjustment is based on information and assumptions, which are subject to change and may have a material impact on quarterly and annual NFE. Factors we consider in estimating the probability of projects being completed during the fiscal year include, but are not limited to, Board of Directors approval, construction logistics, permitting, interconnection completion and execution of various contracts, including PPAs. If NJR fails to qualify for ITCs or is delayed in qualifying for some ITCs during the fiscal year due to delays or failures to complete planned solar energy projects as scheduled, our quarterly and annual net income and NFE may be materially impacted. 
    
  For a wind facility to be considered a qualified facility for purposes of the PTCs, the construction of the facility must have begun prior to January 1, 2020 and placed in service before January 1, 2024. A taxpayer may establish that construction has begun by starting  physical work of a significant nature.  Only physical work of a significant nature on tangible personal property used as an integral part of the activity performed by the facility is considered for purposes of determining when construction begins. Alternatively, a taxpayer may establish that construction has begun by paying or incurring five percent of eligible project costs (the  5 percent safe harbor ). 
    
  We may be adversely impacted by natural disasters, pandemic illness, terrorist activities and other extreme events to which we may be unable to promptly respond. 
    
  Local or national natural disasters, pandemic illness, terrorist activities and other extreme events are a threat to our assets and operations. Companies in our industry that are located in our service territory may face a heightened risk due to exposure to acts of terrorism that could target or impact our natural gas distribution, transmission and storage facilities and disrupt our operations and ability to meet customer requirements. In addition, the threat of terrorist activities could lead to increased economic instability and volatility in the price of natural gas that could affect our operations. Natural disasters or actual or threatened terrorist activities may also disrupt capital markets and our ability to raise capital, or may impact our suppliers or our customers directly. A local disaster or pandemic illness could result in part of our workforce being unable to operate or maintain our infrastructure or perform other tasks necessary to conduct our business. In addition, these risks could result in loss of human life, significant damage to property, environmental damage, impairment of our operations and substantial loss to the Company. Our regulators may not allow us to recover from our customers part or all of the increased cost related to the foregoing events, which could negatively affect our earnings. 
    
  We maintain emergency planning and training programs to readily respond to events that could cause business interruption. However, a slow or inadequate response to events may have an adverse impact on operations and earnings. We may unable to obtain sufficient insurance to cover all risks associated with local and national disasters, pandemic illness, terrorist activities and other events, which could increase the risk that an event adversely affects our operations or financial results. 
    
  Risks related to the regulation of NJNG could affect the rates it is able to charge, its costs and its profitability. 
    
  NJNG is subject to regulation by federal, state and local authorities. These authorities regulate many aspects of NJNG s distribution operations, including construction and maintenance of facilities, operations, safety, tariff rates that NJNG can charge customers, rates of return, the authorized cost of capital, recovery of pipeline replacement, environmental remediation costs and relationships with its affiliates. NJNG s ability to obtain rate increases, including base rate increases, extend its BGSS incentive and CIP programs and maintain its currently authorized rates of return may be impacted by events, including regulatory or legislative actions. There can be no assurance that NJNG will be able to obtain rate increases and continue its BGSS incentive, CIP and SAVEGREEN programs or continue the opportunity to earn its currently authorized rates of return. 
    
  Significant regulatory assets recorded by NJNG could be disallowed for recovery from customers in the future. 
    
  NJNG records regulatory assets on its financial statements to reflect the ratemaking and regulatory decision-making authority of the BPU as allowed by GAAP. The creation of a regulatory asset allows for the deferral of costs, which, absent a mechanism to recover such costs from customers in rates approved by the BPU, would be charged to expense on its income statement in the period incurred. Primary regulatory assets that are subject to BPU approval include the recovery of BGSS and USF costs,  
  
   Page   19 

    New Jersey Resources Corporation 
  Part I 
    
  ITEM 1A.  RISK FACTORS (Continued)                                                                                                                                           

remediation costs associated with its MGP sites, CIP, NJCEP, economic stimulus plans, deferred storm costs, certain deferred income tax and pension and other postemployment benefit plans. If there were to be a change in regulatory positions surrounding the collection of these deferred costs there could be a material impact on NJNG s financial position, results of operations and cash flows. 
    
  Credit rating downgrades could increase financing costs, limit access to the financial markets and negatively affect NJR and its subsidiaries. 
    
  Rating agencies Moody s and S P currently rate NJNG s debt as investment grade. If such ratings are downgraded below investment grade, borrowing costs could increase, as will the costs of maintaining certain contractual relationships and obtaining future financing. Even if ratings are downgraded without falling below investment grade, NJR and NJNG could face increased borrowing costs under their current credit facilities. Our ability to borrow and costs of borrowing have a direct impact on our subsidiaries  ability to execute their operating strategies, particularly in the case of NJNG, which relies heavily upon capital expenditures financed by its credit facility. 
    
  If we suffer a reduction in our credit and borrowing capacity or in our ability to issue parental guarantees, the business prospects of NJRES, NJRCEV and Midstream, which rely on our creditworthiness, would be adversely affected. NJRES could possibly be required to comply with various margin or other credit enhancement obligations under its trading and marketing contracts, and it may be unable to continue to trade or be able to do so only on less favorable terms with certain counterparties. NJRCEV could be required to seek alternative financing for its projects, and may be unable to obtain such financing or able to do so only on less favorable terms. In addition, NJNR Pipeline may not be able to finance its capital obligations to PennEast.  
    
  Additionally, lower credit ratings could adversely affect relationships with NJNG s state regulators, who may be unwilling to allow NJNG to pass along increased costs to its natural gas customers. 
    
  NJNG     s operations are subject to certain operating risks incidental to handling, storing, transporting and providing customers with natural gas. 
    
  NJNG s operations are subject to all operating hazards and risks incidental to handling, storing, transporting and providing customers with natural gas, including its NGV refueling stations and LNG facilities. These risks include explosions, pollution, release of toxic substances, fires, storms and other adverse weather conditions and hazards, each of which could result in damage to or destruction of facilities or damage to persons and property. NJNG could suffer substantial losses should any of these events occur. Moreover, as a result, NJNG has been, and likely will be, a defendant in legal proceedings and litigation arising in the ordinary course of business. Although NJNG maintains insurance coverage, insurance may not be sufficient to cover all material expenses related to these risks. 
    
  Major changes in the supply and price of natural gas may affect financial results. 
    
  While NJNG expects to meet the demand for natural gas from its customers for the foreseeable future, factors impacting suppliers and other third parties, including increased competition, further deregulation, transportation costs, possible climate change legislation, transportation availability and drilling for new natural gas resources, may impact the supply and price of natural gas. NJNG actively hedges against the fluctuation in the price of natural gas by entering into forward and financial contracts with third parties. Should these third parties fail to perform and regulators not allow the pass-through of expended funds to customers, it may result in a loss that could have a material impact on our financial position, cash flows and statement of operations. 
    
  Changes in weather conditions may affect earnings and cash flows. 
    
  Weather conditions and other natural phenomena can have an adverse impact on our earnings and cash flows. Severe weather conditions can impact suppliers and the pipelines that deliver gas to NJNG s distribution system. Extended mild weather, during either the winter period or summer period, can have a significant impact on demand for and the cost of natural gas. While we believe the CIP mitigates the impact of weather variations on NJNG s gross margin, severe weather conditions may have an impact on the ability of suppliers and pipelines to deliver the natural gas to NJNG, which can negatively affect our earnings. The CIP does not mitigate the impact of severe weather conditions on our cash flows. 

Page   20 

    New Jersey Resources Corporation 
  Part I 
    
  ITEM 1A.  RISK FACTORS (Continued)                                                                                                                                           

Future results at NJRES are subject to volatility in the natural gas market due to weather. Variations in weather may affect earnings and working capital needs throughout the year. During periods of milder temperatures, demand and volatility in the natural gas market may decrease, which can negatively impact NJRES  earnings and cash flows. 
    
  We are involved in legal or administrative proceedings before various courts and governmental bodies that could adversely affect our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. 
    
  We are involved in legal or administrative proceedings before various courts and governmental bodies with respect to general claims, rates, taxes, environmental issues, gas cost prudence reviews and other matters. Adverse decisions regarding these matters, to the extent they require us to make payments in excess of amounts provided for in our financial statements or covered by insurance, could adversely affect our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. 
    
  Adverse economic conditions, including inflation, increased natural gas costs, foreclosures and business failures, could adversely impact NJNG     s customer collections and increase our level of indebtedness. 
    
  Inflation may cause increases in certain operating and capital costs. We continually review the adequacy of NJNG s base tariff rates in relation to the increasing cost of providing service and the inherent regulatory lag in adjusting those rates. The ability to control operating expenses is an important factor that will influence future results. 
    
  Rapid increases in the price of purchased gas may cause NJNG to experience a significant increase in short-term debt because it must pay suppliers for gas when it is purchased, which can be significantly in advance of when these costs may be recovered through the collection of monthly customer bills for gas delivered. Increases in purchased gas costs also slow collection efforts as customers are more likely to delay the payment of their gas bills, leading to higher-than-normal accounts receivable. 
    
  Failure by NJR and/or NJNG to comply with debt covenants may impact our financial condition. 
    
  Our long-term debt obligations contain financial covenants related to debt-to-capital ratios and, in the case of NJNG, an interest coverage ratio. These debt obligations also contain provisions that put limitations on our ability to finance future operations or capital needs or to expand or pursue certain business activities. For example, certain of these agreements contain provisions that, among other things, put limitations on our ability to make loans or investments, make material changes to the nature of our businesses, merge, consolidate or engage in asset sales, grant liens or make negative pledges. Furthermore, the debt obligations contain covenants and other provisions requiring us to provide timely delivery of accurate financial statements prepared in accordance with GAAP. The failure to comply with any of these covenants could result in an event of default, which, if not cured or waived, could result in the acceleration of outstanding debt obligations and/or the inability to borrow under existing revolving credit facilities. We have relied, and continue to rely, upon short-term bank borrowings or commercial paper supported by our revolving credit facilities to finance the execution of a portion of our operating strategies. NJNG is dependent on these capital sources to purchase its natural gas supply and maintain its properties. The acceleration of our outstanding debt obligations and our inability to borrow under the existing revolving credit facilities would cause a material adverse change in NJR s and NJNG s financial condition. 
    
  Our costs of compliance with present and future environmental laws are significant and could adversely affect our cash flows and profitability. 
    
  Our operations are subject to extensive federal, state and local environmental statutes, rules and regulations relating to air quality, water quality, waste management, natural resources and site remediation. Compliance with these laws and regulations may require us to expend significant financial resources to, among other things, conduct site remediation and perform environmental monitoring. If we fail to comply with applicable environmental laws and regulations, even if we are unable to do so due to factors beyond our control, we may be subject to civil liabilities or criminal penalties and may be required to incur significant expenditures to come into compliance. Additionally, any alleged violations of environmental laws and regulations may require us to expend significant resources in our defense against alleged violations. 
    
  Furthermore, the U.S. Congress has for some time been considering various forms of climate change legislation. There is a possibility that, when and if enacted, the final form of such legislation could impact our costs and put upward pressure on wholesale natural gas prices. Higher cost levels could impact the competitive position of natural gas and negatively affect our growth opportunities, cash flows and earnings. 

Page   21 

    New Jersey Resources Corporation 
  Part I 
    
  ITEM 1A.  RISK FACTORS (Continued)                                                                                                                                           

Failure to attract and retain an appropriately qualified employee workforce could adversely affect operations. 
    
  Our ability to implement our business strategy and serve our customers is dependent upon our continuing ability to attract and retain talented professionals and a technically skilled workforce, and being able to transfer the knowledge and expertise of our workforce to new employees as our aging employees retire. Failure to hire and adequately train replacement employees, including the transfer of significant internal historical knowledge and expertise to the new employees, or the future availability and cost of contract labor could adversely affect the ability to manage and operate our business. Furthermore, the majority of our natural gas distribution segment workforce is represented by the Union and is covered by a collective bargaining agreement that will expire in   December 2018  . Disputes with the Union over terms and conditions of the agreement could result in instability in our labor relationship and work stoppages that could impact the timely delivery of gas and other services from our utility, which could strain relationships with customers and state regulators and cause a loss of revenues that could adversely affect our results of operations. Our collective bargaining agreement may also increase the cost of employing our natural gas distribution segment workforce, affect our ability to continue offering market-based salaries and employee benefits, limit our flexibility in dealing with our workforce, and limit our ability to change work rules and practices and implement other efficiency-related improvements to successfully compete in today s challenging marketplace. 
    
  Changes in customer growth may affect earnings and cash flows. 
    
  NJNG s ability to increase its utility firm gross margin is dependent upon the new construction housing market, as well as the conversion of customers to natural gas from other fuel sources. During periods of extended economic downturns, prolonged weakness in housing markets or slowdowns in the conversion market, there could be an adverse impact on NJNG s utility firm gross margin, earnings and cash flows. Furthermore, while our estimate regarding customer growth is based in part upon information from third parties, the estimate has not been verified by any independent source and is subject to the aforementioned risks and uncertainties, which could cause actual results to materially deviate from the estimate. 
    
  Investing through partnerships, joint ventures or in an MLP decreases our ability to manage risk. 
    
  We have utilized joint ventures through partnerships for certain midstream investments, including Steckman Ridge and PennEast, and we own a minority interest in DM, a MLP, through our investment in DM Common Units. Although we currently have no specific plans to do so, we may acquire interests in other joint ventures or partnerships in the future. In these joint ventures or partnerships, we may not have the right or power to direct the management and policies of the joint ventures or partnerships, and other participants or investors may take action contrary to our instructions or requests and against our policies and objectives. In addition, the other participants may become bankrupt or have economic or other business interests or goals that are inconsistent with those of NJR and our subsidiaries. Our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows could be harmed if a joint venture participant acts contrary to our interests. 
    
  Additionally, our investment in DM has risks that are unique to investments in MLPs. Holders of MLP common units have limited control and voting rights on matters affecting the MLP, and investments in MLPs may have limited liquidity. Additionally, if DM is treated as a corporation for federal income tax purposes as a result of a change in current law or a change in DM s business, such treatment would result in a reduction in the after-tax return to us and may cause a reduction in the value of our investment in DM Common Units. 
    
  Our certificate of incorporation and bylaws may delay or prevent a transaction that stockholders would view as favorable. 
    
  Our certificate of incorporation and bylaws, as well as New Jersey law, contain provisions that could delay, defer or prevent an unsolicited change in control of NJR, which may negatively affect the market price of our common stock or the ability of stockholders to participate in a transaction in which they might otherwise receive a premium for their shares over the then current market price. These provisions may also prevent changes in management. In addition, our Board of Directors is authorized to issue preferred stock without stockholder approval on such terms as our Board of Directors may determine. Our common stockholders will be subject to, and may be negatively affected by, the rights of any preferred stock that may be issued in the future. In addition, we are subject to the New Jersey Shareholders  Protection Act, which could delay or prevent a change of control of NJR. 

ITEM 1B.  UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS                                                                                                                         
    
  None 

Page   22 

New Jersey Resources Corporation 
  Part I 

ITEM 2.  PROPERTIES                                                                                                                                                                   
    
  Natural Gas Distribution Segment   (All properties are located in New Jersey) 
    
  NJNG owns approximately   7,132   miles of distribution main,   7,328   miles of service main,   226   miles of transmission main and approximately   541,000   meters. Mains are primarily located under public roads. Where mains are located under private property, NJNG has obtained easements from the owners of record. 
    
  Additionally, NJNG owns and operates two LNG storage plants in Stafford Township, Ocean County; and Howell Township, Monmouth County. The two LNG plants have an aggregate estimated maximum capacity of approximately   170,000   Dths per day and   1   Bcf of total capacity. These facilities are used for peaking natural gas supply and for emergencies. NJNG s Liquefaction facility is also located on the Howell Township property and allows NJNG to convert natural gas into LNG to fill NJNG s existing LNG storage tanks.  
    
  NJNG owns four service centers located in Rockaway Township, Morris County; Atlantic Highlands and Wall Township, Monmouth County; and Lakewood, Ocean County. These service centers house storerooms, garages, gas distribution and administrative offices. NJNG leases its headquarters and customer service facilities in Wall Township, Monmouth County, a customer service office in Asbury Park, Monmouth County and a service center in Manahawkin, Ocean County. These customer service offices support customer contact, marketing, economic development and other functions. 
    
  Substantially all of NJNG s properties, not expressly excepted or duly released, are subject to the lien of the Mortgage Indenture as security for NJNG s mortgage bonds, which totaled   $707.8 million   as of    September 30, 2016  . In addition, under the terms of the Mortgage Indenture, NJNG could have issued up to   $849 million   of additional first mortgage bonds as of   September 30, 2016  . 
    
  Clean Energy Ventures Segment 
    
  NJRCEV has various solar contracts, including lease agreements and easements, allowing the installation, operation and maintenance of solar equipment and access to the various properties, including commercial and residential rooftops. In addition to the lease agreements and easements, NJRCEV owns   79.5   acres of land in Vineland, New Jersey for its Vineland solar project. NJRCEV owns solar panels with a total of   149.7   MW of capacity. 
    
  NJRCEV is also party to various land lease agreements and easements, which allow for the installation, operation and maintenance of wind turbines, associated electric collection facilities, substations, operation and maintenance buildings and access to the various properties. As of   September 30, 2016  , NJRCEV owns the following wind projects: 

a   $3.7 million  ,   6.3   MW project in Carbon County, Wyoming; and 

an   $84 million  ,   39.9   MW project in Somerset County, Pennsylvania that is currently under construction and is expected to be completed in the first quarter of fiscal 2017. 
       
  In addition to the lease agreements and easements, NJRCEV owns   1.8   acres,   7.14   acres and   9   acres of land for its Carroll County, Rush County and Somerset County wind projects, respectively. NJRCEV also owns a building on .16 acres in Rush County, Kansas that is used for operation and maintenance purposes. 
    
  NJRCEV leases office space in Wall Township, New Jersey. 
    
  Energy Services Segment 
    
  As of   September 30, 2016  , NJRES leases office space in Wall Township, New Jersey, as well as Houston, Texas and Charlotte, North Carolina for its business activities. 

Page   23 

    New Jersey Resources Corporation 
  Part I 

ITEM 2.  PROPERTIES (Continued)                                                                                                                                                
    
  Midstream Segment 
    
  As of   September 30, 2016  , Steckman Ridge owned and/or leased storage rights on approximately   6,300   acres of land in Bedford County, Pennsylvania, with a FERC-regulated natural gas storage facility with up to   12   Bcf of working gas capacity. Equipment on the property includes a compressor station, gathering pipelines and pipeline interconnections. As of   September 30, 2016  , PennEast owned   74   acres of land in Carbon County, Pennsylvania and   58.7   acres of land in Mercer County, New Jersey. 
    
  All Other Business Operations 
    
  As of   September 30, 2016  , CR R s real estate portfolio consisted of   35   acres of undeveloped land in Atlantic County with a net book value of   $1.4 million  . CR R also owns a   56,400  -square-foot office building on   five   acres of land in Monmouth County with a net book value of   $7.7 million  , which the Company has committed to sell and has reclassified as held for sale as of   September 30, 2016  . In   December 2015  , CR R sold approximately   18.61   acres of additional undeveloped land located in Atlantic County with a net book value of   $736,000  . 
    
  NJRHS leases service centers in Dover, Morris County and Wall, Monmouth County, New Jersey. 
    
  Capital Expenditure Program 
    
  See   Item 7. Management     s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations   for a discussion of anticipated fiscal   2017   and   2018   capital expenditures as applicable to NJR s business segments and business operations. 

ITEM 3.  LEGAL PROCEEDINGS                                                                                                                                                 
    
  Manufactured Gas Plant Remediation 
    
  NJNG is responsible for the remedial cleanup of five MGP sites, dating back to gas operations in the late 1800s and early 1900s, which contain contaminated residues from former gas manufacturing operations. NJNG is currently involved in administrative proceedings with the NJDEP, and is participating in various studies and investigations by outside consultants to determine the nature and extent of any such contaminated residues and to develop appropriate programs of remedial action, where warranted, under Administrative Consent Orders or Memoranda of Agreement with the NJDEP. 
    
  NJNG may recover its remediation expenditures, including carrying costs, over rolling seven-year periods pursuant to a RA approved by the BPU. In   May 2015  , the BPU approved NJNG s September 2014 filing, which requested approval of its MGP expenditures incurred through   June 2014   with recovery of   $8.5 million   annually related to the SBC RA factor with rates effective   June 2015  . On   June 29, 2016  , the BPU approved NJNG s December 2015 filing, which requested approval of its MGP expenditures incurred through   June 30, 2015   with recovery of   $9.4 million   annually related to the SBC RA factor with rates effective   July 9, 2016  . As of   September 30, 2016  ,   $19.6 million   of previously incurred remediation costs, net of recoveries from customers and insurance proceeds, are included in regulatory assets on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
    
  NJNG periodically, and at least annually, performs an environmental review of the MGP sites, including a review of potential liability for investigation and remedial action. NJNG estimated at the time of the most recent review that total future expenditures to remediate and monitor the five MGP sites for which it is responsible, including potential liabilities for Natural Resource Damages that might be brought by the NJDEP for alleged injury to groundwater or other natural resources concerning these sites, will range from approximately   $143.9 million   to   $231.6 million  . NJNG s estimate of these liabilities is based upon known facts, existing technology and enacted laws and regulations in place when the review was completed. Where it is probable that costs will be incurred, and the information is sufficient to establish a range of possible liability, NJNG accrues the most likely amount in the range. If no point within the range is more likely than the other, it is NJNG s policy to accrue the lower end of the range. Accordingly, as of   September 30, 2016  , NJNG recorded an MGP remediation liability and a corresponding regulatory asset of   $172 million   on the Consolidated Balance Sheets, based on the most likely amount. The actual costs to be incurred by NJNG are dependent upon several factors, including final determination of remedial action, changing technologies and governmental regulations, the ultimate ability of other responsible parties to pay and any insurance recoveries. 
    
  NJNG will continue to seek recovery of MGP-related costs through the RA. If any future regulatory position indicates that the recovery of such costs is not probable, the related non-recoverable costs would be charged to income in the period of such determination. 
  
   Page   24 

    New Jersey Resources Corporation 
  Part I 
    
  ITEM 3.  LEGAL PROCEEDINGS (Continued)                                                                                                                           

General 
    
  The Company is party to various other claims, legal actions and complaints arising in the ordinary course of business. In the Company s opinion, other than as disclosed in this   Item 3  , the ultimate disposition of these matters will not have a material effect on its financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. 

ITEM 4.  MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES                                                                                                                                        
    
  Not applicable 

ITEM 4A.  EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE COMPANY                                                                                                        
    
  The Company s Executive Officers and their age, position and business experience during the past five years are set forth below. 

Page   25 

New Jersey Resources Corporation 
  Part II 

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR THE REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND 
  ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES                                                                                                                       
    
  NJR s Common Stock is traded on the New York Stock Exchange under the ticker symbol NJR. As of   September 30, 2016  , NJR had   45,679   holders of record of its common stock. 
    
  NJR s common stock high and low sales prices and dividends paid per share were as follows: 

On January 20, 2015, NJR s Board of Directors approved a 2-for-1 stock split of the Company s common stock for the Company s holders of record on February 6, 2015. The additional shares were issued on March 3, 2015. All share-related information for prior periods has been retroactively adjusted throughout this report to reflect the effects of the stock split. Common stock and premium on common stock amounts have also been adjusted as of the earliest period presented on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
    
  In 1996, the Board of Directors authorized the Company to implement a share repurchase program, which has been expanded seven times since the inception of the program. The Share Repurchase Plan allows the Company to purchase its outstanding shares on the open market or in negotiated transactions, based on market and other conditions. The Company is not required to purchase any specific number of shares and may discontinue or suspend the program at any time. The Share Repurchase Plan will expire when we have repurchased all shares authorized for repurchase thereunder, unless it is earlier terminated by action of our Board of Directors or additional shares are authorized for repurchase. 
    
  The following table sets forth NJR s repurchase activity for the quarter ended   September 30, 2016  : 

Page   26 

New Jersey Resources Corporation 
  Part II 

ITEM 6.  SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA                                                                                                                                    
    
  CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATISTICS 

(2) 
    NFE is a financial measure not calculated in accordance with GAAP. NFE eliminates the timing differences surrounding the recognition of certain gains or losses, to effectively match the earnings effects of economic hedges associated with the physical sale or purchase of gas and, therefore, eliminates the impact of volatility to GAAP earnings associated with the related derivative instruments. For further discussion of this financial measure, see the Energy Services segment in   Item 7. Management     s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  . 
     
   Page   27 

    New Jersey Resources Corporation 
  Part II 

ITEM 6.  SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA (Continued)                                                                                                               
    
  NJNG OPERATING STATISTICS 

(1) 
    NJNG     s income from operations divided by interest expense. 
              (2) 
    Normal heating degree days are based on a 20-year average, calculated based upon three reference areas representative of NJNG     s service territory. 

Page   28 

New Jersey Resources Corporation 
  Part II 

ITEM 7.  MANAGEMENT     S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF 
  OPERATIONS                                                                                                                                                                                    
    
  Forward-looking and Cautionary Statements 
    
  From time to time, we may make statements that may constitute  forward-looking statements  within the meaning of the  safe-harbor  provisions of Section 27A of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1933, as amended, Section 21E of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are based on our then-current expectations and are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those addressed in the forward-looking statements. Information concerning forward-looking statements is set forth on page 3 of this annual report and is incorporated herein. A detailed discussion of risk and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from such forward-looking statements is included in   Item 1A. Risk Factors   and are incorporated herein. We undertake no obligation to update or revise publicly any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. 

Critical Accounting Policies 
    
  We prepare our financial statements in accordance with GAAP. Application of these accounting principles requires the use of estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses, and related disclosures of contingencies during the reporting period. We regularly evaluate our estimates, including those related to the calculation of the fair value of derivative instruments, regulatory assets, income taxes, pension and postemployment benefits other than pensions, asset retirement obligations and contingencies related to environmental matters and litigation. We base our estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying value of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. In the normal course of business, estimated amounts are subsequently adjusted to actual results that may differ from estimates. 
    
  Regulatory Accounting 
    
  NJNG maintains its accounts in accordance with the FERC Uniform System of Accounts as prescribed by the BPU and recognizes the impact of regulatory decisions on its financial statements. As a result of the ratemaking process, NJNG is required to apply the accounting principles in ASC 980,   Regulated Operations  , which differ in certain respects from those applied by unregulated businesses. Specifically, NJNG records assets when it is probable that certain operating costs will be recoverable from customers in future periods and records liabilities associated with probable future obligations to customers. 
    
  NJNG s BGSS requires it to project its annual natural gas costs and provides the ability, subject to BPU approval, to recover or refund the difference, if any, of such actual costs compared with the projected costs included in prices through a BGSS charge to customers. Any underrecovery or overrecovery is recorded as a regulatory asset or liability on the Consolidated Balance Sheets and reflected in the BGSS charge to customers in subsequent years. 
    
  As recovery of regulatory assets is subject to BPU approval, if there are any changes in future regulatory positions that indicate recovery of all or a portion of a regulatory asset is not probable, the related cost would be charged to income in the period of such determination. On   November 13, 2015  , NJNG filed a base rate petition with the BPU to increase its base tariff rates in the amount of   $147.6 million  , which was revised on   July 20, 2016  , to   $112.9 million  . On   September 23, 2016  , the BPU approved the increase in base tariff rates in the amount of   $45 million  , effective   October 1, 2016  . There were no changes to the amounts NJNG has recognized in regulatory assets as a result of the settlement of its base rate petition. 
    
  Derivative Instruments 
    
  We record our derivative instruments held as assets and liabilities at fair value on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. In addition, since we choose not to designate any of our physical and financial natural gas commodity derivatives as accounting hedges, changes in the fair value of NJRES  commodity derivatives are recognized in earnings, as they occur, as a component of operating revenues or gas purchases on the Consolidated Statements of Operations. Changes in the fair value of foreign exchange contracts that NJRES utilizes as cash flow hedges are recorded to AOCI, a component of stockholders  equity, and reclassified to gas purchases on the Consolidated Statements of Operations when they settle. 
    
  The fair value of derivative instruments is determined by reference to quoted market prices of listed exchange-traded contracts, published price quotations, pipeline tariff information and/or a combination of those items. NJRES  portfolio is valued using the most current and reasonable market information. If the price underlying a physical commodity transaction does not represent a visible and liquid market, NJRES may utilize additional published pipeline tariff information and/or other services to determine  
  
   Page   29 

    New Jersey Resources Corporation 
  Part II 
    
  ITEM 7.  MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF 
  OPERATIONS (Continued)                                                                                                                                                                

an equivalent market price. As of   September 30, 2016  , fair value of its derivative assets and liabilities reported on the Consolidated Balance Sheets that is based on such pricing is immaterial. 
    
  Should there be a significant change in the underlying market prices or pricing assumptions, NJRES may experience a significant impact on its financial position, results of operations and cash flows. Refer to   Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risks   for sensitivity analysis related to the impact to derivative fair values resulting from changes in commodity prices. The valuation methods NJR uses to determine fair values remained consistent for   fiscal 2016  ,   2015   and   2014  . NJR applies a discount to its derivative assets to factor in an adjustment associated with the credit risk of its physical natural gas counterparties and to its derivative liabilities to factor in an adjustment associated with its own credit risk. NJR determines this amount by using historical default probabilities corresponding to the appropriate S P issuer ratings. Since the majority of NJR s counterparties are rated investment grade, this results in an immaterial credit risk adjustment. 
    
  Gains and losses associated with derivatives utilized by NJNG to manage the price risk inherent in its natural gas purchasing activities are recoverable through its BGSS, subject to BPU approval. Accordingly, the offset to the change in fair value of these derivatives is recorded as either a regulatory asset or liability on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
    
  NJRCEV hedges certain of its expected production of SRECs through forward and futures contracts. NJRCEV intends to physically deliver all SRECs it sells and recognizes SREC revenue as operating revenue on the Consolidated Statements of Operations upon delivery of the underlying SREC. 
    
  We have not designated any derivatives as fair value hedges as of   September 30, 2016   and   2015  . 
    
  Income Taxes and Credits 
    
  The determination of our provision for income taxes requires significant judgment, the use of estimates and the interpretation and application of complex tax laws. Significant judgment is required in assessing the timing and amounts of deductible and taxable items. We use the asset and liability method to determine and record deferred tax assets, representing future tax benefits, and deferred tax liabilities, representing future taxes payable, resulting from the differences between the financial reporting amount and the corresponding tax basis of the assets and liabilities using the enacted rates expected to be in effect at the time the differences are settled. An offsetting valuation allowance is recorded when it is more likely than not some or all of the deferred income tax assets won t be realized. NJR had net deferred tax liabilities of   $464.6 million   and   $436.5 million  , and a valuation allowance of   $262,000   and   $176,000   related to certain deferred state tax assets, as of   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively. Any significant changes to the estimates and judgments with respect to the interpretations, timing or deductibility could result in a material change on earnings and cash flows. 
    
  For state income tax and other taxes, estimates and judgments are required with respect to the apportionment among the various jurisdictions. In addition, we operate within multiple tax jurisdictions and are subject to audits in these jurisdictions. These audits can involve complex issues, which may require an extended period of time to resolve. We maintain a liability for the estimate of potential income tax exposure and, in our opinion, adequate provisions for income taxes have been made for all years reported. Any significant changes to the estimates and judgments with respect to the apportionment factor could result in a material change on earnings and cash flows. 
    
  Accounting guidance requires that we establish reserves for uncertain tax positions when it is more likely than not that the positions will not be sustained when challenged by taxing authorities. We have no reason to believe that we have any future obligations associated with unrecognized tax benefits, therefore, as of   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , we have not recorded any liabilities related to uncertain tax positions. Any significant changes to the estimates and judgments with respect to the interpretations, timing or deductibility could result in a material change on earnings and cash flows. 
    
  To the extent that NJNG invests in property that qualifies for ITCs, the ITC is deferred and amortized to income over the life of the equipment in accordance with regulatory treatment. For our unregulated subsidiaries, we recognize ITCs as a reduction to income tax expense when the property is placed in service. 
    
  To the extent that the Company invests in property that qualifies for PTCs, the PTC is recognized as a reduction to current federal income tax expense as the PTCs are generated through the production activities of the assets. 
    
  Changes to the federal statutes related to ITCs and PTCs, which have the effect of reducing or eliminating the credits, could have a negative impact on earnings and cash flows. 
  
   Page   30 

    New Jersey Resources Corporation 
  Part II 
    
  ITEM 7.  MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF 
  OPERATIONS (Continued)                                                                                                                                                                

Environmental Costs 
    
  At the end of each fiscal year, NJNG, with the assistance of an independent consulting firm, updates the environmental review of its MGP sites, including its potential liability for investigation and remedial action. From this review, NJNG estimates expenditures necessary to remediate and monitor these MGP sites. As of   September 30, 2016  , NJNG estimated these expenditures will range from approximately   $143.9 million   to   $231.6 million  . NJNG s estimate of these liabilities is developed from then currently available facts, existing technology and current laws and regulations. 
    
  In accordance with accounting standards for contingencies, NJNG s policy is to record a liability when it is probable that the cost will be incurred and can be reasonably estimated. NJNG will determine a range of liabilities and will record the most likely amount. If no point within the range is more likely than any other, NJNG will accrue the lower end of the range. Since we believe that recovery of these expenditures, as well as related litigation costs, is possible through the regulatory process, we have recorded a regulatory asset corresponding to the related accrued liability. Accordingly, NJNG recorded an MGP remediation liability and a corresponding regulatory asset of   $172 million   on the Consolidated Balance Sheets, which is based on the most likely amount. 
    
  The actual costs to be incurred by NJNG are dependent upon several factors, including final determination of remedial action, changing technologies and governmental regulations, the ultimate ability of other responsible parties to pay, as well as the potential impact of any litigation and any insurance recoveries. As of   September 30, 2016   and   2015  ,   $19.6 million   and   $18.9 million   of previously incurred remediation costs, net of recoveries from customers and insurance proceeds received, are included in regulatory assets on the Consolidated Balance Sheets, respectively. 
    
  If there are changes in the regulatory position surrounding these costs, or should actual expenditures vary significantly from estimates in that these costs are disallowed for recovery by the BPU, such costs would be charged to income in the period of such determination. 
    
  Postemployment Employee Benefits 
    
  NJR s costs of providing postemployment employee benefits are dependent upon numerous factors, including actual plan experience and assumptions of future experience. Postemployment employee benefit costs are impacted by actual employee demographics including age, compensation levels and employment periods, the level of contributions made to the plans, changes in long-term interest rates and the return on plan assets. Changes made to the provisions of the plans or healthcare legislation may also impact current and future postemployment employee benefit costs. Postemployment employee benefit costs may also be significantly affected by changes in key actuarial assumptions, including anticipated rates of return on plan assets, changes in mortality tables, health care cost trends and discount rates used in determining the PBO. In determining the PBO and cost amounts, assumptions can change from period to period and could result in material changes to net postemployment employee benefit periodic costs and the related liability recognized by NJR. 
    
  NJR s postemployment employee benefit plan assets consist primarily of  U.S. equity securities, international equity securities and fixed-income investments, with a targeted allocation of   40 percent  ,   20 percent   and   40 percent  , respectively. Fluctuations in actual market returns, as well as changes in interest rates, may result in increased or decreased postemployment employee benefit costs in future periods. Postemployment employee benefit expenses are included in O M expense on the Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
    
  The following is a summary of a sensitivity analysis for each actuarial assumption: 

Page   31 

    New Jersey Resources Corporation 
  Part II 
    
  ITEM 7.  MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF 
  OPERATIONS (Continued)                                                                                                                                                                

Effective October 1, 2016, the Company changed its approach used to measure the service and interest cost components of its net periodic benefit costs. Previously, the Company estimated service cost and interest cost based on a single weighted-average discount rate from the yield curve used to measure its projected benefit obligation. Effective October 1, 2016, the Company will determine its service and interest cost based upon duration specific spot rates that are aligned to each year s future benefit payments. Under the new approach, net periodic benefit costs will be lower during periods of low interest rates and upward-sloping yield curves. Conversely, in a downward sloping-yield curve environment, costs could increase. Based on the yield curve NJR used to measure its projected benefit obligation as of September 30, 2016, NJR estimates that its net periodic benefit costs will decrease approximately $3.2 million during fiscal 2017 under the new approach. Refer to   Note 10. Employee Benefit Plans   in the accompanying Consolidated Financial Statements, for a further discussion of NJR s change in method. 
    
  Asset Retirement Obligations 
    
  We recognize AROs related to the costs associated with cutting and capping NJNG s main and service gas distribution mains, which is required by New Jersey law when taking such gas distribution mains out of service. We also recognize AROs associated with NJRCEV s solar and wind assets when there are decommissioning provisions in lease agreements that require removal of the asset at the end of the lease term. 
    
  AROs are initially recognized when the legal obligation to retire an asset has been incurred and a reasonable estimate of fair value can be made. The discounted fair value is recognized as an ARO liability with a corresponding amount capitalized as part of the carrying cost of the underlying asset. The obligation is subsequently accreted to the future value of the expected retirement cost and the corresponding asset retirement cost is depreciated over the life of the related asset. Accretion expense associated with NJRCEV s ARO is recognized as a component of operations and maintenance expense on NJR s Consolidated Statements of Operations. Prior to October 1, 2016, accretion amounts associated with NJNG s ARO were not reflected as an expense, but rather were deferred as a regulatory asset and netted against NJNG s regulatory liabilities, for presentation purposes.  Through NJNG s new base rates settlement, effective October 1, 2016, accretion is recognized as part of its depreciation expense and the corresponding regulatory asset and liability will be shown gross on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
    
  Estimating future removal costs requires management to make significant judgments because most of the removal obligations span long time frames and removal may be conditioned upon future events. Asset removal technologies are also constantly changing, which makes it difficult to estimate removal costs. Accordingly, inherent in the estimate of our AROs are various assumptions including the ultimate settlement date, expected cash outflows, inflation rates, credit-adjusted risk-free rates and consideration of potential outcomes where settlement of the ARO can be conditioned upon events. In the latter case, we develop possible retirement scenarios and assign probabilities based on management s reasonable judgment and knowledge of industry practice. Accordingly, AROs are subject to change. 
    
  Recently Issued Accounting Standards 
    
  Refer to   Note 2. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies   in the accompanying Consolidated Financial Statements for discussion of recently issued accounting standards. 

Page   32 

New Jersey Resources Corporation 
  Part II 
    
  ITEM 7.  MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF 
  OPERATIONS (Continued)                                                                                                                                                                

Management     s Overview 
    
  Consolidated 
    
  NJR is an energy services holding company providing retail natural gas service in New Jersey and wholesale natural gas and related energy services to customers in the United States and Canada, through its subsidiaries NJNG and NJRES. In addition, we invest in clean energy projects, midstream assets and provide various repair, sales and installations services. A more detailed description of our organizational structure can be found in   Item 1. Business. 
    
  Business Segments 
    
  We have four primary business segments as presented in the chart below: 

In addition to the four business segments noted above, we have non-utility operations that either provide corporate support services or do not meet management s criteria to be treated as a separate business segment. These operations, which comprise Home Services and Other, include: appliance repair services, sales and installations at NJRHS; energy-related ventures at NJR Energy and commercial real estate holdings at CR R. 

Page   33 

    New Jersey Resources Corporation 
  Part II 
    
  ITEM 7.  MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF 
  OPERATIONS (Continued)                                                                                                                                                                

A summary of our consolidated results in net income and assets by business segment and operations for the fiscal years ended September 30, is as follows: 

(1) 
    Consists of transactions between subsidiaries that are eliminated in consolidation. 
       
  Net Income 
    
  The primary drivers of the changes noted above, which are described in more detail in the individual segment discussions, are discussed below. 
    
  The   decrease   in net income of   $49.3 million   during   fiscal 2016  , compared with   fiscal 2015  , was primarily driven by   a decrease   at NJRES of   $57.8 million   related to   lower   gross margin due primarily to a   decrease   of   $59.7 million   related to changes in the value of financial hedges. The decrease was partially offset by   an increase   of   $8.3 million   at NJRCEV due primarily to operating revenue related to higher SREC and energy and capacity sales, partially offset by increased costs related to depreciation, O M and interest expense. 
    
  The   increase   in net income during   fiscal 2015  , compared with   fiscal 2014  , was primarily driven by higher gross margin     at NJRES   due to   an increase in volumes purchased and sold, an increase related to changes in the value of financial hedges  ,   increased SREC market prices, sales volumes and sales of energy and capacity, as well as an increase in ITCs and PTCs at NJRCEV,    increased utility firm gross margin at NJNG resulting primarily from customer growth   and   increased storage service revenue and demand for hub services   at Steckman Ridge. 
    
  Assets 
    
  The increase in assets during   fiscal 2016   compared with fiscal 2015, was due primarily to additional utility plant expenditures at NJNG and additional solar expenditures at NJRCEV, as well as increased broker margin and gas in storage at   NJRES  . The increase in assets during fiscal 2015 compared with fiscal 2014, was due primarily to additional solar and wind expenditures at Clean Energy Ventures and utility plant expenditures at our Natural Gas Distribution segment, offset by decreases in gas in storage and accounts receivable at Energy Services due primarily to lower commodity prices. 
    
  Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
    
  Management of the Company uses NFE, a non-GAAP financial measure, when evaluating the operating results of the Company.   NJRES   economically hedges its natural gas inventory with financial derivative instruments. NFE is a measure of the earnings based on eliminating timing differences surrounding the recognition of certain gains or losses, to effectively match the earnings effects of the economic hedges with the physical sale of gas and, therefore, eliminates the impact of volatility to GAAP earnings associated with the derivative instruments. To the extent the Company utilizes forwards, futures, or other derivatives to hedge forecasted SREC production, unrealized gains and losses are also eliminated for NFE purposes. 

Page   34 

    New Jersey Resources Corporation 
  Part II 
    
  ITEM 7.  MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF 
  OPERATIONS (Continued)                                                                                                                                                                

Non-GAAP financial measures are not in accordance with, or an alternative to, GAAP and should be considered in addition to, and not as a substitute for or a replacement of, the comparable GAAP measure and should be read in conjunction with those GAAP results. The following is a reconciliation of consolidated net income, the most directly comparable GAAP measure, to NFE: 

(1) 
    Effects of hedging natural gas inventory transactions where the economic impact is realized in a future period. 
       
  NFE by business segment and other operations for the fiscal years ended September 30, discussed in more detail within the operating results sections of each segment, is summarized as follows: 

(1)  
    Consists   of transactions between subsidiaries that are eliminated in consolidation  . 
       
  The   decrease   in NFE during   fiscal 2016  , compared with   fiscal 2015  , was driven primarily by   decreased   financial margin at NJRES due primarily to lower volatility and narrower price spreads resulting from the record warm winter weather primarily across the eastern United States, partially offset by lower taxes and O M, partially offset by higher NFE at NJRCEV due primarily to increase in SREC and energy sales. 
    
  The   decrease   in NFE during   fiscal 2015  , compared with   fiscal 2014  , was driven primarily by   a decrease     at NJRES due  primarily to lower financial margin. Fiscal 2014 experienced   extreme cold weather patterns across the United States, especially in the Midwest, which created market volatility that did not recur to the same degree in fiscal 2015. The decrease was partially offset by higher NFE at NJRCEV, NJNG and our Midstream segment, due to the same factors as previously discussed in the net income section  . 

Natural Gas Distribution Segment 
    
  Overview 
    
  Our Natural Gas Distribution segment is comprised of NJNG, a natural gas utility that provides regulated retail natural gas service in central and northern New Jersey to approximately   521,200   residential and commercial customers in its service territory and also participates in the off-system sales and capacity release markets. The business is subject to various risks, which can negatively impact customer growth, operating and financing costs, fluctuations in commodity prices and customer conservation efforts. These risks include, but are not limited to, adverse economic conditions, customer usage, certain regulatory actions, environmental remediation and severe weather conditions. It is often difficult to predict the impact of events or trends associated with these risks. 
  
   Page   35 

    New Jersey Resources Corporation 
  Part II 
    
  ITEM 7.  MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF 
  OPERATIONS (Continued)                                                                                                                                                                

In addition, NJNG s business is seasonal by nature, as weather conditions directly influence the volume of natural gas delivered to customers on an annual basis. Specifically, customer demand substantially increases during the winter months when natural gas is used for heating purposes. As a result, NJNG receives most of its natural gas distribution revenues during the first and second fiscal quarters and is subject to variations in earnings and working capital during the year. 
    
  As a regulated company, NJNG is required to recognize the impact of regulatory decisions on its financial statements. See   Note 3. Regulation   in the accompanying Consolidated Financial Statements for a more detailed discussion on regulatory actions, including filings related to programs and associated expenditures, as well as rate requests related to recovery of capital investments and operating costs. 
    
  NJNG s operations are managed with the goal of providing safe and reliable service, growing its customer base, diversifying its gross margin, promoting clean energy programs and mitigating the risks discussed above through several key initiatives, including: 

earning a reasonable rate of return on the investments in its natural gas distribution   and transmission businesses  , as well as timely recovery of all prudently incurred costs to provide safe and reliable service throughout NJNG     s territory: 

continuing to invest in the safety and integrity of its infrastructure; 

managing its customer growth rate, which NJNG expects will be approximately   1.6 percent   annually through fiscal 2018; 

maintaining a collaborative relationship with the BPU on regulatory initiatives, including: 
       
  -    planning and authorization of infrastructure investments; 
    
  -    pursuing rate and regulatory strategies to stabilize and decouple margin, including CIP; 
    
  -    utilizing BGSS incentive programs through BPU-approved mechanisms to reduce gas costs and generate margin;  and 
    
  -    administering and promoting NJNG     s BPU-approved SAVEGREEN Project; 

managing the volatility of wholesale natural gas prices through a hedging program designed to keep customers      BGSS rates as stable as possible; and 

working with the NJDEP and BPU to manage its financial obligations related to remediation activities associated with its former MGP sites. 
       
  Base Rate Case 
    
  On   November 13, 2015  , NJNG filed a base rate case petition with the BPU, requesting an increase in base rates in the amount of   $147.6 million  , which was revised on   July 20, 2016   to   $112.9 million  . On   September 23, 2016  , the BPU s decision and order approved the following: 

an increase in base rates in the amount of   $45 million  . The base rate increase includes a return on common equity of   9.75 percent  , a common equity ratio of   52.5 percent   and an increase in the overall depreciation rate from   2.34 percent   to   2.4 percent  ; 

the rate mechanism for recovery of SAFE I capital investments and a five-year extension of SAFE II, effective October 1, 2016. The estimated cost for SAFE II extension, excluding AFUDC, is approximately   $200 million   and related costs to be recovered on an accelerated basis are approximately   $157.5 million  . As a condition of the extension approval, NJNG is required to file a base rate case no later than November 2019; 

rate recovery of NJ RISE capital investment costs through June 30, 2016, and the filing for recovery of future NJ RISE capital investment costs to be recovered, will occur in conjunction with SAFE II, commencing with the rate recovery filing to be submitted in March 2017; 

recovery of NJNG s NGV and LNG plant investments; and 

recovery of other costs previously deferred in regulatory assets over seven years. 
     
   Page   36 

    New Jersey Resources Corporation 
  Part II 
    
  ITEM 7.  MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF 
  OPERATIONS (Continued)                                                                                                                                                                

Infrastructure projects 
    
  NJNG has significant annual capital expenditures associated with the management of its natural gas distribution and transmission system, including new utility plant associated with customer growth and its associated PIM and infrastructure programs. 
    
  Below is a summary of NJNG s capital expenditures, including accruals and estimates for expected investments over the next two fiscal years: 
  
  Estimated capital expenditures are reviewed on a regular basis and may vary based on the ongoing effects of regulatory oversight, environmental regulations, unforeseen events and the ability to access capital. 
    
  SAFE and NJ RISE 
    
  NJNG continues to implement BPU-approved infrastructure projects that are designed to enhance the reliability and integrity of NJNG s gas distribution system. 
    
  NJNG has implemented SAFE I, which permitted NJNG to invest up to   $130 million  , exclusive of AFUDC, to replace portions of its natural gas distribution infrastructure, consisting of unprotected steel and cast iron, over a four-year period. As of   December 31, 2015  , NJNG completed the removal of all cast iron mains throughout its entire service territory. SAFE I was authorized by the BPU to earn an overall weighted average cost of capital of   6.9 percent  , with a return on equity of   9.75 percent  . The BPU approved recovery of SAFE I capital investments through September 30, 2016, and approved the extension of SAFE II for an additional five years to replace the remaining unprotected steel mains and services from its natural gas distribution system at an estimated cost of approximately   $200 million  , excluding AFUDC. The cost recovery methodology for the   $157.5 million   associated with the extension of SAFE II was approved in NJNG s new base rates. Recovery of the remaining costs will be requested in a future filing. 
    
  The BPU approved the recovery of NJNG s NJ RISE capital infrastructure program, which consists of six capital investment projects estimated to cost   $102.5 million  , excluding AFUDC, for gas distribution storm hardening and mitigation projects, along with associated depreciation expense. These system enhancements are intended to minimize service impacts during extreme  
  
   Page   37 

    New Jersey Resources Corporation 
  Part II 
    
  ITEM 7.  MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF 
  OPERATIONS (Continued)                                                                                                                                                                

weather events to customers that live in the most storm prone areas of NJNG s service territory. On   October 15, 2015  , the BPU approved a base rate increase that resulted in a   .07 percent   increase to the average residential heat customer s bill. The increase, effective   November 1, 2015  , recovered investments through July 31, 2015 and earned a weighted average cost of capital of   6.74 percent  , including a return on equity of   9.75 percent  . Recovery of NJ RISE investments through June 30, 2016, is included in NJNG s new base rates effective October 1, 2016. Requests for recovery of future NJ RISE capital investment costs will be in conjunction with SAFE II, commencing with the rate recovery filing to be submitted in March 2017 with a weighted cost of capital of   6.9 percent   including a return on equity of   9.75 percent  . 
    
  NGV Advantage 
    
  In June 2012, the BPU approved a pilot program for NJNG to invest up to   $10 million   to build NGV refueling stations. In addition, the BPU approved a deferred accounting methodology related to the NGV investment costs consistent with NJNG s SAFE I. The NGV program was authorized by the BPU to earn an overall weighted average cost of capital of   7.1 percent  , including a return on equity of   10.3 percent  . A portion of the proceeds from the utilization of the compressed natural gas equipment, along with any available federal and state incentives, will be credited back to customers to offset a portion of the cost of the NGV investment. As of   September 30, 2016  , NJNG has opened all three of its NGV stations to the public and is recovering its costs through base rates effective   October 1, 2016  . 
    
  Liquefaction/LNG 
    
  In June 2016, NJNG s Liquefaction facility became operational and allows NJNG to convert natural gas into LNG to fill NJNG s existing LNG storage tanks. Costs for this project along with other plant upgrades were approximately   $36.5 million   and are being recovered through NJNG s new base rates effective   October 1, 2016  . 
    
  Southern Reliability Link 
    
  The SRL is an approximate 30-mile, 30-inch transmission main designed to support improved system reliability and integrity in the southern portion of NJNG s service territory, estimated to cost between   $175 million   and   $180 million  . The capital investment costs associated with the SRL were initially included for recovery in NJNG s base rate case petition, filed with the BPU on   November 13, 2015  . On   January 27, 2016  , the BPU issued an order approving NJNG s proposed SRL pipeline installation, operation and route selection, as modified by NJNG, including specific requirements regarding permitting, safety and integrity assessment. On   March 18, 2016  , the BPU issued an order designating the SRL route and exempting the SRL from municipal land use ordinances, regulations, permits and license requirements. The two BPU orders have been appealed by third parties. We believe that they will be upheld on appeal. On   May 4, 2016  , NJNG supplemented its base rate case testimony supporting its November 2015 petition, which amended the accounting treatment for the SRL investments and noted that the project would not be completed by December 31, 2016. As construction has not yet commenced, rate treatment for SRL was not included in NJNG s new base rates. NJNG expects to request rate treatment in a future rate proceeding. 
    
  Customer growth 
    
  In conducting NJNG s business, management focuses on factors it believes may have significant influence on its future financial results. NJNG s policy is to work with all stakeholders, including customers, regulators and policymakers, to achieve favorable results. These factors include the rate of NJNG s customer growth in its service territory, which can be influenced by political and regulatory policies, the delivered cost of natural gas compared with competing fuels, interest rates and general economic and business conditions. 
    
  NJNG s total customers as of September 30, include the following: 

Page   38 

    New Jersey Resources Corporation 
  Part II 
    
  ITEM 7.  MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF 
  OPERATIONS (Continued)                                                                                                                                                                

During   fiscal 2016  , NJNG added   8,170   new customers, which represents a new customer growth rate of approximately         1.6 percent  . During that same time period, NJNG converted   644   existing customers to natural gas heat and other services. This customer growth, as well as commercial customers who switched from interruptible to firm natural gas service, will contribute approximately   $5.4 million   annually to utility gross margin. NJNG also added   7,858   and   7,599   new customers and converted   636   and   627   existing customers to natural gas heat and other services during the fiscal years ended   September 30, 2015   and   2014  , respectively. 
    
  In addition, NJNG currently expects to add approximately   24,000 to 27,000   new customers during the three-year period of fiscal   2017   to 2019. Based on information from municipalities and developers, as well as external industry analysts and management s experience, NJNG estimates that approximately   53 percent   of the growth will come from new construction markets and   47 percent   from customer conversions to natural gas from other fuel sources. This new customer and conversion growth would increase utility gross margin under NJNG s base rates by approximately   $5 million   annually, as calculated under NJNG s CIP tariff. See the   Natural Gas Distribution Operating Results   section that follows for a definition and further discussion of utility gross margin. 
    
  SAVEGREEN 
    
  SAVEGREEN conducts home energy audits and provides various grants, incentives and financing alternatives, that are designed to encourage the installation of high efficiency heating and cooling equipment and other energy efficiency upgrades. Depending on the specific incentive or approval, NJNG recovers costs associated with the programs over a two to 10-year period through a tariff rider mechanism. On   July 22, 2015  , the BPU approved NJNG s petition filed in   December 2014  , allowing the extension of SAVEGREEN through   July 31, 2017  , with an additional   $75.2 million   in investments and a weighted average cost of capital of   6.69 percent  . 
    
  On   April 15, 2016  , NJNG filed a petition requesting an extension through   December 31, 2018  , which the BPU approved on   June 29, 2016  . On   October 31, 2016  , the BPU approved NJNG s filing to maintain the existing SAVEGREEN recovery rate. 
    
  Since inception, the BPU has approved total SAVEGREEN investments of approximately   $219.3 million  , of which   $136.6 million   in grants, rebates and loans has been provided to customers, with a total annual recovery of approximately   $20 million  . On   January 27, 2016  , the BPU approved NJNG s   July 2015   petition to maintain its existing SAVEGREEN recovery rate. The recovery includes a weighted average cost of capital that ranges from   6.69 percent  , with a return on equity of   9.75 percent  , to   7.76 percent  , with a return on equity of   10.3 percent  . 
    
  Conservation Incentive Program 
    
  The CIP facilitates normalizing NJNG s utility gross margin for variances not only due to weather but also for other factors affecting customer usage, such as conservation and energy efficiency. Recovery of utility gross margin for the non-weather variance through the CIP is limited to the amount of certain gas supply cost savings achieved and is subject to an annual earnings test. An annual review of the CIP must be filed by June 1, coincident with NJNG s annual BGSS filing, during which NJNG can request rate changes to the CIP. In May 2014, the BPU approved the continuation of the CIP program with no expiration date; however, it is subject to review in the 2017 CIP rate filing. Refer to   Note 3. Regulation - BGSS and CIP   in the accompanying Consolidated Financial Statements, for a discussion of CIP rate actions. 
    
  NJNG s total utility firm gross margin includes the following adjustments related to the CIP mechanism: 

As of   September 30, 2016  , NJNG has   $37 million   in regulatory assets related to CIP to be collected from customers in future periods on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. As of   September 30, 2015  , NJNG had   $5.2 million   in regulatory liabilities related to CIP to be returned to customers in future periods, on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
  
   Page   39 

    New Jersey Resources Corporation 
  Part II 
    
  ITEM 7.  MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF 
  OPERATIONS (Continued)                                                                                                                                                                

Commodity prices 
    
  Our Natural Gas Distribution segment is affected by the price of natural gas, which can have a significant impact on our cash flows, short-term financing costs, the price of natural gas charged to our customers through the BGSS clause, our ability to collect accounts receivable, which impacts our bad debt expense, and our ability to maintain a competitive advantage over other fuel sources. 
    
  Natural gas commodity prices may experience high volatility as shown in the graph below, which illustrates the daily natural gas prices   (1)    in the Northeast market region, also known as Tetco M-3: 
  
  (1)    Data source from Platts, a division of McGraw Hill Financial. 
    
  The maximum daily price was   $4.74  ,   $21.09   and   $81.30   and the minimum daily price was   $0.67  ,   $0.77   and   $1.61   for the fiscal years ended   September 30, 2016  ,   2015   and   2014  , respectively. A more detailed discussion of the impacts of the price of natural gas on operating revenues, gas purchases and cash flows can be found in the   Results of Operations   and   Cash Flow   sections of   Item 7. Management     s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
    
  BGSS 
    
  Recovery of natural gas costs 
    
  NJNG s cost of natural gas is passed through to our customers, without markup, by applying NJNG s authorized BGSS rate to actual therms delivered. There is no utility gross margin associated with BGSS costs; therefore, changes in such costs do not impact NJNG s earnings. NJNG monitors its actual gas costs in comparison to its BGSS rates to manage its cash flows associated with its allowed recovery of natural gas costs, which is facilitated through BPU-approved deferred accounting and the BGSS pricing mechanism. Accordingly, NJNG occasionally adjusts its periodic BGSS rates or can issue credits or refunds, as appropriate, for its residential and small commercial customers when the commodity cost varies from the existing BGSS rate. BGSS rates for its large commercial customers are adjusted monthly based on NYMEX prices. 
    
  On   June 1, 2015  , NJNG filed a petition with the BPU to maintain its existing BGSS rate for its residential and small commercial customers and included a notification of NJNG s intent to provide estimated bill credits during the months of November 2015 through February 2016, as a result of the decline in the wholesale price of natural gas. A total of   $61.6 million   in bill credits were issued during that period. 
  
   Page   40 

    New Jersey Resources Corporation 
  Part II 
    
  ITEM 7.  MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF 
  OPERATIONS (Continued)                                                                                                                                                                

On   June 1, 2016  , NJNG filed a petition to decrease its BGSS rate for residential and small commercial customers and to provide bill credits to be issued during the months of November 2016 through February 2017, as a result of a decline in the wholesale price of natural gas. On   September 16, 2016  , NJNG notified the BPU that the estimated bill credits will be approximately   $48 million  . Refer to   Note 3. Regulation - BGSS and CIP   in the accompanying Consolidated Financial Statements, for a further discussion of NJNG s periodic BGSS rate adjustments and bill credits. 
    
  BGSS Incentive Programs 
    
  NJNG is eligible to receive financial incentives for reducing BGSS costs through a series of utility gross margin-sharing programs that include off-system sales, capacity release and storage incentive programs, and through   October 31, 2015  , the FRM program. The FRM Program was terminated, effective   November 1, 2015  . These programs are designed to encourage better utilization and hedging of NJNG's natural gas supply, transportation and storage assets. Depending on the program, NJNG shares 80 or 85 percent of utility gross margin generated by these programs with firm customers. Should performance of the existing incentives or market conditions warrant, NJNG is permitted to propose a process to re-evaluate and discuss alternative incentive programs annually. On   October 15, 2015  , the BPU issued an order approving NJNG s request to continue the BGSS Incentive Programs with modification to the storage incentive program beginning with the 2015 storage injection period. 
    
  Utility gross margin from incentive programs was   $15 million  ,   $17.7 million   and   $16 million   during the fiscal years ended   September 30, 2016  ,   2015   and   2014  , respectively. A more detailed discussion of the impacts to utility gross margin can be found in the   Natural Gas Distribution Operating Results   section that follows. 
    
  Hedging 
    
  In order to provide relative price stability to its natural gas supply portfolio, NJNG employs a hedging strategy with the goal of having at least 75 percent of the Company s projected winter periodic BGSS gas sales volumes hedged by each November 1 and at least 25 percent of the projected BGSS gas sales hedged for the following April through March period. This is accomplished with the use of various financial instruments including futures, swaps and options used in conjunction with commodity and/or weather-related hedging activity. 
    
  Due to the capital-intensive nature of NJNG s operations and the seasonal nature of its working capital requirements, significant changes in interest rates can impact NJNG s results. In an April 2014 BPU Order, NJNG received regulatory approval to enter into interest rate risk management transactions related to long-term debt securities. On June 1, 2015, NJNG entered into a treasury lock transaction to fix a benchmark treasury rate of 3.26 percent associated with the forecasted-year, $125 million debt issuance expected in May 2018. This forecasted debt issuance coincides with the maturity of NJNG s existing   $125 million  ,   5.6 percent   notes on   May 15, 2018  . The fair value of NJNG s treasury lock agreement is recorded as a component of regulatory assets or liabilities on the Consolidated Balance Sheets since the Company believes that the market value upon settlement will be reflected in future rates. Upon settlement, any gain or loss will be amortized in earnings over the life of the future debt issuance. 
    
  A more detailed discussion of NJNG s debt can be found in the   Liquidity and Capital Resources   and   Cash Flow   sections of   Item 7. Management     s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  . 
    
  Societal Benefits Charge 
    
  USF 
    
  On   June 23, 2016  , NJNG submitted its annual USF compliance filing proposing to increase the statewide USF rate, resulting in a   .2 percent   increase to the average residential heat customer s bill, which was approved by the BPU on   September 23, 2016   and effective   October 1, 2016  . 
    
  Environmental Remediation 
    
  NJNG is responsible for the environmental remediation of five MGP sites, which contain contaminated residues from former gas manufacturing operations that ceased operating at these sites by the mid-1950s and, in some cases, had been discontinued many years earlier. Actual MGP remediation costs may vary from management s estimates due to the developing nature of remediation requirements, regulatory decisions by the NJDEP and related litigation. NJNG reviews these costs at the end of each fiscal year and adjusts its liability and corresponding regulatory asset as necessary to reflect its expected future remediation obligation. Accordingly, NJNG recognized a regulatory asset and an obligation of   $172 million   as of   September 30, 2016  , a   decrease   of   $8.4 million  , compared with the prior fiscal period. NJNG was authorized to recover remediation costs of approximately  
  
   Page   41 

    New Jersey Resources Corporation 
  Part II 
    
  ITEM 7.  MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF 
  OPERATIONS (Continued)                                                                                                                                                                

$8.5 million   annually, which is based on expenditures incurred through   June 30, 2014  . On   December 24, 2015  , NJNG filed an SBC petition with the BPU to increase the RA factor, to decrease the NJCEP factor and to request approval of its remediation expenses incurred through   June 30, 2015  , resulting in an overall decrease of   .8 percent   to the average residential heat customer s bill. On   June 29, 2016  , the BPU approved the Company s request to modify its rates as proposed, effective   July 9, 2016  , with recovery of   $9.4 million   annually related to the SBC RA factor. 
    
  Other 
    
  On   May 20, 2016  , NJNG included a proposal in its base rate case to recover certain capital costs and incremental operation and maintenance costs related to a   March 2016   BPU Order regarding new cybersecurity requirements. This proposal was updated on   July 20, 2016  , and the associated costs were approved for recovery through NJNG s new base rates, effective   October 1, 2016  . 
    
  Interest Rate Risk 
    
  Due to the capital-intensive nature of NJNG s operations and the seasonal nature of its working capital requirements, significant changes in interest rates can impact NJNG s results. A more detailed discussion can be found in the   Liquidity and Capital Resources   and   Cash Flow   sections of   Item 7. Management     s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  . 
    
  Other regulatory filings and a more detailed discussion of the filings in this section can be found in   Note 3. Regulation   in the accompanying Consolidated Financial Statements. 

Operating Results 
    
  The EDECA, which was enacted in 1999, provides the framework for New Jersey s retail energy markets, which are open to competition from other electric and natural gas suppliers. NJNG s residential and commercial markets are currently open to competition, and its rates are segregated between BGSS (i.e., natural gas commodity) and delivery (i.e., transportation) components. NJNG does not earn utility gross margin on the commodity portion of its natural gas sales. NJNG earns utility gross margin through the delivery of natural gas to its customers and, therefore, is not negatively affected by customers who use its transportation service and purchase natural gas from another supplier. Under an existing order from the BPU, BGSS can be provided by suppliers other than the state s natural gas utilities, however, customers who purchase natural gas from another supplier continue to use NJNG for transportation service. 
    
  NJNG s operating results for the fiscal years ended September 30, are as follows:   

           (1) 
    Includes the purchased cost of the natural gas, fees paid to pipelines and storage facilities, adjustments as a result of BGSS incentive programs and hedging transactions. These expenses are passed through to customers and are offset by corresponding revenues. 
               (3) 
    Consists primarily of sales tax, which is passed through to customers and offset by corresponding revenues. 
              (4) 
    Consists of expenses associated with state-mandated programs, the RA and energy efficiency programs and are calculated on a per-therm basis. These expenses are passed through to customers and offset by corresponding revenues. 

Page   42 

    New Jersey Resources Corporation 
  Part II 
    
  ITEM 7.  MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF 
  OPERATIONS (Continued)                                                                                                                                                                

Operating Revenues and Gas Purchases 
    
  Operating revenues   decreased     24 percent   during   fiscal 2016   and   decreased     4.6 percent   during   fiscal 2015  . Gas purchases   decreased     39.3 percent   during   fiscal 2016   and   decreased     11.6 percent   during   fiscal 2015  . 
    
  The factors contributing to the increases (decreases) in operating revenues and gas purchases during   fiscal 2016   and   2015  , are as follows: 

(2) 
    Other includes changes in rider rates, including those related to NJCEP and other programs. 
       
  Fiscal   2016   compared with   fiscal 2015 
    
  The decreases in operating revenues and gas purchases during fiscal   2016   were due primarily to: 

decreased firm sales due primarily to lower usage related to weather being   22.9 percent     warmer  ; 

bill credits issued to residential and small commercial customers effective November 1, 2015, that were not issued during fiscal 2015; 

lower   off-system sales due primarily to a   38.3 percent     decrease   in the average price of gas sold, partially offset by a   18.4 percent     increase   in volumes  ; 

a decrease in rider revenues, categorized in other, due primarily to a   36.3 percent   decrease in rates and a   18.5 percent   decrease in usage; partially offset by 

an   increase   in CIP adjustments of   $36.8 million     related to weather and   $7.3 million     related to usage. 
       
  Fiscal   2015   compared with   fiscal 2014 
    
  The decreases in operating revenue during   fiscal 2015   were due primarily to: 

lower BGSS rates due to the BPU-approved October 2014 decrease of   5 percent  , to the average residential heat customer s bill; 

lower   off-system sales due primarily to a   51.9 percent   decrease in the average price of gas sold, partially offset by a   76.8 percent   increase in volumes; 

a decrease in CIP adjustments of   $2.3 million   related primarily to usage; partially offset by 

increased firm sales due to the transfer of customers from transportation, as well as customer growth. 

Page   43 

    New Jersey Resources Corporation 
  Part II 
    
  ITEM 7.  MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF 
  OPERATIONS (Continued)                                                                                                                                                                

Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
    
  Management uses utility gross margin, a non-GAAP financial measure, when evaluating the operating results of NJNG. NJNG s utility gross margin is defined as natural gas revenues less natural gas purchases, sales tax, and regulatory rider expenses, and may not be comparable to the definition of gross margin used by others in the natural gas distribution business and other industries. Management believes that utility gross margin provides a meaningful basis for evaluating utility operations since    natural gas costs, sales tax and regulatory rider expenses are included in operating revenue and passed through to customers and, therefore, have no effect on utility gross margin. Non-GAAP financial measures are not in accordance with, or an alternative to, GAAP and should be considered in addition to, and not as a substitute for, the comparable GAAP measure. 
    
  Utility Gross Margin 
    
  A reconciliation of operating revenues, the closest GAAP financial measure, to NJNG s utility gross margin is as follows for the fiscal years ended   September 30  : 

Utility gross margin consists of three components: 

utility firm gross margin generated from only the delivery component of either a sales tariff or a transportation tariff from residential and commercial customers who receive natural gas service from NJNG; 

BGSS incentive programs, where revenues generated or savings achieved from BPU-approved off-system sales, capacity release, FRM or storage incentive programs are shared between customers and NJNG; and 

utility gross margin generated from off-tariff customers, as well as interruptible customers. 
       
  The following provides more information on the components of utility gross margin and associated throughput (Bcf) of natural gas delivered to customers: 

(1) 
    As of December 2014, margin includes a BPU approved off-tariff agreement with TAQA Gen-X, LLC. 
       
  Utility Firm Gross Margin 
    
  A description of the factors contributing to the increases in utility firm gross margin during   fiscal 2016   and   2015  , are as follows: 

Page   44 

    New Jersey Resources Corporation 
  Part II 
    
  ITEM 7.  MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF 
  OPERATIONS (Continued)                                                                                                                                                                

BGSS Incentive Programs 
    
  A description of the factors contributing to the (decreases) increases in utility gross margin generated by NJNG s BGSS incentive programs during   fiscal 2016   and   2015  , are as follows: 

Fiscal   2016   compared with   fiscal 2015 
    
  The decrease in utility gross margin generated by NJNG s BGSS incentive programs was due primarily to decreased margins in the storage incentive program due primarily to higher cost at injection point, as well as decreases in capacity release and off system sales due primarily to a decrease in the value of capacity. The decrease in off-system sales was also driven by a decrease in the average price of gas sold, partially offset by an increase in volumes. The FRM Program was terminated effective   November 1, 2015  . 
    
  Fiscal   2015   compared with   fiscal 2014 
    
  The increase in utility gross margin generated by NJNG s BGSS incentive programs was due primarily to an increase in capacity release value, partially offset by a decrease in the storage incentive program, as well as a decrease in off-system sales due primarily to a decrease in the average price of gas sold, offset by an increase in volumes. 
    
  Operation and Maintenance Expense 
    
  A summary and description of the factors contributing to the increases (decreases) in O M expense during   fiscal 2016   and   2015  , are as follows: 

Fiscal   2016   compared with   fiscal 2015 
    
  The increase in O M expense during fiscal   2016   was due primarily to: 

increased shared corporate costs resulting primarily from increased head count and healthcare premiums, as well as increased temporary staffing and consulting services; 

increased compensation costs at NJNG due primarily to increased head count and healthcare premiums, partially offset by reduced pension expense due to an increase in expected return on assets associated with a   $30 million   discretionary contribution in November 2015; partially offset by 

lower consulting costs due primarily to reduced software maintenance and tax audit expenses; 

lower bad debt expense due primarily to a decrease in write-offs of customer receivables; and 

lower maintenance and repairs due primarily to the much warmer winter weather in fiscal   2016   compared with   fiscal 2015  . 
     
   Page   45 

    New Jersey Resources Corporation 
  Part II 
    
  ITEM 7.  MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF 
  OPERATIONS (Continued)                                                                                                                                                                

Fiscal   2015   compared with   fiscal 2014 
    
  The increase in O M expense during fiscal   2015   was due primarily to: 

increased shared corporate costs; 

increased maintenance and repair costs due primarily to increased contractor expense and increased software maintenance costs; and 

increased compensation as a result of additional complement and overtime, partially offset by decreased incentives as well as decreased pension costs related to a voluntary early retirement program in fiscal 2014 that did not recur in fiscal 2015; partially offset by 

a decrease in consulting expenses due to reduced tax, customer service and technical consulting. 
       
  Operating Income 
    
  Operating income   decreased     $3.8 million  , or   2.9 percent  , in   fiscal 2016  , compared with   fiscal 2015  , due primarily to the increases in   depreciation and O M, partially offset by the   increase   in total utility gross margin of   $1.9 million  , as previously discussed. 
    
  Operating income   increased     $2.6 million  , or   2.1 percent  , in   fiscal 2015  , compared with   fiscal 2014  , due primarily to the   increase in total utility gross margin of   $10.2 million  , as previously discussed, partially offset by a     $2.5 million   increase in   depreciation expense   as a result of additional utility plant being placed into service   along with the increase in O M expense, as previously discussed. 
    
  Income Tax Provision 
    
  Income tax provision   decreased     $4.6 million   during   fiscal 2016  , compared with   fiscal 2015  , due primarily to: 

a decrease in pre-tax income; 

the revaluation of the deferred tax liability in   fiscal 2015  ; 

a change in the method of accounting for equity compensation due to the adoption of   ASU 2016-09, which resulted in the recognition of excess tax benefits related to vested stock compensation for which the tax deduction exceeded the associated expense. See   Note 2. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies - Recently Adopted Updates to the Accounting Standards Codification   in the accompanying Consolidated Financial Statements for a more detailed discussion; and 

an increase in costs associated with the removal of distribution main that was placed into service prior to 1981, for which the tax benefit is passed on to customers in base rates. 
       
  Income tax provision   increased     $170,000   during   fiscal 2015  , compared with   fiscal 2014  , due primarily to   a revaluation of the deferred tax liability related to an increase in the apportioned state tax rate, partially offset by the tax benefits related to AFUDC and   an increase in costs associated with the removal of distribution main that was placed into service prior to 1981. 
    
  Net Income 
    
  Net income   decreased     $183,000   to   $76.1 million   in   fiscal 2016  , compared with   fiscal 2015  , due primarily to a decrease in operating income as discussed above, an increase in   interest expense associated with higher long-term debt outstanding, partially offset by   a decrease   in the income tax provision   as discussed above and an increase in other income related to AFUDC interest earned on infrastructure projects. 
    
  Net income   increased     $2.1 million   to   $76.3 million   in   fiscal 2015  , compared with   fiscal 2014  , due primarily to the   increase in operating income as discussed above and   an increase in other income, net, due primarily to AFUDC related to infrastructure projects. The increases were partially offset by higher   interest expense associated with increased long-term debt outstanding and income tax provision   as discussed above  . 
  
   Page   46 

New Jersey Resources Corporation 
  Part II 
    
  ITEM 7.  MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF 
  OPERATIONS (Continued)                                                                                                                                                                

Clean Energy Ventures Segment 
    
  Overview 
    
  Our Clean Energy Ventures segment actively pursues opportunities in the clean energy markets, including solar and onshore wind. Clean Energy Ventures has entered into various agreements to install solar net-metered systems for residential and commercial customers, as well as large commercial grid-connected projects. In addition, Clean Energy Ventures has entered into various long-term agreements, including PPAs, to supply energy from wind and solar projects. 
    
  Solar 
    
  Solar projects and related ITC eligible expenditures for the fiscal years ended September 30, are as follows: 

(1) 
    Represents the portion of capital expenditures eligible for ITCs. 
       
  Since its inception, Clean Energy Ventures has constructed a total of   149.7   MW of solar capacity that has qualified for ITC and has an additional   .7   MW under construction. We estimate total solar-related capital expenditures for ITC eligible projects during   fiscal 2017   to be between   $80 million   and   $100 million  . 
    
  As part of its solar investment portfolio, NJRCEV operates a residential solar program, The Sunlight Advantage , that provides qualifying homeowners the opportunity to have a solar system installed at their home with no installation or maintenance expenses. NJRCEV owns, operates and maintains the system over the life of the contract in exchange for monthly lease payments. 
    
  Once a solar installation has received the proper certifications and commences operations, each MWh of electricity produced creates an SREC that represents the renewable energy attribute of the solar-electricity generated that can be sold to third parties, predominantly load-serving entities that are required to comply with the solar requirements under New Jersey s renewable portfolio standard. In addition, under the recently updated federal tax guidelines, projects that are placed in service through December 31, 2019, qualify for a 30 percent federal ITC. The credit will decline to 26 percent for property under construction during 2020 and to 22 percent for property under construction during 2021. The ITC will be reduced to 10 percent for any property that is under construction before 2022, but not placed in service before 2024. 
    
  SREC activity for the fiscal years ended September 30, is as follows: 

NJRCEV hedges a portion of its expected SREC production through the use of forward sales contracts. The following table reflects the hedged percentage of SREC inventory and projected SREC production related to its in-service commercial and residential assets: 

Page   47 

    New Jersey Resources Corporation 
  Part II 
    
  ITEM 7.  MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF 
  OPERATIONS (Continued)                                                                                                                                                                

Onshore Wind 
    
  Clean Energy Ventures invests in small to mid-size onshore wind projects that fit its investment profile, including the following as of   September 30, 2016  : 

an   $84 million  ,   39.9   MW project in Somerset County, Pennsylvania that is currently under construction and is expected to be completed in the first quarter of fiscal 2017. 
       
  The wind projects are   eligible for   PTCs for a 10-year period following commencement of operations and have PPAs of various terms in place, which typically govern the sale of energy, capacity and/or renewable energy credits. 
    
  Clean Energy Ventures  investments are subject to a variety of factors, such as timing of construction schedules, permitting and regulatory processes, volatility of energy prices, the ability to secure PPAs, delays related to electric grid interconnection, which can affect our ability to commence operations on a timely basis or at all, economic trends, the ability to access capital or allocation of capital to other investments or business opportunities and other unforeseen events. Solar projects not placed in service, as originally planned prior to the end of a reporting period, may result in a failure to qualify for ITCs and changes in prices on the unhedged portion of SREC production could have a significant adverse impact on earnings with some offset expected from higher wind energy market prices due to the PTC phase out and/or improved efficiencies from lower costs for related turbine technology. 
    
   Wind projects for which construction of a facility begins after December 31, 2016 through December 31, 2019, will be subject to reduced PTCs, and could have a significant adverse impact on 10 years of forward earnings. PTCs will be phased out from 100 percent in 2016 to 80 percent in 2017, 60 percent in 2018, 40 percent in 2019 and zero thereafter. In addition, since the primary contributors toward the value of qualifying clean energy projects are tax incentives and SRECs, changes in the federal statutes related to the ITC or PTC or in the marketplace and/or relevant legislation surrounding renewable clean energy credits, could also significantly affect earnings. 
    
  Operating Results 
    
  NJRCEV s financial results for the fiscal years ended September 30, are summarized as follows:   

Page   48 

    New Jersey Resources Corporation 
  Part II 
    
  ITEM 7.  MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF 
  OPERATIONS (Continued)                                                                                                                                                                

Operating Revenues 
    
  Operating revenues for the fiscal years ended September 30, consisted of the following: 
  
  The average SREC sales price was   $214   in   fiscal 2016  ,   $183   in   fiscal 2015   and   $152   in   fiscal 2014  . 
    
  There are no direct costs associated with the production of SRECs/RECs by our solar and wind assets. All related costs are included as a component of O M expenses on the Consolidated Statements of Operations, including such expenses as facility maintenance and various fees. 
    
  Operation and Maintenance Expense 
    
  O M expense   increased     $3.6 million   during   fiscal 2016  , compared with   fiscal 2015  , due primarily to additional maintenance and lease costs associated with wind and solar projects placed in service   as well as higher   shared services costs. 
    
  O M expense   increased     $4.6 million   during   fiscal 2015  , compared with   fiscal 2014  , due primarily to additional maintenance, leasing and administrative costs associated with wind and solar projects placed in service  ,   increased shared corporate costs and increases in compensation and incentives. 
    
  Depreciation Expense 
    
  Depreciation expense increased   $6.7 million   in   fiscal 2016   and   $6 million   in   fiscal 2015  , as a result of increases in solar and wind capital additions. 
    
  Income Tax (Benefit) 
    
  Income tax benefit during   fiscal 2016  ,   2015   and   2014  , includes   $25.7 million  ,   $27.8 million   and   $22.6 million   respectively, of ITCs associated with solar projects that were completed and placed into service during the corresponding fiscal year. Income tax benefit during   fiscal 2016  ,   2015   and   2014   includes   $6.7 million   and   $2 million  , and   $137,000   respectively, of PTCs associated with wind projects. NJRCEV recognized   $27 million  ,   $24.1 million  , and   $18.1 million   related to tax credits, net of deferred taxes, during   fiscal 2016  ,   2015   and   2014  , respectively  . 

Page   49 

    New Jersey Resources Corporation 
  Part II 
    
  ITEM 7.  MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF 
  OPERATIONS (Continued)                                                                                                                                                                

Net Income 
    
  Net income in   fiscal 2016     increased     $8.3 million  , compared with   fiscal 2015  , due primarily to the factors described above, partially offset by an increase in interest expense due to higher debt associated with capital expenditures. 
    
  Net income during   fiscal 2015     increased     $7.4 million  , compared with   fiscal 2014  , due primarily to the factors described above, as well as the following: 

an increase in ITCs due to an increase in solar capital expenditures placed into service; and 

increased PTCs due primarily to an increase in MW placed in service and related wind production  ; partially offset by 

an increase in interest expense due to higher debt associated with its capital expenditures; and 

a decrease in other income, net, which was due primarily to the receipt of a one-time credit support payment related to a change in ownership at the site of one of NJRCEV s commercial solar projects in fiscal 2014, offset by the gain on the sale of its investment in OwnEnergy during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2015. 

Energy Services Segment 
    
  Overview 
    
  NJRES markets and sells natural gas to wholesale customers and manages natural gas storage and transportation assets throughout major market areas across North America. NJRES maintains a strategic portfolio of natural gas storage and transportation contracts that it utilizes in conjunction with its market expertise to provide service and value to its customers. Availability of these storage and transportation contracts from a time and location perspective allows NJRES to generate market opportunities by capturing price differentials over specific time horizons and between geographic market locations. 
    
  NJRES also provides management of storage and transportation assets for natural gas producers and regulated utilities. These management transactions typically involve the release of producer/utility owned storage and/or transportation capacity in combination with either an obligation to purchase and/or deliver physical natural gas. In addition to the contractual purchase and/or sale of physical natural gas, NJRES generates or pays fee-based margin in exchange for its active management and may provide the producer and/or utility with additional margin based on actual results. 
    
  In conjunction with the active management of these contracts, NJRES generates financial margin by identifying market opportunities and simultaneously entering into natural gas purchase/sale, storage or transportation contracts and financial derivative contracts. In cases where storage is utilized to fulfill these contracts, these forecast sales and/or purchases are economically hedged through the use of financial derivative contracts. The financial derivative contracts consist primarily of exchange-traded futures, options, and swap contracts, and are frequently used to lock in anticipated transactional cash flows and to help manage volatility in natural gas market prices. Generally, when its storage and transportation contracts are exposed to periods of increased market volatility, NJRES is able to implement strategies that allow them to capture margin by improving the respective time or geographic spreads on a forward basis. 
    
  NJRES accounts for its physical commodity contracts and its financial derivative instruments at fair value on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Changes in the fair value of physical commodity contracts and financial derivative instruments are included in earnings as a component of operating revenue and/or gas purchases, and gas purchases, respectively, on the Consolidated Statements of Operations. Volatility in reported net income at NJRES can occur over periods of time due to changes in the fair value of derivatives, as well as timing differences related to certain transactions. Unrealized gains and losses can fluctuate as a result of changes in the price of natural gas, SRECs and foreign currency from the original transaction price compared with the market price of natural gas at each reporting date. Volatility in earnings can also occur as a result of timing differences between the settlement of financial derivatives and the sale of the underlying physical commodity. For example, when a financial instrument settles and the physical natural gas is injected into inventory, the realized gains and losses associated with the financial instrument are recognized in earnings. However, the gains and losses associated with the physical natural gas are not recognized in earnings until the natural gas inventory is withdrawn, at which time NJRES realizes the entire margin on the transaction. 

Page   50 

    New Jersey Resources Corporation 
  Part II 
    
  ITEM 7.  MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF 
  OPERATIONS (Continued)                                                                                                                                                                

Operating Results 
    
  NJRES  financial results for the fiscal years ended September 30, are summarized as follows: 

(2) 
    Costs associated with pipeline and storage capacity that are expensed over the term of the related contracts, which generally varies from less than one year to 10 years. 
        
  As of   September 30,   NJRES  portfolio of financial derivative instruments are composed of: 

Operating Revenues and Gas Purchases 
    
  During   fiscal 2016  , operating revenues   decreased     $737.1 million   and gas purchases   decreased     $641.8 million  ,   due primarily to   decrease   of   $59.7 million   related to changes in the value of financial hedges, as well as a   decrease   of approximately   26.5 percent   in average gas prices, as well as a   12.1 percent     decrease   in sales volumes. The price decreases were related to the warm winter weather, primarily across the eastern United States, during   fiscal 2016   compared with   fiscal 2015  . 
    
  During   fiscal 2015  , operating revenues   decreased     $996.5 million   and gas purchases   decreased     $1 billion   due primarily to a decrease in average gas prices, partially offset by   an increase   of   $68.7 million   in unrealized gains and losses on derivative instruments and related transactions as a result of timing differences in the settlement of certain economic hedges along with an increase in volumes purchased and sold. 
    
  Future results at NJRES are contingent upon natural gas market price volatility driven by variations in both the supply and demand balances caused by weather and other factors. As a result, variations in weather patterns in the key market areas served may affect earnings during the fiscal year. Changes in market fundamentals, such as an increase in supply and decrease in demand due to milder temperatures, and reduced volatility, can negatively impact NJRES  earnings. See   Item 7. Management     s Discussion and Analysis     of Financial Condition and Results of Operations - Natural Gas Distribution Segment   for     Tetco M-3 Daily Prices, which illustrates the daily natural gas prices in the Northeast market region. 
    
  Gross Margin 
    
  Gross margin during   fiscal 2016   was   lower   by approximately   $95.2 million  , compared with   fiscal 2015  , due primarily to the   decrease  s in the fair value of financial derivatives, average natural gas prices and sales volumes as previously discussed. Gross margin during   fiscal 2015   was   higher   by approximately   $22.1 million  , compared with   fiscal 2014  , due primarily to an increase in volumes of  natural gas purchased and sold and   an increase   of   $103.5 million   related to changes in the fair value of financial derivatives, partially offset by a   decrease   in average gas prices. 

Page   51 

    New Jersey Resources Corporation 
  Part II 
    
  ITEM 7.  MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF 
  OPERATIONS (Continued)                                                                                                                                                                

Operation and Maintenance Expense 
    
  O M expense   decreased     $5.4 million  , or   21.2 percent  , during   fiscal 2016  , compared with   fiscal 2015  , due primarily to decreases in incentive compensation, charitable donations and shared services costs. O M expense   decreased     $17.2 million  , or   40.4 percent  , during   fiscal 2015  , compared with   fiscal 2014  , due primarily to decreases in incentive compensation and shared services costs. 
    
  Net Income 
    
  Net income   decreased     $57.8 million   during   fiscal 2016  , compared with   fiscal 2015  , due primarily to   lower   gross margin, partially offset by the related decrease in income tax expense and the decrease in O M. Net income   increased     $27.7 million   during   fiscal 2015  , compared with   fiscal 2014  , due primarily to the increase in gross margin and the decrease in O M expense discussed above, partially offset by increased income tax expense related to the increase in gross margin. 
    
  Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
    
  Management uses financial margin and NFE, non-GAAP financial measures, when evaluating the operating results of  NJRES. Financial margin and NFE are based on removing timing differences associated with certain derivative instruments, as discussed above. Management views these measures as representative of the overall expected economic result and uses these measures to compare NJRES  results against established benchmarks and earnings targets as these measures eliminate the impact of volatility on GAAP earnings as a result of timing differences associated with the settlement of derivative instruments. To the extent that there are unanticipated impacts from changes in the market value related to the effectiveness of economic hedges, NJRES  actual non-GAAP results can differ from the results anticipated at the outset of the transaction. Non-GAAP financial measures are not in accordance with, or an alternative to, GAAP and should be considered in addition to, and not as a substitute for, the comparable GAAP measure. 
    
  When NJRES reconciles the most directly comparable GAAP measure to both financial margin and NFE, the current period unrealized gains and losses on derivatives are excluded as a reconciling item. Financial margin and NFE also exclude the effects of economic hedging of the value of our natural gas in storage and, therefore, only include realized gains and losses related to natural gas withdrawn from storage, effectively matching the full earnings effects of the derivatives with realized margins on the related physical gas flows. 
    
  Financial Margin 
    
  The following table is a computation of NJRES  financial margin for the fiscal years ended   September 30  : 

(2) 
    Effects of hedging natural gas inventory transactions where the economic impact is realized in a future period. 

Page   52 

    New Jersey Resources Corporation 
  Part II 
    
  ITEM 7.  MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF 
  OPERATIONS (Continued)                                                                                                                                                                

A reconciliation of operating income, the closest GAAP financial measure to NJRES  financial margin, is as follows for the fiscal years ended   September 30  : 

Financial margin   decreased     $35.6 million   during   fiscal 2016  , compared with   fiscal 2015  , due primarily to lower volatility and narrower price spreads resulting from the warmer weather and fewer market opportunities, as previously discussed. 
    
  Financial margin   decreased     $81.5 million   during   fiscal 2015  , compared with   fiscal 2014  , due primarily to greater market volatility during fiscal 2014 resulting from the extreme cold weather patterns experienced across the U.S., especially in the Midwest, which did not recur to the same extent during fiscal 2015 resulting in   lower   average natural gas prices, partially offset by higher sales volumes. 
    
  Net Financial Earnings 
    
  A reconciliation of NJRES  net income (loss), the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure to NFE, is as follows for the fiscal years ended   September 30  : 

NFE   decreased     $20.2 million   during   fiscal 2016  , compared with   fiscal 2015  , due primarily to the   decreased   financial margin of   $35.6 million  , partially offset by lower taxes and O M, as previously discussed. NFE   decreased     $37.6 million   during   fiscal 2015  , compared with   fiscal 2014  , due primarily to   a decrease   in financial margin of   $81.5 million  , partially offset by lower O M and income taxes related to the decrease in financial margin, as previously discussed. 
    
  Future results are subject to NJRES  ability to expand its wholesale sales and service activities and are contingent upon many other factors, including an adequate number of appropriate and credit qualified counterparties in an active and liquid natural marketplace, volatility in the natural gas market due to weather or other fundamental market factors impacting supply and/or demand, transportation, storage and/or other market arbitrage opportunities, sufficient liquidity in the overall energy trading market, and continued access to liquidity in the capital markets. 

Page   53 

New Jersey Resources Corporation 
  Part II 
    
  ITEM 7.  MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF 
  OPERATIONS (Continued)                                                                                                                                                                

Midstream Segment 
    
  Overview 
    
  Our Midstream segment invests in natural gas assets, such as natural gas transportation and storage facilities. We believe that acquiring, owning and developing these midstream assets, which operate under a tariff structure that has either regulated or market-based rates, can provide a growth opportunity for us. To that end, we have a   50 percent   ownership interest in Steckman Ridge, a storage facility that operates under market-based rates and a   20 percent   ownership interest in PennEast, a natural gas pipeline, which we estimate will be completed and operational by   the first quarter of fiscal 2019  . As of   September 30, 2016  , our net investments in Steckman Ridge and PennEast were   $123.2 million   and   $18 million  , respectively. 
    
  During fiscal 2015, NJR Midstream Holdings Corporation,   through its subsidiary, NJNR Pipeline Company, also held a   5.53 percent   ownership interest in Iroquois.   On   September 29, 2015  , NJNR Pipeline Company exchanged   its ownership interest in Iroquois with Dominion Midstream Partners, L.P. for   1.84 million   DM Common Units, with a market value totaling   $46.1 million  . The exchange generated a pre-tax gain of   $24.6 million   that is recognized as a component of deferred revenue and gains on the Consolidated Balance Sheets and will be recognized into income if and when the partnership units are sold in the future. See   Note 2. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies - Available for Sale Securities   in the accompanying Consolidated Financial Statements for a more detailed discussion. 
    
  Operating Results 
    
  The financial results of our Midstream segment for the fiscal years ended   September 30  , are summarized as follows: 

Equity in earnings of affiliates are driven primarily by storage revenues generated by Steckman Ridge and through   September 29, 2015  , transportation revenues generated by Iroquois. Equity in earnings of affiliates, is as follows for the fiscal years ended   September 30  : 

Equity in earnings of affiliates   decreased     $3.6 million   during   fiscal 2016  , compared with   fiscal 2015  , due primarily to the   exchange   of our ownership interest in Iroquois during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2015, partially offset by increases in storage service revenue and demand for hub services at Steckman Ridge. Equity in earnings of affiliates   increased     $3.4 million   during   fiscal 2015  , compared with fiscal 2014, due primarily to increases in storage service revenue and demand for hub services at Steckman Ridge. 
    
  O M expense remained relatively flat during   fiscal 2016  , compared with   fiscal 2015  . O M expense   increased     $276,000   during   fiscal 2015  , compared with   fiscal 2014  , due primarily to increased charitable donations. 
    
  Other income increased   $2.2 million   during   fiscal 2016  , compared with   fiscal 2015  , due primarily to dividend income of $1.6 million from the DM Common Units. Other income remained relatively flat during   fiscal 2015  , compared with fiscal 2014. 
  
   Page   54 

    New Jersey Resources Corporation 
  Part II 
    
  ITEM 7.  MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF 
  OPERATIONS (Continued)                                                                                                                                                                

Interest expense, net   decreased     $430,000   during   fiscal 2016  , compared with   fiscal 2015  , and   decreased     $679,000   during    fiscal 2015  , compared with   fiscal 2014  , due primarily to proceeds generated by our investments that are being used to reduce intercompany loans. 
    
  The income tax provision   decreased     $719,000   during   fiscal 2016  , compared with   fiscal 2015  , due primarily to the decrease in equity in earnings of affiliates, as discussed above. The income tax provision   increased     $1.6 million   during    fiscal 2015  , compared with   fiscal 2014  , due primarily to the increase in equity in earnings of affiliates, as discussed above. 
    
  Net income in   fiscal 2016     decreased     $374,000  , compared with   fiscal 2015  , due primarily to the decrease in equity in earnings of affiliates, partially offset by the increase in other income and the decreases in the income tax provision and interest expense, net. Net income   increased     $2.3 million   in   fiscal 2015  , compared with   fiscal 2014  , due primarily to the increase in equity in earnings of affiliates and the decrease in interest expense, net, partially offset by the increase in O M expenses. 

Home Services and Other Operations 
    
  Overview 
    
  The financial results of Home Services and Other consist primarily of the operating results of NJRHS, CR R, and NJR Energy. NJRHS provides service, sales and installation of appliances to approximately   114,000   service contract customers and has been focused on growing its installation business and expanding its service contract customer base. CR R seeks additional opportunities to enhance the value of its building and undeveloped land. NJR Energy invests in other energy-related ventures. Home Services and Other also includes organizational expenses incurred at NJR. 
    
  Operating Results 
    
  The consolidated financial results of Home Services and Other for the fiscal years ended September 30, are summarized as follows: 

Operating revenue   decreased     $206,000   during   fiscal 2016  , compared with   fiscal 2015  , due primarily to a decrease in heating equipment installations and generator sales at NJRHS resulting from warmer weather, partially offset by increased solar installations and increased contract revenue as a result of existing customers upgrading to the total comfort and platinum comfort plans and expanded service contract product line. Operating revenue   increased     $2 million   during   fiscal 2015  , compared with   fiscal 2014  , due primarily to increased contract revenue at NJRHS as a result of existing customers upgrading to the premier plan and expanded service contract product line, as well as increased solar installations, partially offset by a decrease in generator sales and installations. 
    
  O M expense   increased     $505,000   during   fiscal 2016  , compared with   fiscal 2015  , due primarily to increases at NJRHS related to solar installations, advertising and shared corporate costs. O M expense   increased     $2.1 million   during   fiscal 2015  , compared with   fiscal 2014  , due primarily to increased shared corporate costs as well as increased advertising and solar installations expenses at NJRHS, partially offset by decreased generator installation expense. 
    
  Energy and other taxes remained relatively flat during   fiscal 2016  , compared with   fiscal 2015  . Energy and other taxes   increased     $307,000   during   fiscal 2015  , compared with   fiscal 2014  , due primarily to increased payroll taxes. 
    
  Income taxes   decreased     $164,000   during   fiscal 2016  , compared with   fiscal 2015  , due primarily to the decrease in operating revenues and the increase in O M at NJRHS, as previously discussed. Income taxes   decreased     $909,000   during   fiscal 2015  , compared with   fiscal 2014  , due primarily to a prior year reserve adjustment at NJR. 

Page   55 

    New Jersey Resources Corporation 
  Part II 
    
  ITEM 7.  MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF 
  OPERATIONS (Continued)                                                                                                                                                                

Net income   decreased     $538,000   during   fiscal 2016  , compared with   fiscal 2015  , due primarily to the decrease in operating revenues and the increase in O M, partially offset by the decrease in income taxes, as discussed above. Net income during   fiscal 2015     increased     $622,000  , compared with   fiscal 2014  , due primarily to the factors noted above, partially offset by an after tax gain of   $186,000   during fiscal 2014 associated with the sale of   25.4   acres of undeveloped land at CR R. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 
    
  Our objective is to maintain an efficient consolidated capital structure that reflects the different characteristics of each business segment and business operations and provides adequate financial flexibility for accessing capital markets as required. 
    
  Our consolidated capital structure at September 30, was as follows: 

Common Stock Equity 
    
  We satisfy our external common equity requirements, if any, through issuances of our common stock, including the proceeds from stock issuances under our DRP. The DRP allows us, at our option, to use treasury shares or newly issued shares to raise capital. On December 14, 2015, we registered an additional 5 million shares of our common stock for issuance under the DRP.  We raised   $16 million   and   $16.7 million   of equity through the DRP by issuing approximately   471,000   and   588,000   shares of treasury stock during   fiscal 2016   and   2015  , respectively. During   fiscal 2015  , we also raised approximately   $19.8 million   of equity by issuing approximately   688,000   new shares through the waiver discount feature of the DRP. We issued no new shares through the waiver discount feature during   fiscal 2016  . 
    
  In 1996, the Board of Directors authorized us to implement a share repurchase program, which was expanded seven times since the inception of the program, authorizing a total of   19.5 million   shares of common stock for repurchase. As of   September 30, 2016  , we have repurchased a total of approximately   17 million   shares and may repurchase an additional   2.5 million   shares under the approved program. There were   126,600   and   348,200   shares of common stock shares repurchased during   fiscal 2016   and   2015  , respectively. 
    
  Debt 
    
  NJR and its unregulated subsidiaries generally rely on cash flows generated from operating activities and the utilization of committed credit facilities to provide liquidity to meet working capital and short-term debt financing requirements. NJNG also relies on the issuance of commercial paper for short-term funding. NJR and NJNG periodically access the capital markets to fund long-life assets through the issuance of long-term debt securities. 
    
  We believe that our existing borrowing availability, equity proceeds and cash flow from operations will be sufficient to satisfy our and our subsidiaries  working capital, capital expenditures and dividend requirements for the next 12 months. NJR, NJNG, NJRCEV and NJRES currently anticipate that each of their financing requirements for the next 12 months will be met primarily through the issuance of short and long-term debt, meter sale-leasebacks and proceeds from our DRP, including utilizing the waiver discount feature. 
    
  We believe that as of   September 30, 2016  , NJR and NJNG were, and currently are, in compliance with all existing debt covenants, both financial and non-financial. 
    
  Short-Term Debt 
    
  We use our short-term borrowings primarily to finance NJRES  short-term liquidity needs and, on an initial basis, NJRCEV s investments, our Midstream segment s PennEast contributions and our share repurchases. NJRES  use of high volume storage facilities and anticipated pipeline park-and-loan arrangements, combined with related economic hedging activities in the volatile wholesale natural gas market, create significant short-term cash requirements. 
  
   Page   56 

    New Jersey Resources Corporation 
  Part II 
    
  ITEM 7.  MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF 
  OPERATIONS (Continued)                                                                                                                                                                

NJNG satisfies its debt needs by issuing short- and long-term debt based on its financial profile. The seasonal nature of NJNG s operations creates large short-term cash requirements, primarily to finance natural gas purchases and customer accounts receivable. NJNG obtains working capital for these requirements, and for the temporary financing of construction and MGP remediation expenditures and energy tax payments, based on its financial profile, through the issuance of commercial paper supported by the NJNG Credit Facility or through short-term bank loans under the NJNG Credit Facility. 
    
  As of   September 30, 2016  , NJR and NJNG had revolving credit facilities totaling   $425 million   and   $250 million  , respectively, as described below, with   $288.9 million   and   $249.3 million  , respectively, available under the facilities. Due to the seasonal nature of natural gas prices and demand, and because inventory levels are built up during its natural gas injection season (April through October), NJR and NJNG s short-term borrowings tend to peak in November and December. 
    
  Short-term borrowings were as follows: 

NJR 
    
  On   September 28, 2015  , NJR entered into a   $425 million   Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, which refinanced an earlier   $425 million   revolving credit facility that was scheduled to expire on August 22, 2017, but has now been terminated. The NJR Credit Facility is scheduled to terminate on   September 28, 2020  , subject to two mutual options for a one-year extension beyond that date. Certain of NJR s unregulated subsidiaries have guaranteed to the lenders all of NJR s obligations under the NJR Credit Facility. 
    
  The NJR Credit Facility permits the borrowing of revolving loans and swingline loans, as well as the issuance of letters of credit. The NJR Credit Facility also includes an accordion feature, which would allow NJR, in the absence of a default or event of default, to increase from time to time, with the existing or new lenders, the revolving credit commitments under the NJR Credit Facility in minimum   $5 million   increments up to a maximum of   $100 million  . In addition, borrowings under the NJR Credit Facility are conditioned upon compliance with a maximum leverage ratio (consolidated total indebtedness to consolidated total capitalization as defined in the NJR Credit Facility) of not more than .65 to 1.00 at any time. As of   September 30, 2016  , the consolidated total indebtedness to total capitalization ratio, as defined in the NJR Credit Facility, was   52 percent  . 
    
  As of   September 30, 2016  , NJR had   $121.7 million   outstanding under the NJR Credit Facility. Neither NJNG nor its assets are obligated or pledged to support the NJR Credit Facility. 
    
  During   fiscal 2016  , NJR s average interest rate under the NJR Credit Facility was   1.32 percent  , resulting in interest expense of   $2 million  . Based on average borrowings under the facilities of   $150.5 million   during the period, a 100 basis point change in the underlying average interest rate would have caused a change in interest expense of approximately   $1.6 million   during   fiscal 2016  . 

Page   57 

    New Jersey Resources Corporation 
  Part II 
    
  ITEM 7.  MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF 
  OPERATIONS (Continued)                                                                                                                                                                

As of   September 30, 2016  , NJR has   seven   letters of credit outstanding totaling   $14.4 million  .   Two   letters of credit totaling   $9.1 million   are on behalf of NJRES and   five   letters of credit are on behalf of NJRCEV totaling   $5.3 million  . These letters of credit reduce the amount available under NJR s committed credit facility by the same amount. NJR does not anticipate that these letters of credit will be drawn upon by the counterparties, and they will be renewed as necessary. 
    
  NJRES  letters of credit are used for margin requirements for natural gas transactions and expire on dates ranging from    December 2016   to   March 2017  . NJRCEV s letters of credit are used to secure construction of ground-mounted solar projects and to secure obligations pursuant to an Interconnection Services Agreement; they expire on dates ranging from   May 2017   to   August 2017  . 
    
  NJR s   $100 million   uncommitted Line of Credit Agreement with Santander Bank, N.A. expired on   October 24, 2015  , and was not renewed. 
    
  NJNG 
    
  NJNG s commercial paper is sold through several commercial banks under an issuing and paying agency agreement and is supported by the NJNG Credit Facility, a   $250 million  , five-year, revolving, unsecured credit facility expiring in   May 2019  . The NJNG Credit Facility permits the borrowing of revolving loans and swing loans, as well as the issuance of letters of credit. It also permits an increase to the facility, from time to time, with the existing or new lenders, in a minimum of   $15 million   increments up to a maximum of   $50 million   at the lending banks  discretion. Borrowings under NJNG s credit facility are conditioned upon compliance with a maximum leverage ratio (consolidated total indebtedness to consolidated total capitalization as defined in the NJNG Credit Facility) of not more than .65 to 1.00 at any time. As of   September 30, 2016  , NJNG s consolidated total indebtedness to total capitalization ratio was   48 percent  . As of   September 30, 2016  , the unused amount available under the NJNG Credit Facility, including amounts available under the commercial paper program and the issuance of letters of credit, was   $249.3 million  . During   fiscal 2016  , NJNG s weighted average interest rate on outstanding commercial paper was   .28 percent  , resulting in interest expense of   $152,100  . Based on average borrowings under the facility of   $42.2 million   during the period, a 100 basis point change in the underlying average interest rate would have caused a change in interest expense of approximately   $428,700   during   fiscal 2016  . 
    
  As of   September 30, 2016  , NJNG has   two   letters of credit outstanding for   $731,000  . These letters of credit reduce the amount available under NJNG s committed credit facility by the same amount. NJNG does not anticipate that these letters of credit will be drawn upon by the counterparties. These letters of credit are used as collateral for soil remediation systems and expire on   August 2017  . 
    
  Short-Term Debt Covenants 
    
  Borrowings under the NJR Credit Facility and NJNG Credit Facility are conditioned upon compliance with a maximum leverage ratio (consolidated total indebtedness to consolidated total capitalization as defined in the applicable agreements), of not more than .65 to 1.00 at any time. These revolving credit facilities contain customary representations and warranties for transactions of this type. They also contain customary events of default and certain covenants that will limit NJR s or NJNG s ability, beyond agreed upon thresholds, to, among other things: 
    
     incur additional debt;  
    
     incur liens and encumbrances; 
    
     make dispositions of assets; 
    
     enter into transactions with affiliates; and 
    
     merge, consolidate, transfer, sell or lease all or substantially all of the borrowers  or guarantors  assets. 
    
  These covenants are subject to a number of exceptions and qualifications set forth in the applicable agreements. 

Page   58 

    New Jersey Resources Corporation 
  Part II 
    
  ITEM 7.  MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF 
  OPERATIONS (Continued)                                                                                                                                                                

Default Provisions 
    
  The agreements governing our long-term and short-term debt obligations include provisions that, if not complied with, could require early payment or similar actions. Default events include, but are not limited to, the following: 
    
     defaults for non-payment; 
    
     defaults for breach of representations and warranties; 
    
     defaults for insolvency; 
    
     defaults for non-performance of covenants; 
    
     cross-defaults to other debt obligations of the borrower; and 
    
     guarantor defaults. 
    
  The occurrence of an event of default under these agreements could result in all loans and other obligations of the borrower becoming immediately due and payable and the termination of the credit facilities or term loan. 
    
  Long-Term Debt 
    
  NJR 
    
  The MetLife Facility, an unsecured, uncommitted   $100 million   private placement shelf note agreement with MetLife, allowed NJR to issue senior notes to MetLife or certain of MetLife s affiliates during a three-year issuance period that ended   September 26, 2016  , and was not renewed. There were no notes outstanding under the expired facility. 
    
  NJR has   $50 million   of   6.05 percent   senior unsecured notes, issued through the private placement market, maturing in   September 2017  . 
    
  NJR has outstanding   $25 million   of   2.51 percent   senior notes due   September 15, 2018  , which were issued under a now-expired facility with MetLife. 
    
  NJR has   $50 million   of   3.25 percent   senior notes due   September 2022  , issued under a private placement debt shelf facility. 
    
  On   November 7, 2014  , NJR issued   $100 million   in   3.48 percent   senior notes due   November 7, 2024  , under the Prudential Facility, which fully utilized the remaining capacity under the facility. The notes issued under the Prudential Facility are guaranteed by certain unregulated subsidiaries of NJR. 
    
  On   March 22, 2016  , NJR entered into a Note Purchase Agreement, under which we issued, on   August 18, 2016  ,   $50 million   of the Company s   3.2 percent   senior notes due   August 18, 2023  , and   $100 million   of the Company s   3.54 percent   senior notes due   August 18, 2026  . The notes are guaranteed by certain unregulated subsidiaries of the Company. The notes are unsecured. The proceeds of the notes will be used for general corporate purposes, including working capital and capital expenditures. 
    
  Neither NJNG nor its assets are obligated or pledged to support NJR s long-term debt. 
    
  NJNG 
    
  NJNG and the Trustee are parties to the Mortgage Indenture, which secures all of the outstanding FMB issued under the Old Mortgage Indenture. The Mortgage Indenture provides a direct first mortgage lien upon substantially all of the operating properties and franchises of NJNG (other than excepted property, such as cash on hand, choses-in-action, securities, rent, natural gas meters and certain materials, supplies, appliances and vehicles), subject only to certain permitted encumbrances. The Mortgage Indenture contains provisions subjecting after-acquired property (other than excepted property and subject to pre-existing liens, if any, at the time of acquisition) to the lien thereof. 
    
  As of   September 30, 2016  , NJNG s long-term debt consisted of   $610.8 million   in fixed-rate debt issuances secured by the Mortgage Indenture, with maturities ranging from   2018   to   2046  ,   $97 million   in secured variable rate debt with maturities ranging from   2027   to   2041   and   $30.7 million   in capital leases with various maturities ranging from   2017   to   2022  . 

Page   59 

    New Jersey Resources Corporation 
  Part II 
    
  ITEM 7.  MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF 
  OPERATIONS (Continued)                                                                                                                                                                

On April 23, 2014, the BPU approved a petition filed by NJNG requesting authorization over a three-year period to issue up to $300 million of medium-term notes with a maturity of not more than 30 years, renew its revolving credit facility expiring August 2014 for up to five years, enter into interest rate risk management transactions related to debt securities and redeem, refinance or defease any of NJNG s outstanding long-term debt securities. 
    
  On   April 15, 2015  , NJNG issued   $50 million   of   2.82 percent   senior notes due   April 15, 2025  , and   $100 million   of   3.66 percent   senior notes due   April 15, 2045  , in the private placement market pursuant to a note purchase agreement entered into on February 12, 2015. The notes are secured by an equal principal amount of NJNG s FMB (Series SS and TT, respectively) issued under NJNG s Mortgage Indenture. The proceeds of the notes were used for general corporate purposes, to refinance or retire debt and to fund capital expenditure requirements. The notes are subject to required prepayments upon the occurrence of certain events and NJNG may at any time prepay all or a portion of the notes at a make-whole prepayment price. 
    
  On   June 21, 2016  , NJNG entered into a Note Purchase Agreement, under which NJNG issued   $125 million   of its   3.63 percent   senior notes due   June 21, 2046  . The notes are secured by an equal principal amount of NJNG s FMB (series UU) issued under NJNG s Mortgage Indenture. The proceeds of the notes will be used for general corporate purposes, including, but not limited to, refinancing or retiring short-term debt and funding capital expenditures. The notes are subject to required prepayments upon the occurrence of certain events and NJNG may prepay all or any part of, the notes, in amounts not less than $1 million in aggregate principal amount of the notes then outstanding at 100 percent of the aggregate principal amount, plus accrued interest and a make-whole amount, if applicable. 
    
  NJR is not obligated directly or contingently with respect to the NJNG notes or the FMB. 
    
  Long-Term Debt Covenants and Default Provisions 
    
  The NJR and NJNG long-term debt instruments contain customary representations and warranties for transactions of their type. They also contain customary events of default and certain covenants that will limit NJR or NJNG s ability beyond agreed upon thresholds to, among other things: 
    
     incur additional debt (including a covenant that limits the amount of consolidated total debt of the borrower at the end of a fiscal quarter to 65 percent of the consolidated total capitalization of the borrower, as those terms are defined in the applicable agreements, and a covenant limiting priority debt to 20 percent of the borrower s consolidated total capitalization, as those terms are defined in the applicable agreements); 
    
     incur liens and encumbrances; 
    
     make loans and investments; 
    
     make dispositions of assets; 
    
     make dividends or restricted payments; 
    
     enter into transactions with affiliates; and 
    
     merge, consolidate, transfer, sell or lease substantially all of the borrower s assets. 
    
  The aforementioned covenants are subject to a number of exceptions and qualifications set forth in the applicable note purchase agreements. 
    
  In addition, the FMB issued by NJNG under the Mortgage Indenture are subject to certain default provisions. Events of Default, as defined in the Mortgage Indenture, consist mainly of: 
    
     failure for 30 days to pay interest when due; 
    
     failure to pay principal or premium when due and payable; 
    
     failure to make sinking fund payments when due; 
    
     failure to comply with any other covenants of the Mortgage Indenture after 30 days  written notice from the Trustee; 

Page   60 

    New Jersey Resources Corporation 
  Part II 
    
  ITEM 7.  MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF 
  OPERATIONS (Continued)                                                                                                                                                                

failure to pay or provide for judgments in excess of $30 million in aggregate amount within 60 days of the entry thereof; or 
    
     certain events that are or could be the basis of a bankruptcy, reorganization, insolvency or receivership proceeding. 
    
  Upon the occurrence and continuance of such an Event of Default, the Mortgage Indenture, subject to any provisions of law applicable thereto, provides that the Trustee may take possession and conduct the business of NJNG, may sell the trust estate, or proceed to foreclose the lien of the Mortgage Indenture. The interest rate on defaulted principal and interest, to the extent permitted by law, on the FMB issued under the Mortgage Indenture is the rate stated in the applicable supplement or, if no such rate is stated, six percent per annum. 
    
  NJNG Variable-Rate Long-Term Debt 
    
  In   August 2011  , NJNG completed a refunding of its outstanding Auction-Rate Securities whereby the EDA issued a total of   $97 million   of Natural Gas Facilities Refunding Revenue Bonds (New Jersey Natural Gas Company Project) composed of three series of bonds. EDA Bonds are special, limited obligations of the EDA payable solely from payments made by NJNG pursuant to a Loan Agreement and are secured by the pledge of   $97 million   principal amount of the FMB issued by the Company.  
    
  EDA Bonds accrue interest for five years at a variable rate determined monthly, which rate was initially calculated as .55 percent plus 70 percent of one month LIBOR, subject to earlier redemption or conversion to another interest rate mode. The maximum interest rate on the EDA Bonds is 12 percent per annum. NJNG s obligations under the Loan Agreement (and its corresponding obligations under the FMB) match the respective principal amounts, interest rates and maturity dates of the EDA Bonds. The weighted average interest rate on the EDA Bonds as of   September 30, 2016  , was   .92 percent  . The interest rate on the EDA Bonds may vary based upon market conditions. Sudden increases in the interest rate could cause a change in interest expense and cash flow for NJNG in the future. 
    
  Sale-Leaseback 
    
  NJNG received   $7.1 million  ,   $7.2 million   and   $7.6 million   in   fiscal 2016  ,   2015   and   2014  , respectively, in connection with the sale-leaseback of its natural gas meters. During   fiscal 2016  ,   2015   and   2014  , NJNG exercised early purchase options with respect to meter leases by making final principal payments of   $1.9 million  ,   $768,000   and   $956,000  , respectively. NJNG continues to evaluate this sale-leaseback program based on current market conditions. 
    
  Contractual Obligations 
    
  The following table is a summary of NJR, NJNG, NJRES and NJRCEV contractual cash obligations and financial commitments and their applicable payment due dates as of   September 30, 2016  : 

(1) 
    These obligations include an interest component, as defined under the related governing agreements or in accordance with the applicable tax statute. 
              (2) 
    Expenditures are estimated, see   Note 13. Commitments and Contingent Liabilities   in the accompanying Consolidated Financial Statements  . 

Page   61 

    New Jersey Resources Corporation 
  Part II 
    
  ITEM 7.  MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF 
  OPERATIONS (Continued)                                                                                                                                                                

The Company made a discretionary contribution of   $30 million   during the first quarter of fiscal 2016, to improve the funded status of the pension plans based on then current actuarial assumptions, which included the adoption of the most recent mortality table. The Company does not expect to be required to make additional contributions to fund the pension plans over the following two fiscal years based on current actuarial assumptions, however, funding requirements are uncertain and can depend significantly on changes in actuarial assumptions, returns on plan assets and changes in the demographics of eligible employees and covered dependents. In addition, as in the past, NJR may elect to make discretionary contributions to the plans in excess of the minimum required amount. NJR made   no   discretionary contributions to the pension plans in   fiscal 2015  . There are no Federal requirements to pre-fund OPEB benefits. However, the Company is required to fund certain amounts due to regulatory agreements with the BPU. NJR anticipates that the annual funding level to the OPEB plans will range from   $3 million   to   $5 million   annually over each of the next   five years  . Additional contributions may vary based on market conditions and various assumptions. 
    
  As of   September 30, 2016  , there were NJR guarantees covering approximately   $294.2 million   of natural gas purchases and NJRES demand fee commitments not yet reflected in accounts payable on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
    
  NJNG s incurs significant capital expenditures consisting primarily of its construction program to support customer growth, maintenance of its distribution and transmission system and replacement needed under pipeline safety regulations. During   fiscal 2016  , committed and spent capital expenditures totaled   $203.1 million  . In fiscal   2017   and   2018  , NJNG s total capital expenditures are projected to be   $275 million   and   $239.8 million  , respectively. 
    
  In November 2012, NJNG filed a petition with the BPU requesting deferral accounting for incurred uninsured incremental O M costs associated with Superstorm Sandy. As of   September 30, 2016  , NJNG deferred   $15.2 million   in regulatory assets that was approved for recovery through NJNG s new base rates, effective   October 1, 2016  . 
    
  NJNG expects to fund its obligations with a combination of cash flow from operations, cash on hand, issuance of commercial paper, available capacity under its revolving credit facility and the issuance of long-term debt. 
    
  As of   September 30, 2016  , NJNG s future MGP expenditures are estimated to be   $172 million  . For a more detailed description of MGP see   Note 13. Commitments and Contingent Liabilities   in the accompanying Consolidated Financial Statements  . 
    
  Estimated capital expenditures are reviewed on a regular basis and may vary based on the ongoing effects of regulatory constraints, environmental regulations, unforeseen events and the ability to access capital. 
    
  NJRCEV s expenditures include clean energy projects that support our goal to promote renewable energy. Accordingly, NJRCEV enters into agreements to install solar equipment involving both residential and commercial projects. During   fiscal 2016  , capital expenditures related to the purchase and installation of the solar equipment were   $75.8 million  . An additional   $22.1 million   has been committed or accrued for solar projects to be placed into service during fiscal   2017   and beyond. We estimate solar-related capital expenditures placed in service in fiscal   2017   to be between   $80 million   and   $100 million  . 
    
  During the first quarter of fiscal 2016, NJRCEV commenced construction of an   $84 million  ,   39.9   MW onshore wind project in Somerset County, Pennsylvania, which is expected to be completed in the first quarter of fiscal 2017. 
    
  During   fiscal 2016  , a total of   $73.3 million   has been spent and, as of   September 30, 2016  , an additional   $33.3 million   has been committed or accrued for wind projects. In fiscal   2017  , NJRCEV estimates that its wind-related capital expenditures will range between   $25 million   and   $35 million  . 
    
  Capital expenditures related to clean energy projects are subject to change due to a variety of factors that may affect our ability to commence operations at these projects on a timely basis or at all, including logistics associated with the start-up of residential and commercial solar projects, such as timing of construction schedules, the permitting and regulatory process, any delays related to electric grid interconnection, economic trends, unforeseen events and the ability to access capital or allocation of capital to other investments or business opportunities. 
    
  During   fiscal 2016  , Midstream had a total of   $11.2 million   of expenditures related to our investment in the PennEast pipeline project and is expected to spend between   $20 million   and   $30 million   during fiscal   2017  . 
    
  NJRES does not currently anticipate any significant capital expenditures in fiscal   2017   and   2018  . 

Page   62 

    New Jersey Resources Corporation 
  Part II 
    
  ITEM 7.  MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF 
  OPERATIONS (Continued)                                                                                                                                                                

Off-Balance-Sheet Arrangements 
    
  Our off-balance-sheet arrangements consist of guarantees covering approximately   $294.2 million   of natural gas purchases, SREC sales and demand fee commitments, see   Note 13. Commitments and Contingent Liabilities,   and   nine   outstanding letters of credit totaling   $15.1 million  , as noted above, see   Note 8. Debt  . 

Cash Flow 
    
  Operating Activities 
    
  Cash flows from operating activities   during   fiscal 2016  , totaled   $142.6 million   compared with   $390.9 million   during   fiscal 2015  . Operating cash flows are primarily affected by variations in working capital, which can be impacted by several factors, including: 
    
     seasonality of our business; 
    
     fluctuations in wholesale natural gas prices and other energy prices, including changes in derivative asset and liability values; 
    
     timing of storage injections and withdrawals; 
    
     the deferral and recovery of gas costs; 
    
     changes in contractual assets utilized to optimize margins related to natural gas transactions; 
    
     broker margin requirements; 
    
     impact of unusual weather patterns on our wholesale business; 
    
     timing of the collections of receivables and payments of current liabilities; 
    
     volumes of natural gas purchased and sold; and 
    
     timing of SREC deliveries. 
    
  The   decrease   of   $248.3 million   in operating cash flows during   fiscal 2016  , compared with   fiscal 2015  , was impacted by: 

a decrease in market volatility related to the warm winter weather primarily across the eastern United States, contributed to a decrease in profitability and working capital at NJRES, primarily gas in storage which had a 60 percent increase in volumes and an increase in broker margin due to decreases in the fair value of derivatives and higher initial margin requirements; 

bill credits of   $61.6 million   issued to NJNG s customers during fiscal 2016 for overrecovered gas costs; and 

a discretionary contribution of $30 million to our pension plan during fiscal 2016. 
       
  Lower average commodity prices were the primary contributor to the   increase   of   $32.8 million   in operating cash flows during   fiscal 2015  , compared with   fiscal 2014  . In fiscal 2014, unusually cold weather resulted in a significant increase in sales of natural gas out of storage at NJRES, as well as an increase in volatility and natural gas prices that factored into the overall profitability and positive changes in working capital at NJRES. 
    
  Investing Activities 
    
  Cash flows used in investing activities totaled   $363.2 million   during   fiscal 2016  , compared with   $321.7 million   during   fiscal 2015  . The   increase   of   $41.5 million   was due primarily to an increase in utility plant expenditures of   $36.3 million   and an increase in capital expenditures at NJRCEV of   $14.5 million   related to solar projects. NJR also contributed an additional   $5.4 million   for its investment in PennEast during   fiscal 2016  . The increase was partially offset by a decrease of   $16.5 million   related to wind projects. 
  
   Page   63 

    New Jersey Resources Corporation 
  Part II 
    
  ITEM 7.  MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF 
  OPERATIONS (Continued)                                                                                                                                                                

Cash flows used in investing activities totaled   $321.7 million   during   fiscal 2015  , compared with   $282.6 million   during   fiscal 2014  . The   increase   of   $39.1 million   was due primarily to an increase in capital expenditures of   $50.1 million   related to wind projects at NJRCEV,   $16.3 million   related to utility plant, including cost of removal at NJNG and   $5.2 million   for the investment in PennEast. The increases were partially offset by a decrease of   $34.6 million   in capital expenditures related to solar projects at NJRCEV, along with proceeds of $6 million from the sale of land at CR R during   fiscal 2014  , that did not recur in fiscal 2015. 
    
  NJNG s capital expenditures result primarily from the need for services, mains and meters to support its continued customer growth, mandated pipeline safety rulemaking, general system improvements and approved infrastructure programs. During   fiscal 2016   and   fiscal 2015  , NJNG s capital expenditures, including cost of removal, totaled   $205.1 million   and   $168.9 million  , respectively. 
    
  The Company enters into various agreements to install, own and operate solar equipment including both residential and commercial projects and onshore wind projects. During   fiscal 2016   and   fiscal 2015  , capital expenditures on these projects totaled   $149.1 million   and   $151 million  , respectively. 
    
  Home Services and Other capital expenditures in past years were made primarily in connection with investments made to preserve the value of real estate holdings. As of   September 30, 2016  , CR R owned   35   acres of undeveloped land and a   56,400   square-foot office building on five acres of land. On   December 29, 2015  , CR R sold approximately   18.61   acres of its undeveloped land for   $760,000  , generating a pre-tax gain of   $10,000  , after closing costs. 
    
  Financing Activities 
    
  Financing cash flows generally are seasonal in nature and are impacted by the volatility in pricing in the natural gas and other energy markets. NJNG s inventory levels are built up during its natural gas injection season (April through October) and reduced during withdrawal season (November through March) in response to the supply requirements of its customers. Changes in financing cash flows can also be impacted by gas management and marketing activities at NJRES and clean energy investments at NJRCEV. 
    
  Cash flows from financing activities during   fiscal 2016   totaled   $253.2 million  , compared with cash flows used in financing activities of    $66.4 million    during   fiscal 2015  . The   increase   of   $319.6 million   was due primarily to increased short-term borrowings at NJR. This was partially offset by the issuance of   $100 million   in long-term debt for NJR during   fiscal 2015  , along with a decrease of $25 million in long-term debt at NJNG, which issued $125 million during   fiscal 2016  , compared with $150 million during   fiscal 2015  . There was also a decrease in proceeds from the issuance of common stock when compared with   fiscal 2015  , during which   688,000   new shares were issued through the waiver discount feature of the DRP. 
    
  Cash flows used in financing activities during   fiscal 2015   totaled   $66.4 million  , compared with   $76.4 million   during   fiscal 2014  . The   decrease   of   $9.9 million   was due primarily to an increase in proceeds from the issuance of common shares, including   $19.8 million   related to   688,000   new shares issued through the waiver discount feature of the DRP, partially offset by an increase in the purchase of treasury stock and payments of common stock dividends. NJNG also issued $150 million and NJR issued a $100 million in senior notes during   fiscal 2015  , each of which was used to reduce short-term borrowings. 
    
  NJNG also issued $125 million in senior notes during fiscal 2014, which was used to reduce short-term borrowings and redeem $60 million,   4.77 percent   private placement bonds that matured in March 2014 and $12 million Series HH bonds, which were callable as of   December 1, 2013  , and redeemed in May 2014. 
    
  NJNG received   $7.1 million  ,   $7.2 million   and   $7.6 million   for   fiscal 2016  ,   2015   and   2014  , respectively, in connection with the sale-leaseback of its natural gas meters. During   fiscal 2016  ,   2015   and   2014  , NJNG exercised early purchase options with respect to meter leases by making final principal payments of   $1.9 million  ,   $768,000   and   $956,000  , respectively. NJNG continues to evaluate this sale-leaseback program based on current market conditions. 
    
  Credit Ratings 
    
  On January 30, 2014, Moody s upgraded NJNG s senior secured rating from Aa3 to Aa2, while maintaining a stable outlook. The rating upgrade was driven primarily by the overall credit supportiveness of the regulatory environment under which NJNG operates. In its review of NJNG s credit rating, Moody s considered the BPU s continued support of NJNG s rate mechanisms, which allows for timely recovery of costs, including those associated with NJNG s BGSS and CIP. In addition, the favorable recovery of investments related to NJNG s infrastructure and energy efficiency programs factored into the rating upgrade. 
  
   Page   64 

    New Jersey Resources Corporation 
  Part II 
    
  ITEM 7.  MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF 
  OPERATIONS (Continued)                                                                                                                                                                

The table below summarizes NJNG s current credit ratings issued by two rating entities, S P and Moody s, as of   September 30, 2016  :                     
    S P 
    Moody s 
      Corporate Rating 
    A 
    N/A 
      Commercial Paper 
    A-1 
    P-1 
      Senior Secured 
    A+ 
    Aa2 
      Ratings Outlook 
    Stable 
    Stable 

These ratings were reaffirmed by S P on July 19, 2016 and by Moody s on October 4, 2016. NJNG s S P and Moody s ratings are investment-grade ratings. NJR is not a rated entity. 
    
  Although NJNG is not party to any lending agreements that would accelerate the maturity date of any obligation caused by a failure to maintain any specific credit rating, if such ratings are downgraded below investment grade, borrowing costs could increase, as would the costs of maintaining certain contractual relationships and future financing and our access to capital markets would be reduced. Even if ratings are downgraded without falling below investment grade, NJR and NJNG could face increased borrowing costs under their credit facilities. A rating set forth above is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold NJR s or NJNG s securities and may be subject to revision or withdrawal at any time. Each rating set forth above should be evaluated independently of any other rating. 
    
  The timing and mix of any external financings will target a common equity ratio that is consistent with maintaining NJNG s current short-term and long-term credit ratings. 

ITEM 7A.  QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK                                               
    
  Financial Risk Management 

Commodity Market Risks 
    
  Natural gas is a nationally traded commodity. Its prices are determined effectively by the NYMEX, CME, ICE and over-the-counter markets. The prices on the NYMEX, CME, ICE and over-the-counter markets generally reflect the national balance of natural gas supply and demand, but are also significantly influenced from time to time by other events. 
    
  Our regulated and deregulated businesses are subject to market risk due to fluctuations in the price of natural gas. To economically hedge against such fluctuations, we have entered into forwards, futures, options and swap agreements. To manage these derivative instruments, we have well-defined risk management policies and procedures that include daily monitoring of volumetric limits and monetary guidelines. Our natural gas businesses are conducted through three of our operating subsidiaries. NJNG is a regulated utility that uses futures, options and swaps to economically hedge against price fluctuations, and its recovery of natural gas costs is governed by the BPU. NJRES uses futures, options, swaps and physical contracts to economically hedge purchases and sales of natural gas. Financial derivatives have historically been transacted on an exchange and cleared through an FCM, thus requiring daily cash margining for a majority of NJRES  and NJNG s positions. As a result of the Dodd-Frank Act, certain NJRES and NJNG transactions that were previously executed in the over-the-counter markets are now cleared through an FCM, resulting in increased margin requirements. The related cash flow impact from the increased requirements is expected to be minimal. Non-financial (i.e., physical) derivatives utilized by us have received statutory exclusion from similar Dodd-Frank provisions due to the element of physical settlement. 
    
  The following table reflects the changes in the fair market value of financial derivatives related to natural gas purchases and sales from   September 30, 2015   to   September 30, 2016  : 

There were no changes in methods of valuations during the year ended   September 30, 2016  . 
  
   Page   65 

    New Jersey Resources Corporation 
  Part II 
    
  ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK (Continued)                       

The following is a summary of fair market value of financial derivatives as of   September 30, 2016  , excluding foreign exchange contracts discussed below, by method of valuation and by maturity for each fiscal year period: 

The following is a summary of financial derivatives by type at   September 30, 2016  : 

(1) 
    Million British thermal unit 
       
  The following table reflects the changes in the fair market value of physical commodity contracts from   September 30, 2015   to   September 30, 2016  : 

The following table reflects the changes in the fair market value of interest rate contracts from   September 30, 2015   to   September 30, 2016  : 

Foreign Currency Market Risks 
    
  The following table reflects the changes in the fair market value of financial derivatives related to foreign currency hedges from   September 30, 2015   to   September 30, 2016  : 

There were no changes in methods of valuations during the fiscal year ended   September 30, 2016  . 
    
  The following is a summary of fair market value of financial derivatives related to foreign currency hedges at   September 30, 2016  , by method of valuation and by maturity for each fiscal year period: 

Page   66 

    New Jersey Resources Corporation 
  Part II 
    
  ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK (Continued)                       

Our market price risk is predominately related to changes in the price of natural gas at the Henry Hub, which is the delivery point for the NYMEX natural gas futures contracts. As the fair value of futures and fixed price swaps is linked to this location, the price sensitivity analysis has been prepared for all open Henry Hub natural gas futures and fixed swap positions. Based on this, an illustrative 10 percent movement in the natural gas futures contract price, for example, increases (decreases) the reported derivative fair value of all open, unadjusted Henry Hub natural gas futures and fixed swap positions by approximately   $19.8 million  . This analysis does not include potential changes to reported credit adjustments embedded in the   $(28.4) million   reported fair value. 

Wholesale Credit Risk 
    
  NJNG and NJRES engage in wholesale marketing activities and NJRCEV engages in SREC sales. NJR monitors and manages the credit risk of its operations through credit policies and procedures that management believes reduce overall credit risk. These policies include a review and evaluation of prospective counterparties  financial statements and/or credit ratings, daily monitoring of counterparties  credit limits, daily communication with traders regarding credit status and the use of credit mitigation measures, such as minimum margin requirements, collateral requirements and netting agreements. Examples of collateral include letters of credit and cash received for either prepayment or margin deposit. 
    
  Our Risk Management Committee continuously monitors NJR s credit risk management policies and procedures and is composed of individuals from NJR-affiliated companies. The Risk Management Committee meets at least once a month and, among other things, evaluates the effectiveness of existing credit policies and procedures, reviews material transactions and discusses emerging issues. 
    
  The following is a summary of gross and net credit exposures, grouped by investment and non-investment grade counterparties, as of   September 30, 2016  . Gross credit exposure is defined as the unrealized fair value of derivative and energy trading contracts plus any outstanding wholesale receivable for the value of natural gas or power delivered and/or financial derivative commodity contract that has settled for which payment has not yet been received. Net credit exposure is defined as gross credit exposure reduced by collateral received from counterparties and/or payables, where netting agreements exist. The amounts presented below exclude accounts receivable for NJNG retail natural gas sales and services. 
    
  NJRES    NJRCEV s counterparty credit exposure as of   September 30, 2016  , is as follows: 

NJNG s counterparty credit exposure as of   September 30, 2016  , is as follows: 

Page   67 

    New Jersey Resources Corporation 
  Part II 
    
  ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK (Continued)                       

Due to the inherent volatility in the market price for natural gas, electricity and SRECs, the market value of contractual positions with individual counterparties could exceed established credit limits or collateral provided by those counterparties. If a counterparty failed to perform the obligations under its contract (for example, failed to make payment for natural gas received), we could sustain a loss. This loss would comprise the loss on natural gas delivered but not paid for and/or the cost of replacing natural gas not delivered or received at a price that exceeds the original contract price. Any such loss could have a material impact on our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. 
    
  Effects of Interest Rate and Foreign Currency Rate Fluctuations 
    
  We are also exposed to changes in interest rates on our debt hedges, variable rate debt and changes in foreign currency rates for our business conducted in Canada using Canadian dollars. We do not believe an immediate 10 percent increase or decrease in interest rates or foreign currency rates would have a material effect on our operating results or cash flows. 
    
  As of   September 30, 2016  , NJNG is obligated to make principal and interest payments under a loan agreement securing $97 million of variable rate debt issued by the EDA. The bonds are in a LIBOR-based monthly interest rate mode and will accrue interest for five years at a variable rate determined monthly, which was initially calculated at .55 percent plus 70 percent of one-month LIBOR. As of   September 30, 2016  , the EDA Bonds had a weighted average interest rate of   .92 percent  . The EDA Bonds are subject to changes in market conditions for tax-exempt bonds and there can be no assurance that the interest rate will remain stable and not increase significantly due to market conditions, which could adversely affect NJNG s borrowing costs. A 100 basis point change in the EDA Bonds  average interest rate would have caused a change in interest expense for these variable rate bonds by approximately   $679,000   during   fiscal 2016  . 
    
  As of   September 30, 2016  , the Company, excluding NJNG, had no variable-rate long-term debt. 
    
  For more information regarding the interest rate risk related to our short-term debt, please see the   Liquidity and Capital Resources - Debt   section of   Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
    
  Effects of Inflation 
    
  Although inflation rates have been relatively low to moderate in recent years, including the three most recent fiscal years, any change in price levels has an effect on operating results due to the capital-intensive and regulated nature of our utility subsidiary. We attempt to minimize the effects of inflation through cost control, productivity improvements and regulatory actions, when appropriate. 

Page   68 

New Jersey Resources Corporation 
  Part II 

ITEM 8.  FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA                                                                                  

MANAGEMENT S REPORT ON INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING 
    
  Management of New Jersey Resources Corporation is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. The Company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance to the Company s Management and Board of Directors regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles and includes policies and procedures that: 

pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the Company; 

provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the Company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the Company; and 

provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the Company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
       
  Under the supervision and with the participation of the Company s management, including its principal executive officer and principal financial officer, management conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of   September 30, 2016  . In making this assessment, management used the criteria for effective internal control over financial reporting described in the   Internal Control-Integrated Framework     (2013)   set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on the assessment, management concluded that, as of   September 30, 2016  , the Company s internal control over financial reporting was effective to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the Unites States of America. 
    
  The conclusion of the Company s principal executive officer and principal financial officer is based on the recognition that there are inherent limitations in all systems of internal control over financial reporting. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements, errors or fraud. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
    
  The Company s independent registered public accounting firm, Deloitte   Touche LLP, has issued its report on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of   September 30, 2016  , which appears herein. 

November 22, 2016 

Page   69 

New Jersey Resources Corporation 
  Part II 
    
  ITEM 8.  FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA (Continued)                                                             

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
    
  To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of 
  New Jersey Resources Corporation 
  Wall, New Jersey: 
    
  We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of New Jersey Resources Corporation and subsidiaries (the  Company     ) as of   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , and the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income, common stock equity, and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended   September 30, 2016  . Our audits also included the financial statement schedule listed in the Index at Item 15. These financial statements and financial statement schedule are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the financial statements and financial statement schedule based on our audits. 
    
  We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
    
  In our opinion, such consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended   September 30, 2016  , in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Also, in our opinion, such financial statement schedule, when considered in relation to the basic consolidated financial statements taken as a whole, present fairly, in all material respects, the information set forth therein. 
    
  We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of   September 30, 2016  , based on the criteria established in   Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013)   issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission and our report dated   November 22, 2016   expressed an unqualified opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 

/s/ DELOITTE   TOUCHE LLP 
  Parsippany, New Jersey 

November 22, 2016 
  
   Page   70 

    New Jersey Resources Corporation 
  Part II 
    
  ITEM 8.  FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA (Continued)                                                             

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
    
  To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of 
  New Jersey Resources Corporation 
  Wall, New Jersey 
    
  We have audited the internal control over financial reporting of New Jersey Resources Corporation and subsidiaries (the  Company     ) as of   September 30, 2016  , based on criteria established in   Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013)   issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. 
    
  We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
    
  A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed by, or under the supervision of, the company s principal executive and principal financial officers, or persons performing similar functions, and effected by the company s board of directors, management, and other personnel to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
    
  Because of the inherent limitations of internal control over financial reporting, including the possibility of collusion or improper management override of controls, material misstatements due to error or fraud may not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. Also, projections of any evaluation of the effectiveness of the internal control over financial reporting to future periods are subject to the risk that the controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
    
  In our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of   September 30, 2016  , based on the criteria established in   Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013)   issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. 
    
  We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), the consolidated financial statements and financial statement schedule as of and for the year ended   September 30, 2016   of the Company and our report dated   November 22, 2016   expressed an unqualified opinion on those financial statements and financial statement schedule. 

/s/ DELOITTE   TOUCHE LLP 
  Parsippany, New Jersey 

November 22, 2016 

Page   71 

New Jersey Resources Corporation 
  Part II 
    
  ITEM 8.  FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA (Continued)                                                              

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 

(1) 
    Available for sale securities are included in other noncurrent assets on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
       
  See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
  
   Page   72 

New Jersey Resources Corporation 
  Part II 
    
  ITEM 8.  FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA (Continued)                                                              

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
  
   Page   73 

New Jersey Resources Corporation 
  Part II 
    
  ITEM 8.  FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA (Continued)                                                              

CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
    
  ASSETS 

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
  
   Page   74 

    New Jersey Resources Corporation 
  Part II 
    
  ITEM 8.  FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA (Continued)                                                              

CAPITALIZATION AND LIABILITIES 

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Page   75 

New Jersey Resources Corporation 
  Part II 
    
  ITEM 8.  FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA (Continued)                                                              

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMMON STOCK EQUITY 

(1) 
    The DRP allows NJR, at its option, to use newly issued shares to raise capital. During fiscal   2015  , NJR issued approximately   688,000   new shares through the waiver discount feature of its DRP. There were   no   new shares issued through the waiver discount feature during   fiscal   2014     and   fiscal 2016  . 
       
  See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Page   76 

New Jersey Resources Corporation 
  Part II 
    
  ITEM 8.  FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA (Continued)                                                             

1. 
    NATURE OF THE BUSINESS 
       
  New Jersey Resources Corporation provides regulated gas distribution services and operates certain unregulated businesses primarily through the following subsidiaries: 
    
  New Jersey Natural Gas Company provides natural gas utility service to approximately   521,200   retail customers in central and northern New Jersey and is subject to rate regulation by the BPU. NJNG comprises the Natural Gas Distribution segment; 
    
  NJR Clean Energy Ventures Corporation, the Company s clean energy subsidiary, comprises the Clean Energy Ventures segment and consists of the Company s capital investments in commercial and residential solar projects located throughout New Jersey and onshore wind investments in Montana, Iowa, Kansas, Wyoming and Pennsylvania; 
    
  NJR Energy Services Company comprises the Energy Services segment that maintains and transacts around a portfolio of natural gas storage and transportation capacity contracts and provides physical wholesale energy and energy management services in the U.S. and Canada; 
    
  NJR Midstream Holdings Corporation invests in energy-related ventures through its subsidiaries, NJR Steckman Ridge Storage Company, which holds the Company s   50 percent   combined interest in Steckman Ridge located in Pennsylvania,   and NJR Pipeline Company, which holds the Company s   20 percent   ownership interest in PennEast.     During fiscal 2015 and 2014, NJR Midstream Holdings Corporation,   through its subsidiary, NJNR Pipeline Company, also held the Company s   5.53 percent   ownership interest in Iroquois Gas Transmission L.P.   On   September 29, 2015  , NJNR Pipeline Company exchanged   its ownership interest in Iroquois to Dominion Midstream Partners, L.P. for approximately   1.84 million   DM Common Units. Steckman Ridge, PennEast and DM comprise the Midstream segment. See   Note 6  .   Investment in Equity Investees   for more information; and 
    
  NJR Retail Holdings Corporation has   two   principal subsidiaries, NJR Home Services Company, which provides heating, central air conditioning, standby generators, solar and other indoor and outdoor comfort products to residential homes throughout New Jersey, and Commercial Realty   Resources Corporation, which owns commercial real estate. NJR Retail Holdings Corporation and NJR Energy Corporation are included in Home Services and Other operations. 

2. 
    SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES 
       
  Principles of Consolidation 
    
  The Consolidated Financial Statements include the accounts of the Company and its wholly-owned subsidiaries. All intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated. 
    
  Other financial investments or contractual interests that lack the characteristics of a voting interest entity, which are commonly referred to as variable interest entities, are evaluated by NJR to determine if it has the power to direct business activities and, therefore, would be considered a controlling interest that NJR would have to consolidate. Based on those evaluations, NJR has determined that it does not have any investments in variable interest entities as of   September 30, 2016  ,   2015   and   2014  . 
    
  Investments in entities over which the Company does not have a controlling financial interest are either accounted for under the equity method or cost method of accounting. 
    
  Regulatory Assets   Liabilities 
    
  Under cost-based regulation, regulated utility enterprises generally are permitted to recover their operating expenses and earn a reasonable rate of return on their utility investment. 
    
  NJNG maintains its accounts in accordance with the FERC Uniform System of Accounts as prescribed by the BPU and in accordance with the   Regulated Operations   Topic of the FASB ASC. As a result of the impact of the ratemaking process and regulatory actions of the BPU, NJNG is required to recognize the economic effects of rate regulation. Accordingly, NJNG capitalizes or defers certain costs that are expected to be recovered from its customers as regulatory assets and recognizes certain obligations representing probable future expenditures as regulatory liabilities on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. See   Note 3  .   Regulation,   for a more detailed description of NJNG s regulatory assets and liabilities. 
  
   Page   77 

    New Jersey Resources Corporation 
  Part II 
    
  ITEM 8.  FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA (Continued)                                                             

Gas in Storage 
    
  Gas in storage is reflected at average cost on the Consolidated Balance Sheets, and represents natural gas and LNG that will be utilized in the ordinary course of business. 
    
  The following table summarizes gas in storage, at average cost by company, as of   September 30  : 

Demand Fees 
    
  For the purpose of securing storage and pipeline capacity in support of their respective businesses, NJRES and NJNG enter into storage and pipeline capacity contracts, which require the payment of associated demand fees and charges that allow them access to a high priority of service in order to maintain the ability to access storage or pipeline capacity during a fixed time period, which generally ranges from   one   to   10   years. Many of these demand fees and charges are based on established tariff rates as established and regulated by FERC. These charges represent commitments to pay storage providers and pipeline companies for the priority right to transport and/or store natural gas utilizing their respective assets. 
    
  The following table summarizes the demand charges, which are net of capacity releases, and are included as a component of gas purchases on the Consolidated Statements of Operations for the fiscal years ended September 30: 

NJRES expenses demand charges ratably over the term of the service being provided. 
    
  NJNG s costs associated with demand charges are included in its weighted average cost of gas. The demand charges are expensed based on NJNG s BGSS sales and recovered as part of its gas commodity component of its BGSS tariff. 
    
  Derivative Instruments 
    
  NJR accounts for its financial instruments, such as futures, options, foreign exchange contracts, interest rate contracts, as well as its physical commodity contracts related to the purchase and sale of natural gas at NJRES, as derivatives, and therefore recognizes them at fair value on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. NJR s unregulated subsidiaries record changes in the fair value of their financial commodity derivatives in gas purchases and changes in the fair value of their physical forward contracts in gas purchases or operating revenues, as appropriate, on the Consolidated Statements of Operations. NJRES designated its foreign exchange contracts, entered into prior to January 1, 2016, as cash flow hedges of Canadian dollar denominated gas purchases. Changes in the fair value of the effective portion of these hedges are recorded to AOCI, a component of stockholders  equity, and reclassified to gas purchases on the Consolidated Statements of Operations when they settle. Ineffective portions of the cash flow hedges are recognized immediately in earnings. NJR did not have derivatives designated as fair value hedges during   fiscal 2015   and   2016  . 
    
  The   Derivatives and Hedging   Topic of the ASC also provides for a NPNS scope exception for qualifying physical commodity contracts that are intended for purchases and sales during the normal course of business and for which physical delivery is probable. Effective January 1, 2016, NJR prospectively applies this normal scope exception on a case by case basis to physical commodity contracts at NJNG, forward SREC contracts at NJRCEV and when it does, it does not record changes in the fair value of these contracts until the contract settles and the related underlying natural gas or SREC is delivered. Gains and/or losses on NJNG s derivatives used to economically hedge its regulated natural gas supply obligations, as well as its exposure to interest rate variability, are recoverable through its BGSS, a component of its tariff. Accordingly, the offset to the change in fair value of these derivatives is recorded as a regulatory asset or liability on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
    
  See   Note 4. Derivative Instruments   for additional details regarding natural gas trading and hedging activities. 
  
   Page   78 

    New Jersey Resources Corporation 
  Part II 
    
  ITEM 8.  FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA (Continued)                                                             

Fair values of exchange-traded instruments, including futures, swaps, and certain options, are based on unadjusted, quoted prices in active markets. NJR s non-exchange-traded financial instruments, foreign currency derivatives, over-the-counter physical commodity contracts at NJRES, and NJNG s Treasury Lock are valued using observable, quoted prices for similar or identical assets when available. In establishing the fair value of contracts for which a quoted basis price is not available at the measurement date, management utilizes available market data and pricing models to estimate fair values. Fair values are subject to change in the near term and reflect management s best estimate based on a variety of factors. Estimating fair values of instruments that do not have quoted market prices requires management s judgment in determining amounts that could reasonably be expected to be received from, or paid to, a third party in settlement of the instruments. These amounts could be materially different from amounts that might be realized in an actual sale transaction. 
    
  Revenues 
    
  Revenues from the sale of natural gas to NJNG customers are recognized in the period that gas is delivered and consumed by customers, including an estimate for unbilled revenue. 
    
  NJNG records unbilled revenue for natural gas services. Natural gas sales to individual customers are based on meter  readings, which are performed on a systematic basis throughout the month. At the end of each month, the amount of natural gas delivered to each customer after the last meter reading through the end of the respective accounting period is estimated, and NJNG recognizes unbilled revenues related to these amounts. The unbilled revenue estimates are based on estimated customer usage by customer type, weather effects, unaccounted-for gas and the most current tariff rates. 
    
  NJRCEV recognizes revenue when SRECs are transferred to counterparties. SRECs are physically delivered through the transfer of certificates as per contractual settlement schedules. 
    
  Revenues for NJRES are recognized when the natural gas is physically delivered to the customer. In addition, changes in the fair value of derivatives that economically hedge the forecasted sales of the natural gas are recognized in operating revenues as they occur, as noted above. NJRES also recognizes changes in the fair value of SREC derivative contracts as a component of operating revenues. 
    
  Revenues from all other activities are recorded in the period during which products or services are delivered and accepted by customers, or over the related contractual term. 
    
  Gas Purchases 
    
  NJNG s tariff includes a component for BGSS, which is designed to allow NJNG to recover the cost of natural gas through rates charged to its customers and is typically revised on an annual basis. As part of computing its BGSS rate, NJNG projects its cost of natural gas, net of supplier refunds, the impact of hedging activities and credits from non-firm sales and transportation activities. NJNG subsequently recovers or credits the difference, if any, of actual costs compared with those included in current rates. Any underrecoveries or overrecoveries are either credited to customers or deferred and, subject to BPU approval, reflected in the BGSS rates in subsequent years. 
    
  Gas purchases at NJRES are comprised of gas costs NJRES is obligated to pay upon completion of a variety of transactions, as well as realized gains and losses from settled physical and financial derivative instruments and unrealized gains and losses on the change in fair value of derivative instruments that have not yet settled. Changes in the fair value of derivatives that economically hedge the forecasted purchases of natural gas are recognized in gas purchases as they occur. 
    
  Income Taxes 
    
  The Company computes income taxes using the asset and liability method, whereby deferred income taxes are generally determined based on the difference between the financial statement and tax basis of assets and liabilities using enacted tax rates in effect in the years in which the differences are expected to reverse. See   Note 12. Income Taxes.   In addition, NJR evaluates its tax positions to determine the appropriate accounting and recognition of future obligations associated with unrecognized tax benefits. 
    
  The Company invests in property that qualifies for federal ITCs and utilizes the ITCs, as allowed, based on the cost and life of the assets. ITCs at NJNG are deferred and amortized as a reduction to the tax provision over the average lives of the related equipment in accordance with regulatory treatment. ITCs at NJR s unregulated subsidiaries are recognized as a reduction to income  
  
   Page   79 

    New Jersey Resources Corporation 
  Part II 
    
  ITEM 8.  FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA (Continued)                                                             

tax expense when the property is placed in service. The Company invests in property that qualifies for PTCs. PTCs are recognized as reductions to current federal income tax expense as PTCs are generated through the production activities of the assets. Changes to the federal statutes related to ITCs and PTCs, which have the effect of reducing or eliminating the credits, could have a negative impact on earnings and cash flows. 
    
  Capitalized and Deferred Interest 
    
  NJNG s base rates include the ability to recover AFUDC on its CWIP. For all NJNG construction projects, an incremental cost of equity is recoverable during periods when NJNG s short-term debt balances are lower than its CWIP. For more information on AFUDC treatment with respect to certain accelerated infrastructure projects, see   Note 3 Regulation - Infrastructure programs. 
    
  Capitalized amounts associated with the debt and equity components of NJNG s AFUDC are recorded in utility plant on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Corresponding amounts for the debt component is recognized in interest expense and in other income for the equity component on the Consolidated Statements of Operations and include the following for the fiscal years ended September 30: 

Pursuant to a BPU order, NJNG is permitted to recover carrying costs on uncollected balances related to SBC program costs, which include NJCEP, RA and USF expenditures. See   Note 3. Regulation  . The SBC interest rate changes each September based on the August 31   seven  -year constant maturity Treasury rate plus   60 basis points  . The rate was   2.05 percent  ,   2.54 percent   and   2.65 percent   for the fiscal years ended   September 30, 2016  ,   2015   and   2014  , respectively. Accordingly, other income included   $54,000  ,   $61,000   and   $586,000   in the fiscal years ended   September 30, 2016  ,   2015   and   2014  , respectively. 
    
  Sales Tax Accounting 
    
  Sales tax that is collected from customers is presented in both operating revenues and operating expenses on the Consolidated Statements of Operations for the fiscal years ended September 30, as follows: 

Cash and Cash Equivalents 
    
  Cash and cash equivalents consists of cash on deposit and temporary investments with maturities of three months or less, and excludes restricted cash of   $1.6 million   and   $2.5 million   as of   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively, related to escrow balances for utility plant projects, which is recorded in other current and noncurrent assets on the Consolidated Balance Sheets, respectively. 
    
  Property Plant and Equipment 
    
  Regulated property, plant and equipment and solar and wind equipment are stated at original cost. Regulated property, plant and equipment costs include direct labor, materials and third-party construction contractor costs, AFUDC and certain indirect costs related to equipment and employees engaged in construction. Upon retirement, the cost of depreciable regulated property, plus removal costs less salvage, is charged to accumulated depreciation with no gain or loss recorded.  

Page   80 

    New Jersey Resources Corporation 
  Part II 
    
  ITEM 8.  FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA (Continued)                                                             

Depreciation is computed on a straight-line basis over the useful life of the assets for unregulated assets and using rates based on the estimated average lives of the various classes of depreciable property for NJNG. The composite rate of depreciation used for NJNG was   2.32 percent   of average depreciable property in   fiscal 2016  ,   2.31 percent   in   fiscal 2015   and   2.44 percent   in   fiscal 2014  . The Company recorded   $72.7 million  ,   $61.4 million   and   $52.7 million   in depreciation expense during   fiscal 2016  ,   2015   and   2014  , respectively. Effective October 1, 2016, the overall depreciation rate is   2.4 percent  , as settled in the base rate case. 
    
  Property, plant and equipment was comprised of the following as of   September 30  : 

Asset Held for Sale 
    
  NJR s subsidiary, CR R, has committed to sell an approximately   56,400   square foot office building on   five   acres of land located in Monmouth County with a net book value of   $7.7 million  . Since it is probable that the sale will be completed within the next 12 months, as of   September 30, 2016  , the Company has classified the property as held for sale in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
    
  Impairment of Long-Lived Assets 
    
  The Company reviews the carrying amount of an asset for possible impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that such amount may not be recoverable. 
    
  During fiscal 2014, NJRCEV recognized an impairment loss of   $6.4 million  ,   $3.8 million   after tax, associated with its investment in OwnEnergy, a developer of onshore wind projects. The loss is included in other income, net on the Consolidated Statements of Operations. No other impairments were identified for the fiscal years ended   September 30, 2016  ,   2015   and   2014  . 
    
  Investments in Equity Investees 
    
  The Company accounts for its investments in Steckman Ridge, PennEast and Iroquois (through September 29, 2015), using the equity method of accounting, where its respective ownership interests are 50 percent or less and/or it has significant influence over operating and management decisions, but is not the primary beneficiary, as defined under ASC 810,   Consolidation  . The Company s share of earnings is recognized as equity in earnings of affiliates on the Consolidated Statements of Operations. See   Note 6  .   Investment in Equity Investees   for more information. 
    
  Available for Sale Securities 
    
  The Company has investments in two publicly traded energy companies that have a fair value of   $55.8 million   and   $59.5 million   as of   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively, which are included in available for sale securities on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Total unrealized gains associated with these equity securities, which are included as a part of accumulated other comprehensive income, a component of common stock equity, were   $7.2 million  ,   $4.2 million   after tax, and   $10.8 million  ,   $6.4 million   after tax, as of   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively. 

Page   81 

    New Jersey Resources Corporation 
  Part II 
    
  ITEM 8.  FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA (Continued)                                                             

On September 29, 2015, NJR Midstream Holdings Corporation   exchanged its   5.53 percent   equity method investment in Iroquois to DM for approximately   1.84 million   DM Common Units. Since the exchange was, in substance, a contribution of real estate into another real estate venture, the Company recorded a deferred gain of   $24.6 million   based on the difference between the carrying amount of its investment of Iroquois,   $21.5 million  , and the fair value of the DM Common Units on the closing date of the transaction,   $46.1 million  . The deferred gain will be recognized in other income on the Consolidated Statements of Operations if and when the units are sold in the future. NJR classified the DM Common Units as available for sale securities and, therefore, any changes in fair value are recognized in accumulated other comprehensive income, a component of common stock equity.  
    
  Reclassifications of realized gains out of other comprehensive income into income are determined based on average cost. 
  There were   no   sales of securities during   fiscal 2016   and   2015  . 
    
  Customer Accounts Receivable and Allowance for Doubtful Accounts 
    
  Receivables consist of natural gas sales and transportation services billed to residential, commercial, industrial and other customers, as well as equipment sales, installations, solar leases and PPAs to commercial and residential customers. NJR evaluates its accounts receivables and, to the extent customer account balances are outstanding for more than   60 days  , establishes an allowance for doubtful accounts. The allowance is based on a combination of factors including historical collection experience and trends, aging of receivables, general economic conditions in the company s distribution or sales territories, and customer specific information. NJR writes-off customers  accounts once it is determined they are uncollectible. 
    
  The following table summarizes customer accounts receivable by company as of   September 30  : 

Loans Receivable 
    
  NJNG provides loans, with terms ranging from   two   to   10   years, to customers that elect to purchase and install certain energy efficient equipment in accordance with its BPU approved SAVEGREEN program. The loans are recognized at net present value on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Refer to   Note 5. Fair Value   for a discussion of the Company s fair value measurement policies and level disclosures. The Company has recorded   $7.8 million   and   $6.2 million   in other current assets and   $39.5 million   and   $36.2 million   in other noncurrent assets as of   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively, on the Consolidated Balance Sheets, related to the loans. 
    
  NJNG s policy is to establish an allowance for doubtful accounts when loan balances are in arrears for more than   60 days  . There was   no   allowance for doubtful accounts established for the SAVEGREEN loans during   fiscal 2016   and   2015  . 
    
  Asset Retirement Obligations 
    
  NJR recognizes a liability for its AROs based on the fair value of the liability when incurred, which is generally upon acquisition, construction, development and/or through the normal operation of the asset. Concurrently, NJR also capitalizes an asset retirement cost by increasing the carrying amount of the related asset by the same amount as the liability. In periods subsequent to the initial measurement, NJR is required to recognize changes in the liability resulting from the passage of time (accretion) or due to revisions to either timing or the amount of the originally estimated cash flows to settle the conditional ARO. 

Page   82 

    New Jersey Resources Corporation 
  Part II 
    
  ITEM 8.  FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA (Continued)                                                             

Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income 
    
  The following table presents the changes in the components of accumulated other comprehensive income, net of related tax effects, as of   September 30  : 

(1) 
    Consists of realized losses related to foreign currency derivatives, which are reclassified to gas purchases on the Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
              (2) 
    Included in the computation of net periodic pension cost, a component of O M expense on the Consolidated Statements of Operations. For more details, see   Note 10. Employee Benefit Plans. 
       
  Pension and Postemployment Plans 
    
  NJR has   two   noncontributory defined pension plans covering eligible employees, including officers. Benefits are based on each employee s years of service and compensation. NJR s funding policy is to contribute annually to these plans at least the minimum amount required under Employee Retirement Income Security Act, as amended, and not more than can be deducted for federal income tax purposes. Plan assets consist of equity securities, fixed-income securities and short-term investments. The Company made a discretionary contribution of   $30 million   during the first quarter of fiscal 2016 to improve the funded status of the pension plans based on then current actuarial assumptions, which included the adoption of the most recent mortality table. The Company made   no   discretionary contributions to the pension plans in fiscal   2015  . 
    
  NJR also provides   two   primarily noncontributory medical and life insurance plans for eligible retirees and dependents. Medical benefits, which make up the largest component of the plans, are based upon an age and years-of-service vesting schedule and other plan provisions. Funding of these benefits is made primarily into Voluntary Employee Beneficiary Association trust funds. NJR contributed   $3 million  ,   $6 million   and   $5 million   in aggregate to these plans in   fiscal 2016  ,   2015   and   2014  , respectively. 
    
  See   Note 10. Employee Benefit Plans,   for a more detailed description of the Company s pension and postemployment plans. 
    
  Foreign Currency Transactions 
    
  NJRES  market area includes Canadian delivery points and as a result, NJRES incurs certain natural gas commodity costs and demand fees denominated in Canadian dollars. Gains or losses that occur as a result of these foreign currency transactions are reported as a component of gas purchases on the Consolidated Statements of Operations and were not material during the fiscal years ended   September 30, 2016  ,   2015   and   2014  . 

Page   83 

    New Jersey Resources Corporation 
  Part II 
    
  ITEM 8.  FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA (Continued)                                                             

Recently Adopted Updates to the Accounting Standards Codification 
    
  Income Taxes 
    
  In November 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-17, an amendment to ASC 740,   Income Taxes  , to simplify the balance sheet presentation of deferred income taxes. The update requires entities to present all deferred tax assets and liabilities as noncurrent. The Company elected to early adopt the amended guidance effective October 1, 2015, and applied the new provisions retrospectively. 
    
  Accordingly, the following amounts on the Consolidated Balance Sheets, as of September 30, 2015, have been adjusted: 

There was no additional impact to the Consolidated Statements of Operations or the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows. 
    
  Stock Compensation 
    
  In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-09, an amendment to ASC 718,   Compensation - Stock Compensation  , which simplifies several aspects of the accounting for employee share-based compensation, including the accounting for income taxes and forfeitures. The new guidance also increased the threshold for tax withholding to the maximum statutory rate, as applicable, to maintain equity classification and amended the classification of certain tax transactions within the statement of cash flows. 
    
  The Company elected to early adopt the amended guidance during the third quarter of fiscal 2016 and applied the new provisions as of the beginning of the year of adoption on a retrospective or prospective basis depending on each amendment s transition requirements. As such, effective October 1, 2015, NJR is recognizing forfeitures as they occur and is recognizing excess tax benefits (deficiencies) as a component of income tax (benefit) provision in its Consolidated Statements of Operations on a prospective basis. Accordingly, upon adoption, the Company recognized   $1.8 million   in excess tax benefits during fiscal 2016. 
    
  The following table presents the adjustments to the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2015: 

Page   84 

    New Jersey Resources Corporation 
  Part II 
    
  ITEM 8.  FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA (Continued)                                                             

The following table presents the adjustments to the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2014: 

There was no impact to the Consolidated Balance Sheets upon adoption of the new guidance. 
    
  Other Recent Updates to the Accounting Standards Codification 
    
  Revenue 
    
  In May 2014, the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-09, and added Topic 606,   Revenue from Contracts with Customers  , to the ASC. ASC 606 supersedes ASC 605,   Revenue Recognition  , as well as most industry-specific guidance, and prescribes a single, comprehensive revenue recognition model designed to improve financial reporting comparability across entities, industries, jurisdictions and capital markets. In August 2015, the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-14, which defers the implementation of the new guidance for one year. The new guidance will become effective for the Company s fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and interim periods within that year. The Company continues to evaluate the provisions of ASC 606, however, based on the review of customer contracts to date, it is not anticipating a material impact to its financial position, results of operations or cash flows upon adoption. Accordingly, the Company expects to transition to the new guidance using the modified retrospective approach. 
    
  Stock Compensation 
    
  In June 2014, the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-12, an amendment to ASC 718,   Compensation - Stock Compensation  , which clarifies the accounting for performance awards when the terms of the award provide that a performance target could be achieved after the requisite service period. The new guidance will become effective for the Company s fiscal year ending September 30, 2017, and interim periods within that year, on a prospective basis, and will not impact its financial position, results of operations or cash flows upon adoption. 
    
  Consolidation 
    
  In February 2015, the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-02, an amendment to ASC 810,   Consolidation  , which changes the consolidation analysis required under GAAP and reevaluates whether limited partnerships and similar entities must be   consolidated. The new guidance will become effective for the Company s fiscal year ending September 30, 2017, and interim periods within that year, on a full retrospective basis, and will not impact its financial position, results of operations or cash flows upon adoption. 
    
  Interest 
    
  In April 2015, the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-03, an amendment to ASC 835,   Interest - Imputation of Interest,   which simplifies the presentation of debt issuance costs by requiring them to be presented on the balance sheet as a deduction from the carrying amount of the liability. The amendments do not affect the recognition and measurement guidance for debt issuance costs. In August 2015, the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-15, which clarified that the amendments contained within ASU No. 2015-03 do not require companies to modify their accounting for costs incurred in obtaining revolving credit facilities. The new guidance will become effective for the Company s fiscal year ending September 30, 2017, and interim periods within that year, on a retrospective basis, and will not have a material impact to its financial position, results of operations or cash flows upon adoption. 

Page   85 

    New Jersey Resources Corporation 
  Part II 
    
  ITEM 8.  FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA (Continued)                                                             

Intangibles 
    
  In April 2015, the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-05, an amendment to ASC 350,   Intangibles - Goodwill and Other - Internal-Use Software,   which clarifies the accounting for fees in a cloud computing arrangement. The amendments provide guidance on how an entity should evaluate the accounting for fees paid in a cloud computing arrangement to determine whether an arrangement includes the sale or license of software. The new guidance will become effective for the Company s fiscal year ending September 30, 2017, and interim periods within that year, on a prospective basis, and will not impact its financial position, results of operations or cash flows upon adoption. 
    
  Inventory 
    
  In July 2015, the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-11, an amendment to ASC 330,   Inventory  , which requires entities to measure most inventory  at the lower of cost or net realizable value,  thereby simplifying the current guidance under which an entity must measure inventory at the lower of cost or market. The guidance is effective for the Company s fiscal year ending September 30, 2018, and interim periods within that year. Upon adoption, the amendments will be applied on a prospective basis. The Company is currently evaluating the amendment to understand the impact on its financial position, results of operations and cash flows upon adoption. 
    
  Financial Instruments 
    
  In January 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-01, an amendment to ASC 825,   Financial Instruments  , to address certain aspects of the recognition, measurement, presentation and disclosure of financial instruments. The standard affects investments in equity securities that do not result in consolidation and are not accounted for under the equity method and the presentation of certain fair value changes for financial liabilities measured at fair value. It also simplifies the impairment assessment of equity investments without a readily determinable fair value by requiring a qualitative assessment. The guidance is effective for the Company s fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and interim periods within that year. Upon adoption, the amendments will be applied on a modified-retrospective basis. The Company has evaluated the amendments and noted that, upon adoption, subsequent changes to the fair value of the Company s available for sale securities will be recorded in the statement of operations as opposed to other comprehensive income. The Company does not expect any other material impacts to its financial position, results of operations or cash flows upon adoption. 
    
  In June 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-13, an amendment to ASC 326,   Financial Instruments - Credit Losses,   which changes the impairment model for certain financial assets that have a contractual right to receive cash, including trade and loan receivables. The new model requires recognition based upon an estimation of expected credit losses rather than recognition of losses when it is probable that they have been incurred. The guidance is effective for the Company s fiscal year ending September 30, 2021, and interim periods within that year, with early adoption permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the amendments to understand the impact on its financial position, results of operations and cash flows upon adoption and will apply the new guidance to its trade and loan receivables on a modified retrospective basis. 
    
  Leases 
    
  In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-02, an amendment to ASC 842,   Leases  , which provides for a comprehensive overhaul of the lease accounting model and changes the definition of a lease within the accounting literature. Under the new standard, all leases with a term greater than one year will be recorded on the balance sheet. Amortization of the related asset will be accounted for using one of two approaches prescribed by the guidance. Additional disclosures will be required to allow the user to assess the amount, timing and uncertainty of cash flows arising from leasing activities. A modified retrospective transition approach is required for leases existing at the time of adoption. The guidance is effective for the Company s fiscal year ending September 30, 2020, and interim periods within that year, with early adoption permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the amendments to understand the impact on its financial position, results of operations and cash flows upon adoption. 
    
  Statement of Cash Flows 
    
  In August 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-15, an amendment to ASC 230, Statement of Cash Flows, which addresses eight specific cash flow issues for which there has been diversity in practice. The guidance is effective for the Company s fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and interim periods within that year with early adoption permitted. Upon adoption, the amendments will be applied on a retrospective basis. The Company is currently evaluating the amendments to understand the impact on its consolidated statements of cash flows upon adoption. 
  
   Page   86 

    New Jersey Resources Corporation 
  Part II 
    
  ITEM 8.  FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA (Continued)                                                             

Use of Estimates 
    
  The preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires NJR to make estimates that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues, expenses and related disclosure of contingencies during the reporting period. On a monthly basis, NJR evaluates its estimates, including those related to the calculation of the fair value of derivative instruments, debt, unbilled revenues, allowance for doubtful accounts, provisions for depreciation and amortization, regulatory assets and liabilities, income taxes, pensions and other postemployment benefits, contingencies related to environmental matters and litigation. AROs are evaluated as often as needed. NJR s estimates are based on historical experience and on various other assumptions that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying value of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. 
    
  NJR has legal, regulatory and environmental proceedings during the normal course of business that can result in loss contingencies. When evaluating the potential for a loss, NJR will establish a reserve if a loss is probable and can be reasonably estimated, in which case it is NJR s policy to accrue the full amount of such estimates. Where the information is sufficient only to establish a range of probable liability, and no point within the range is more likely than any other, it is NJR s policy to accrue the lower end of the range. In the normal course of business, estimated amounts are subsequently adjusted to actual results that may differ from estimates. 

3. 
    REGULATION 
       
  The EDECA is the legal framework for New Jersey s public utility and wholesale energy landscape. NJNG is required, pursuant to a written order by the BPU under EDECA, to open its residential markets to competition from third-party natural gas suppliers. Customers can choose the supplier of their natural gas commodity in NJNG s service territory. 
    
  As required by EDECA, NJNG s rates are segregated into two primary components, the commodity portion, which represents the wholesale cost of natural gas, including the cost for interstate pipeline capacity to transport the gas to NJNG s service territory, and the delivery portion, which represents the transportation of the commodity portion through NJNG s gas distribution system to the end-use customer. NJNG does not earn utility gross margin on the commodity portion of its natural gas sales. NJNG earns utility gross margin through the delivery of natural gas to its customers, regardless of whether it or a third-party supplier provides the wholesale natural gas commodity. 
    
  Under EDECA, the BPU is required to audit the state s energy utilities every two years. The primary purpose of the audit is to ensure that utilities and their affiliates offering unregulated retail services do not have an unfair competitive advantage over nonaffiliated providers of similar retail services. A combined competitive services and management audit of NJNG commenced in   August 2013  . A draft management audit report was accepted by the BPU on July 23, 2014, for public comment. To date, NJNG has been implementing all audit recommendations with the approval of BPU Staff and is waiting for final BPU approval. 
    
  NJNG is subject to cost-based regulation, therefore, it is permitted to recover authorized operating expenses and earn a reasonable return on its utility capital investments based on the BPU s approval. The impact of the ratemaking process and decisions authorized by the BPU allows NJNG to capitalize or defer certain costs that are expected to be recovered from its customers as regulatory assets and to recognize certain obligations representing amounts that are probable future expenditures as regulatory liabilities in accordance with accounting guidance applicable to regulated operations. 
    
  NJNG s recovery of costs is facilitated through its base rates, BGSS and other regulatory tariff riders. NJNG is required to make an annual filing to the BPU by June 1 of each year for review of its BGSS, CIP and various other programs and related rates. Annual rate changes are requested to be effective at the beginning of the following fiscal year. In addition, NJNG is also permitted to request approval of certain rate or program changes on an interim basis. All rate and program changes are subject to proper notification and BPU review and approval. 

Page   87 

    New Jersey Resources Corporation 
  Part II 
    
  ITEM 8.  FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA (Continued)                                                             

Base Rate Case 
    
  On   November 13, 2015  , NJNG filed a base rate case petition with the BPU, requesting an increase in base rates in the amount of   $147.6 million  , which was revised on   July 20, 2016  , to   $112.9 million  . On   September 23, 2016  , the BPU s decision and order approved the following, effective   October 1, 2016  : 

an increase in base rates in the amount of   $45 million  . The base rate increase includes a return on common equity of   9.75 percent  , a common equity ratio of   52.5 percent   and an increase in the overall depreciation rate from   2.34 percent   to   2.4 percent  ; 

the rate mechanism for recovery of SAFE I capital investments and a   five  -year extension of SAFE II, effective October 1, 2016. The estimated cost for SAFE II, excluding AFUDC, is approximately   $200 million   and related costs to be  recovered on an accelerated basis are approximately   $157.5 million  . As a condition of the extension approval, NJNG is required to file a base rate case no later than November 2019; 

rate recovery of NJ RISE capital investment costs through June 30, 2016, and the filing for recovery of future NJ RISE capital investment costs to be recovered, will occur in conjunction with SAFE II, commencing with the rate recovery filing to be submitted in March 2017; 

recovery of NJNG s NGV and LNG plant investments; and 

recovery of other costs previously deferred in regulatory assets over   seven   years, as described further below. 
       
  Regulatory assets and liabilities included on the Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, are comprised of the following: 

Recovery of regulatory assets is subject to BPU approval, and therefore, if there are any changes in regulatory positions that indicate recovery is not probable, the related cost would be charged to income in the period of such determination. The BPU s decision and order approving NJNG s new base rates resulted in no changes to the recovery of NJNG s regulatory assets. 

Page   88 

    New Jersey Resources Corporation 
  Part II 
    
  ITEM 8.  FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA (Continued)                                                             

Conservation Incentive Program 
    
  The CIP permits NJNG to recover utility gross margin variations related to customer usage resulting from customer conservation efforts and mitigates the impact of weather on its gross margin. Such utility gross margin variations are recovered in the year following the end of the CIP usage year, without interest, and are subject to additional conditions, including an earnings test, a revenue test and an evaluation of BGSS related savings. 
    
  New Jersey Clean Energy Program 
    
  The NJCEP is a statewide program that encourages energy efficiency and renewable energy. Funding amounts are determined by the BPU s Office of Clean Energy and all New Jersey utilities are required to share in the annual funding obligation. The current NJCEP program is for the State of New Jersey s fiscal year ending June 2017. NJNG recovers the costs associated with its portion of the NJCEP obligation, through its NJCEP rider. 
    
  Derivatives 
    
  Derivatives are utilized by NJNG to manage the price risk associated with its natural gas purchasing activities and to participate in certain BGSS incentive programs. The gains and losses associated with NJNG s derivatives are recoverable through its BGSS, as noted above, without interest. See   Note 4. Derivatives  . 
    
  Environmental Remediation Costs 
    
  NJNG is responsible for the cleanup of certain former gas manufacturing facilities. Actual expenditures are recovered from customers, with interest, over   seven   year rolling periods, through a RA rate rider. Recovery for NJNG s estimated future liability will be requested and/or recovered when actual expenditures are incurred. See   Note 13. Commitments and Contingencies  . 
    
  Deferred Income Taxes 
    
  In 1993, NJNG adopted the provisions of ASC 740,   Income Taxes  , which changed the method used to determine deferred tax assets and liabilities. Upon adoption, NJNG recognized a transition adjustment and corresponding regulatory asset representing the difference between NJNG s existing deferred tax amounts compared with the deferred tax amounts calculated in accordance with the change in method prescribed by ASC 740. NJNG recovers the regulatory asset associated with these tax impacts through future base rates, without interest. 
    
  SAVEGREEN 
    
  NJNG administers certain programs that supplement the state s NJCEP and that allow NJNG to promote clean energy to its residential and commercial customers, as described further below. NJNG will recover related expenditures and a weighted average cost of capital through a tariff rider, as approved by the BPU, over a   two   to   10  -year period depending upon the specific program incentive. 
    
  Postemployment and Other Benefit Costs 
    
  Postemployment and Other Benefit Costs represents NJNG s underfunded postemployment benefit obligations that the Company began recognizing in fiscal 2006, as a result of changes in the accounting provisions of ASC 715,   Compensation and Benefits  , as well as a   $2.9 million   fiscal 2010 tax charge resulting from a change in the deductibility of federal subsidies associated with Medicare Part D, both of which are deferred as regulatory assets and are recoverable, without interest, in base rates. In the   September 23, 2016   base rate case decision and order, the BPU approved the recovery of the tax charge over a   seven  -year amortization period. See   Note 10. Employee Benefit Plans  . 
    
  Deferred Superstorm Sandy Costs 
    
  In October 2012, portions of NJNG s distribution system incurred significant damage as a result of Superstorm Sandy. NJNG filed a petition with the BPU in November 2012 requesting deferred accounting for uninsured incremental O M costs associated with its restoration efforts, which was approved in May 2013. On October 22, 2014, the BPU approved, as prudent and reasonable, the deferred O M storm costs. The deferred Superstorm Sandy costs were approved for recovery through NJNG s new base rates effective   October 1, 2016  , over a   seven  -year amortization period. 

Page   89 

    New Jersey Resources Corporation 
  Part II 
    
  ITEM 8.  FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA (Continued)                                                             

Other Regulatory Assets 
    
  Other regulatory assets consists primarily of deferred costs associated with certain components of NJNG s SBC, as discussed further below, and NJNG s compliance with federal and state mandated PIM provisions. NJNG s related costs to maintain the operational integrity of its distribution and transmission main are recoverable, subject to BPU review and approval. Through   September 30, 2016  , NJNG was limited to recording a regulatory asset associated with PIM that did not exceed   $700,000   per year. In addition, to the extent that project costs were lower than the approved PIM annual expense of   $1.4 million  , NJNG recorded a regulatory liability to be refunded as a credit to customers  gas costs when the net cumulative liability exceeded   $1 million  . As of   September 30, 2016  , NJNG recorded   $4.4 million   of PIM in other regulatory assets. The deferred PIM costs were approved for recovery through NJNG s new base rates effective   October 1, 2016  , over a   seven  -year amortization period. As of October 1, 2016, NJNG will no longer defer any costs associated with PIM. 
    
  Overrecovered Gas Costs 
    
  NJNG recovers its cost of gas through the BGSS rate component of its customers  bills. NJNG s cost of gas includes the purchased cost of the natural gas commodity, fees paid to pipelines and storage facilities, adjustments as a result of BGSS incentive programs, and hedging transactions. Overrecovered gas costs represent a regulatory liability that generally occurs when NJNG s BGSS rates are higher than actual costs and requests approval to be returned to customers including interest, when applicable, in accordance with NJNG s approved BGSS tariff. Conversely, underrecovered gas costs generally occurs during periods when NJNG s BGSS rates are lower than actual costs, in which case NJNG records a regulatory asset and requests amounts to be recovered from customers in the future. 
    
  Cost of Removal Obligation 
    
  NJNG accrues and collects for cost of removal in base rates on its utility property, without interest. NJNG s regulatory liability represents customer collections in excess of actual expenditures, which the Company will return to customers as a reduction to depreciation expense until it is depleted by November 2019 when NJNG will file the next required base rate case. 
    
  The following is a description of certain regulatory proceedings during   fiscal 2015   and   2016  : 
    
  BGSS and CIP 
    
  BGSS rates are normally revised on an annual basis. In addition, to manage the fluctuations in wholesale natural gas costs, NJNG has the ability to make two interim filings during each fiscal year to increase residential and small commercial customer BGSS rates on a self-implementing and provisional basis. NJNG is also permitted to refund or credit back a portion of the commodity costs to customers when the natural gas commodity costs decrease in comparison to amounts projected or to amounts previously collected from customers. Concurrent with the annual BGSS filing, NJNG files for an annual review of its CIP. In   May 2014  , the BPU approved the continuation of the CIP program with no expiration date; however, it will be subject to review in a future rate filing in 2017. NJNG s annual BGSS and CIP filings are summarized as follows: 

June 2014 BGSS/CIP filing       In   April 2015  , the BPU approved the existing BGSS rate and the reduction in CIP rates, effective   October 2014  , which resulted in a   4.3 percent   decrease to an average residential heat customer s bill. Additionally, in   October 2014  , NJNG implemented a decrease to its BGSS price, which resulted in a   5 percent   decrease to the average residential heat customer s bill. 

June 2015 BGSS/CIP filing       On   February 24, 2016  , the BPU approved NJNG s proposal to continue its existing BGSS rate and to increase its CIP rates resulting in a   .08 percent   increase to the average residential heat customer s bill effective   October 2015  . NJNG also provided bill credits to residential and small commercial customers from November 2015 through February 2016, as a result of the decline in the wholesale price of natural gas, which totaled   $61.6 million  . 

June 2016 BGSS/CIP filing       NJNG filed a petition with the BPU to increase its CIP rates resulting in an   8.2 percent   increase to the average residential heat customer s bill and to decrease its BGSS rate for residential and small commercial customers resulting in a   5.5 percent   decrease to the average residential heat customer s bill, effective   October 1, 2016  , which was approved by the BPU on a provisional basis on   September 23, 2016  . This petition also included proposed bill credits to residential and small commercial customers during the months of November 2016 through February 2017, as a result of a decline in the wholesale price of natural gas. On   September 16, 2016  , NJNG notified the BPU that the  
     
   Page   90 

    New Jersey Resources Corporation 
  Part II 
    
  ITEM 8.  FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA (Continued)                                                             

estimated bill credits will be approximately   $48 million   and will result in a   10.6 percent   decrease to the average residential heat customer s bill. 
    
  BGSS Incentive Programs 
    
  NJNG is eligible to receive financial incentives for reducing BGSS costs through a series of utility gross margin-sharing programs that include off-system sales, capacity release, storage incentive programs and the FRM program (through October 31, 2015). The Company is permitted to annually propose a process to evaluate and discuss alternative incentive programs, should performance of the existing incentives or market conditions warrant re-evaluation. In   March 2015  , NJNG filed a petition with the BPU to continue its existing BGSS Incentive Programs. On   October 15, 2015  , the BPU issued an order approving the continuation of the BGSS Incentive Programs with modification to the storage incentive program, beginning with the 2015 storage injection period, and termination of the FRM Program, effective   November 1, 2015  . 
    
  SAVEGREEN 
    
  SAVEGREEN conducts home energy audits and provides various grants, incentives and financing alternatives, which are designed to encourage the installation of high efficiency heating and cooling equipment and other energy efficiency upgrades to promote energy efficiency incentives to its residential and commercial customers while stimulating state and local economies through the creation of jobs. Depending on the specific initiative or approval, NJNG recovers costs associated with the programs over a   two   to   10  -year period through a tariff rider mechanism. As of   September 30, 2016  , the BPU has approved total SAVEGREEN investments of approximately   $219.3 million  , of which,   $136.6 million   in grants, rebates and loans has been provided to customers, with a total annual recovery of approximately   $20 million  . The recovery includes a weighted average cost of capital that ranges from   6.69 percent  , with a return on equity of   9.75 percent  , to   7.76 percent  , with a return on equity of   10.3 percent  . SAVEGREEN investments and costs are filed with the BPU on an annual basis and include the following: 

Societal Benefits Clause 
    
  The SBC is comprised of three primary riders that allow NJNG to recover costs associated with USF, which is a permanent statewide program for all natural gas and electric utilities for the benefit of income-eligible customers, MGP remediation, and the NJCEP. NJNG has submitted the following filings to the BPU, which includes a report of program expenditures incurred each program year: 

2014 SBC filing       In   May 2015  , the BPU approved a decrease to NJNG s SBC rate, resulting in a   3.3 percent   decrease to the average residential heat customer s bill, effective   June 2015  , and approved the recovery of NJNG s MGP expenditures incurred through   June 2014  . The rate includes a reduction in the SBC RA factor to   $8.5 million   annually and the NJCEP factor to   $16.3 million   annually. 

2015 SBC filings       In   September 2015  , the BPU approved the   June 2015   annual USF compliance filing decreasing the statewide USF rate, resulting in a   .6 percent   decrease to the average residential heat customer s total bill, effective   October 2015  . On   December 24, 2015  , NJNG filed an SBC petition with the BPU to increase the RA factor, to decrease the NJCEP factor and to request approval of its remediation expenses incurred through   June 30, 2015  , resulting in an overall decrease of   .8 percent   to the average residential heat customer s bill. On   June 29, 2016  , the BPU approved the Company s request to modify its rates as proposed, effective   July 9, 2016  , with recovery of   $9.4 million   annually related to the SBC RA factor. 

2016 SBC filing       On   June 23, 2016  , NJNG submitted its annual USF compliance filing proposing to increase the statewide USF rate, resulting in a   .2 percent   increase to the average residential heat customer s bill, effective   October 1, 2016  , which was approved by the BPU on   September 23, 2016  . 
     
   Page   91 

    New Jersey Resources Corporation 
  Part II 
    
  ITEM 8.  FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA (Continued)                                                             

Infrastructure Programs 
    
  NJNG has significant annual capital expenditures associated with the management of its natural gas distribution and transmission system, including new utility plant for customer growth and its associated PIM and infrastructure programs. NJNG continues to implement BPU-approved infrastructure projects that are designed to enhance the reliability of NJNG s gas distribution system, including SAFE and NJ RISE. 
    
  SAFE 
    
  In   October 2012  , the BPU approved NJNG s petition to implement SAFE I, investing up to   $130 million  , exclusive of AFUDC, over a   four  -year period to replace portions of NJNG s gas distribution unprotected steel, cast iron infrastructure and associated services in order to improve the safety and reliability of the gas distribution system. The rate mechanism for recovery of SAFE I capital investments and a five-year extension of SAFE II were approved through NJNG s base rate case, effective October 1, 2016. The estimated cost for SAFE II is approximately   $200 million  , excluding AFUDC and related costs to be recovered are approximately   $157.5 million  . As a condition of approval of the extension, NJNG is required to file a base rate case no later than November 2019. 
    
  NJ RISE 
    
  In   July 2014  , the BPU approved NJ RISE, which consists of   six   capital investment projects estimated to cost   $102.5 million   over a   five  -year period, excluding AFUDC, for gas distribution storm hardening and mitigation projects, along with incremental depreciation expense. On   October 15, 2015  , the BPU approved a base rate increase to recover capital costs through   July 2015  , resulting in a   .07 percent   increase to the average residential heat customer s bill, effective   November 1, 2015  , and earned a weighted average cost of capital of   6.74 percent  , including a return on equity of   9.75 percent  . NJ RISE investments through June 30, 2016 were approved for recovery through NJNG s new base rates effective October 1, 2016. Requests for recovery of future NJ RISE capital costs will occur in conjunction with SAFE II, commencing with the rate recovery filing to be submitted in March 2017 with a weighted cost of capital of   6.9 percent  , including a return on equity of   9.75 percent  . 
    
  NGV refueling stations 
    
  In   June 2012  , the BPU approved a pilot program for NJNG to invest up to   $10 million   to build NGV refueling stations.       As of   September 30, 2016  , NJNG has opened all   three   of its NGV stations to the public and NJNG s capital investments were approved for recovery through NJNG s new base rates, effective October 1, 2016. 
    
  SRL 
    
  The SRL is an approximate 30-mile, 30-inch transmission main designed to support improved system integrity and reliability in the southern portion of NJNG s service territory, estimated to cost between   $175 million   and   $180 million  . On   January 27, 2016  , the BPU issued an order approving NJNG s proposed SRL pipeline installation, operation and route selection, as modified by NJNG, including specific requirements regarding permitting, safety and integrity assessment. On   March 18, 2016  , the BPU issued an order designating the SRL route and exempting the SRL from municipal land use ordinances, regulations, permits and license requirements. These two BPU orders have been appealed by third parties. We believe that they will be upheld on appeal. 
    
  The capital investment associated with the SRL was initially included for recovery in NJNG s base rate case petition, filed with the BPU on   November 13, 2015  . On   May 4, 2016  , NJNG supplemented its base rate case testimony supporting its November 2015 petition, which amended the accounting treatment and noted that the project would not be completed by December 31, 2016. As construction has not yet commenced, rate treatment for SRL was not included in its new base rates. NJNG expects to request rate treatment in a future rate proceeding. 
    
  Other Regulatory Initiatives 
    
  On   May 20, 2016  , NJNG included a proposal in its base rate case to recover certain capital costs and incremental operation and maintenance costs related to a   March 2016   BPU Order regarding new cyber security requirements. On June 2016, NJNG s liquefaction project became operational, allowing NJNG to convert natural gas into LNG and to fill NJNG s existing LNG storage tanks. Costs for this project along with other plant upgrades were approximately   $36.5 million  . Costs associated with both initiatives were approved for recovery through NJNG s new base rates, effective   October 1, 2016  . 
  
   Page   92 

New Jersey Resources Corporation 
  Part II 
    
  ITEM 8.  FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA (Continued)                                                             

4. 
    DERIVATIVE INSTRUMENTS 
       
  The Company is subject to commodity price risk due to fluctuations in the market price of natural gas, SRECs and electricity. To manage this risk, the Company enters into a variety of derivative instruments including, but not limited to, futures contracts, physical forward contracts, financial options and swaps to economically hedge the commodity price risk associated with its existing and anticipated commitments to purchase and sell natural gas, SRECs and electricity. In addition, the Company may utilize foreign currency derivatives to hedge Canadian dollar denominated gas purchases and/or sales. Therefore, the Company s primary underlying risks include commodity prices, interest rates and foreign currency. These contracts, with a few exceptions as described below, are accounted for as derivatives. Accordingly, all of the financial and certain of the Company s physical derivative instruments are recorded at fair value on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. For a more detailed discussion of the Company s fair value measurement policies and level disclosures associated with NJR s derivative instruments, see   Note 5. Fair Value  . 
    
  NJRES 
    
  Since NJRES chooses not to designate its financial commodity and physical forward commodity derivatives as accounting hedges or to elect NPNS, changes in the fair value of these derivatives are recorded as a component of gas purchases or operating revenues, as appropriate for NJRES, on the Consolidated Statements of Operations as unrealized gains or (losses). For NJRES at settlement, realized gains and (losses) on all financial derivative instruments are recognized as a component of gas purchases and realized gains and (losses) on all physical derivatives follow the presentation of the related unrealized gains and (losses) as a component of either gas purchases or operating revenues. 
    
  NJRES also enters into natural gas transactions in Canada and, consequently, is exposed to fluctuations in the value of Canadian currency relative to the U.S. dollar. NJRES may utilize foreign currency derivatives to lock in the exchange  rate associated with natural gas transactions denominated in Canadian currency. The derivatives may include currency forwards, futures, or swaps and are accounted for as derivatives. These derivatives are typically used to hedge demand fee payments on pipeline capacity, storage and gas purchase agreements. For transactions occurring on or before December 31, 2015, NJRES designates its foreign exchange contracts as cash flow hedges, and the effective portion of the hedges are recorded in OCI. Effective January 1, 2016, on a prospective basis, the Company has elected not to designate its foreign currency derivatives as accounting hedges. Accordingly, changes in the fair value of foreign exchange contracts entered into from January 1, 2016, are recognized in gas purchases on the Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
    
  As a result of NJRES entering into transactions to borrow natural gas, commonly referred to as  park and loans,  an embedded derivative is recognized relating to differences between the fair value of the amount borrowed and the fair value of the amount that will ultimately be repaid, based on changes in the forward price for natural gas prices at the borrowed location over the contract term. This embedded derivative is accounted for as a forward sale in the month in which the repayment of the borrowed gas is expected to occur, and is considered a derivative transaction that is recorded at fair value on the Consolidated Balance Sheets, with changes in value recognized in current period earnings. 
    
  Expected production of SRECs is hedged through the use of forward and futures contracts. All contracts require the Company to physically deliver SRECs through the transfer of certificates as per contractual settlement schedules. For transactions occurring on or before December 31, 2015, the Company elected NPNS accounting treatment on SREC forward and futures contracts. Effective January 1, 2016, on a prospective basis, NJRES no longer elects NPNS accounting treatment on SREC contracts entered into from January 1, 2016, and recognizes changes in the fair value of these derivatives as a component of operating revenues. Upon settlement of the contract, the related revenue is recognized when the SREC is transferred to the counterparty. NPNS is a contract-by-contract election and, where it makes sense to do so, we can and may elect certain contracts to be normal. 
    
  NJNG 
    
  Changes in fair value of NJNG s financial commodity derivatives are recorded as a component of regulatory assets or  liabilities on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. The Company elects NPNS accounting treatment on all physical commodity contracts that NJNG entered into on or before December 31, 2015, and accounts for these contracts on an accrual basis. Accordingly, physical natural gas purchases are recognized in regulatory assets or liabilities on the Consolidated Balance Sheets when the contract settles and the natural gas is delivered. The average cost of natural gas is amortized in current period earnings based on the current BPU BGSS factor and therm sales. Effective January 1, 2016, on a prospective basis, NJNG no longer elects NPNS accounting treatment on all of its physical commodity contracts entered into from January 1, 2016. However, since NPNS is a contract-by-contract election, where it makes sense to do so, we can and may elect certain contracts to be normal. Because NJNG  
  
   Page   93 

    New Jersey Resources Corporation 
  Part II 
    
  ITEM 8.  FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA (Continued)                                                             

recovers these amounts through future BGSS rates as increases or decreases to the cost of natural gas in NJNG s tariff for gas service, the changes in fair value of these contracts are deferred as a component of regulatory assets or liabilities on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
    
  In an April 2014 BPU Order, NJNG received regulatory approval to enter into interest rate risk management transactions related to long-term debt securities. On June 1, 2015, NJNG entered into a treasury lock transaction to fix a benchmark treasury rate of   3.26 percent   associated with a forecasted   $125 million   debt issuance expected in May 2018. This forecasted debt issuance coincides with the maturity of NJNG s existing   $125 million  ,   5.6 percent   notes due   May 15, 2018  . The change in fair value of NJNG s treasury lock agreement is recorded as a component of regulatory assets or liabilities on the Consolidated Balance Sheets since NJNG believes that the market value upon settlement will be recovered in future rates. Upon settlement, any gain or loss will be amortized into earnings over the life of the future underlying debt issuance. 
    
  Fair Value of Derivatives 
    
  The following table reflects the fair value of NJR s derivative assets and liabilities recognized on the Consolidated Balance Sheets as of   September 30  : 

Offsetting of Derivatives 
    
  NJR transacts under master netting arrangements or equivalent agreements that allow it to offset derivative assets and liabilities with the same counterparty. However, NJR s policy is to present its derivative assets and liabilities on a gross basis at the contract level unit of account on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 

Page   94 

    New Jersey Resources Corporation 
  Part II 
    
  ITEM 8.  FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA (Continued)                                                             

The following table summarizes the reported gross amounts, the amounts that NJR has the right to offset but elects not to, financial collateral, as well as the net amounts NJR could present on the Consolidated Balance Sheets but elects not to. 

(1) 
    Derivative assets and liabilities are presented on a gross basis in the balance sheet as the Company does not elect balance sheet offsetting under ASC 210-20. 
              (2) 
    Offsetting derivative instruments include transactions with NAESB netting election, transactions held by FCMs with net margining and transactions with ISDA netting. 
              (3) 
    Financial collateral includes cash balances at FCMs, as well as cash received from or pledged to other counterparties. 
              (4) 
    Net amounts represent presentation of derivative assets and liabilities if the Company were to elect balance sheet offsetting under ASC 210-20. 
       
  NJRES utilizes financial derivatives to economically hedge the gross margin associated with the purchase of physical gas to be used for storage injection and its subsequent sale at a later date. The gains or (losses) on the financial transactions that are economic hedges of the cost of the purchased gas are recognized prior to the gains or (losses) on the physical transaction, which are recognized in earnings when the natural gas is delivered. Therefore, mismatches between the timing of the recognition of realized gains or (losses) on the financial derivative instruments and gains or (losses) associated with the actual sale of the natural  
  
   Page   95 

    New Jersey Resources Corporation 
  Part II 
    
  ITEM 8.  FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA (Continued)                                                             

gas that is being economically hedged along with fair value changes in derivative instruments creates volatility in the results of NJRES, although the Company s intended economic results relating to the entire transaction are unaffected. 
    
  The following table reflects the effect of derivative instruments on the Consolidated Statements of Operations as of   September 30  : 

NJRES designated its foreign exchange contracts, entered into prior to January 1, 2016, as cash flow hedges and, as a result, changes in fair value of the effective portion of the hedges are recorded in OCI and, upon settlement of the contracts, realized gains and (losses) are reclassified from AOCI to gas purchases on the Consolidated Statements of Operations. The following table reflects the effect of derivative instruments designated as cash flow hedges on OCI as of   September 30  : 

NJNG s derivative contracts are part of the Company s risk management activities that relate to its natural gas purchases, BGSS incentive programs and debt financing. These transactions are entered into pursuant to regulatory approval and, at settlement, the resulting gains and/or losses are payable to or recoverable from utility customers. Any changes in the value of NJNG s financial derivatives are deferred in regulatory assets or liabilities resulting in no impact to earnings. 
    
  The following table reflects the (losses) gains associated with NJNG s derivative instruments as of   September 30  : 

NJNG and NJRES had the following outstanding long (short) derivatives as of   September 30  : 

Not included in the previous table are NJRES  gross notional amount of foreign currency transactions of approximately   $3.6 million  , NJNG s treasury lock agreement, as previously discussed, and   148,000   SRECs at NJRES that are open as of   September 30, 2016  . 
  
   Page   96 

    New Jersey Resources Corporation 
  Part II 
    
  ITEM 8.  FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA (Continued)                                                             

Broker Margin 
    
  Generally, exchange-traded futures contracts require posted collateral, referred to as margin, usually in the form of cash. The amount of margin required is comprised of a fixed initial amount based on exchange requirements and a variable amount based on a daily mark-to-market. The Company maintains separate broker margin accounts for NJNG and NJRES. The balances as of   September 30  , by company, are as follows: 

Wholesale Credit Risk 
    
  NJNG, NJRES and NJRCEV are exposed to credit risk as a result of their sales/wholesale marketing activities. As a result of the inherent volatility in the prices of natural gas commodities, derivatives, SRECs, electricity and RECs, the market value of contractual positions with individual counterparties could exceed established credit limits or collateral provided by those counterparties. If a counterparty fails to perform the obligations under its contract (e.g., failed to deliver or pay for natural gas, SRECs, electricity or RECs), then the Company could sustain a loss. 
    
  NJR monitors and manages the credit risk of its wholesale operations through credit policies and procedures that management believes reduce overall credit risk. These policies include a review and evaluation of current and prospective counterparties  financial statements and/or credit ratings, daily monitoring of counterparties  credit limits and exposure, daily communication with traders regarding credit status and the use of credit mitigation measures, such as collateral requirements and netting agreements. Examples of collateral include letters of credit and cash received for either prepayment or margin deposit. Collateral may be requested due to NJR s election not to extend credit or because exposure exceeds defined thresholds. Most of NJR s wholesale marketing contracts contain standard netting provisions. These contracts include those governed by ISDA and the NAESB. The netting provisions refer to payment netting, whereby receivables and payables with the same counterparty are offset and the resulting net amount is paid to the party to which it is due. 
    
  Internally-rated exposure applies to counterparties that are not rated by S P or Moody s. In these cases, the counterparty s or guarantor s financial statements are reviewed, and similar methodologies and ratios used by S P and/or Moody s are applied to arrive at a substitute rating. Gross credit exposure is defined as the unrealized fair value of physical and financial derivative commodity contracts, plus any outstanding wholesale receivable for the value of natural gas delivered and/or financial derivative commodity contract that has settled for which payment has not yet been received. 
    
  The following is a summary of gross credit exposures grouped by investment and noninvestment grade counterparties, as of   September 30, 2016  .The amounts presented below have not been reduced by any collateral received or netting and exclude accounts receivable for NJNG retail natural gas sales and services and NJRCEV residential solar installations. 

Conversely, certain of NJNG s and NJRES  derivative instruments are linked to agreements containing provisions that would require cash collateral payments from the Company if certain events occur. These provisions vary based upon the terms in individual counterparty agreements and can result in cash payments if NJNG s credit rating were to fall below its current level. NJNG s credit rating, with respect to S P, reflects the overall corporate credit profile of NJR. Specifically, most, but not all, of these additional payments will be triggered if NJNG s debt is downgraded by the major credit agencies, regardless of investment grade status. In addition, some of these agreements include threshold amounts that would result in additional collateral payments if the values of derivative liabilities were to exceed the maximum values provided for in relevant counterparty agreements. Other provisions include payment features that are not specifically linked to ratings, but are based on certain financial metrics. 
  
   Page   97 

    New Jersey Resources Corporation 
  Part II 
    
  ITEM 8.  FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA (Continued)                                                             

Collateral amounts associated with any of these conditions are determined based on a sliding scale and are contingent upon the degree to which the Company s credit rating and/or financial metrics deteriorate, and the extent to which liability amounts exceed applicable threshold limits. The aggregate fair value of all derivative instruments with credit-risk-related contingent features that were in a liability position on   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , is   $23.1 million   and   $4.2 million  , respectively, for which the Company had not posted collateral. If all thresholds related to the credit-risk-related contingent features underlying these agreements had been invoked on   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , the Company would have been required to post an additional   $23.1 million   and   $4.2 million  , respectively, to its counterparties. These amounts differ from the respective net derivative liabilities reflected on the Consolidated Balance Sheets because the agreements also include clauses, commonly known as  Rights of Offset,  that would permit the Company to offset its derivative assets against its derivative liabilities for determining additional collateral to be posted, as previously discussed. 

5. 
    FAIR VALUE 
       
  Fair Value of Assets and Liabilities 
    
  The fair value of cash and temporary investments, accounts receivable, current loan receivables, accounts payable, commercial paper and borrowings under revolving credit facilities are estimated to equal their carrying amounts due to the short maturity of those instruments. Non-current loan receivables are recorded based on what the Company expects to receive, which approximates fair value. The Company regularly evaluates the credit quality and collection profile of its customers to approximate fair value. 
    
  As of September 30, the estimated fair value of long-term debt at NJNG and NJR, including current maturities and excluding capital leases, is as follows: 

NJR utilizes a discounted cash flow method to determine the fair value of its debt. Inputs include observable municipal and corporate yields, as appropriate, for the maturity of the specific issue and the Company s credit rating. As of   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , NJR discloses its debt within Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy. 
    
  Fair Value Hierarchy 
    
  NJR applies fair value measurement guidance to its financial assets and liabilities, as appropriate, which include financial derivatives and physical commodity contracts qualifying as derivatives, available for sale securities and other financial assets and liabilities. In addition, authoritative accounting literature prescribes the use of a fair value hierarchy that prioritizes the inputs to valuation techniques used to measure fair value based on the source of the data used to develop the price inputs. The hierarchy gives the highest priority to unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities and the lowest priority to inputs that are based on unobservable market data and include the following: 
    
           Level 1 
    Unadjusted quoted prices for identical assets or liabilities in active markets. NJR s Level 1 assets and liabilities include exchange traded natural gas futures and options contracts, listed equities and money market funds.   Exchange traded futures and options contracts include all energy contracts traded on the NYMEX, CME and ICE that NJR refers internally to as basis swaps, fixed swaps, futures and financial options that are cleared through a FCM. 
       
           Level 2 
    Other significant observable inputs, such as interest rates or   price data, including both commodity and basis pricing that is observed either directly or indirectly from publications or pricing services. NJR s Level 2 assets and liabilities include over-the-counter physical forward commodity contracts and swap contracts, SREC forward sales or derivatives that are initially valued using observable quotes and are subsequently adjusted to include time value, credit risk or estimated transport pricing components for which no basis price is available.   Level 2 financial derivatives consist of  
     
   Page   98 

    New Jersey Resources Corporation 
  Part II 
    
  ITEM 8.  FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA (Continued)                                                             

transactions with non-FCM counterparties (basis swaps, fixed swaps and/or options). NJNG s treasury lock is also considered Level 2 as valuation is based on quoted market interest and swap rates as inputs to the valuation model. Inputs are verifiable and do not require significant management judgment. For some physical commodity contracts, the Company utilizes transportation tariff rates that are publicly available and that it considers to be observable inputs that are equivalent to market data received from an independent source. There are no significant judgments or adjustments applied to the transportation tariff inputs and no market perspective is required. Even if the transportation tariff input were considered to be a  model,  it would still be considered to be a Level 2 input as the data is: 

widely accepted and public; 

non-proprietary and sourced from an independent third party; and 

observable and published. 
       
  These additional adjustments are generally not considered to be significant to the ultimate recognized values. 
    
           Level 3 
    Inputs derived from a significant amount of unobservable market data. These include NJR s best estimate of fair value and are derived primarily through the use of internal valuation methodologies. 
       
  NJNG s and NJRES  financial derivatives portfolios consist mainly of futures, options and swaps. NJR primarily uses the market approach and its policy is to use actively quoted market prices when available. The principal market for its derivative transactions is the natural gas wholesale market, therefore, the primary sources for its price inputs are CME, NYMEX and ICE. NJRES uses Platts and Natural Gas Exchange for Canadian delivery points. However, NJRES also engages in transactions that result in transporting natural gas to delivery points for which there is no actively quoted market price. In most instances, the transportation cost to the final delivery location is not significant to the overall valuation. If required, NJRES  policy is to use the best information available to determine fair value based on internal pricing models, which would include estimates extrapolated from broker quotes or other pricing services. 
    
  NJR also has available for sale securities and other financial assets that include listed equities, mutual funds and money market funds for which there are active exchange quotes available. 
    
  When NJR determines fair values, measurements are adjusted, as needed, for credit risk associated with its counterparties, as well as its own credit risk. NJR determines these adjustments by using historical default probabilities that correspond to the applicable S P issuer ratings, while also taking into consideration collateral and netting arrangements that serve to mitigate risk.  

Page   99 

    New Jersey Resources Corporation 
  Part II 
    
  ITEM 8.  FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA (Continued)                                                             

Assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis are summarized as follows: 

(1) 
    Includes various money market funds. 

6. 
    INVESTMENTS IN EQUITY INVESTEES 
       
  As of   September 30  , NJR s investments in equity method investees includes the following: 

(1)  Includes loans with a total outstanding principal balance of   $70.4 million   for both   fiscal 2016   and   2015  , which accrue interest at a variable rate that resets quarterly and are due   October 1, 2023  . 
    
  NJRES and NJNG have entered into storage and park and loan agreements with Steckman Ridge. In addition, NJNG has entered into a precedent capacity agreement with PennEast, which is estimated to be in service by   the first quarter of fiscal 2019   See   Note 15. Related Party Transactions   for more information on these intercompany transactions. During the fourth quarter of fiscal 2014, NJR, through a subsidiary, NJR Pipeline Company, formed PennEast with four other investors, with another investor joining in October 2014, plans to construct and operate an   118  -mile pipeline that will extend from northeast Pennsylvania to western New Jersey. 

Page   100 

New Jersey Resources Corporation 
  Part II 
    
  ITEM 8.  FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA (Continued)                                                             

7. 
    EARNINGS PER SHARE 
       
  The following table presents the calculation of the Company s basic and diluted earnings per share for the fiscal years ended   September 30  : 

(1) 
    Incremental shares consist primarily of unvested stock awards and performance units. 

NJNG and NJR finance working capital requirements and capital expenditures through the issuance of various long-term debt and other financing arrangements, including unsecured credit and private placement debt shelf facilities. Amounts available under credit facilities are reduced by bank or commercial paper borrowings, as applicable, and any outstanding letters of credit. 
    
  The following table presents the long-term debt of the Company as of   September 30  : 

Page   101 

    New Jersey Resources Corporation 
  Part II 
    
  ITEM 8.  FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA (Continued)                                                             

Annual long-term debt redemption requirements, excluding capital leases, as of   September 30  , are as follows: 

NJNG First Mortgage Bonds 
    
  NJNG and Trustee, entered into the Mortgage Indenture, dated September 1, 2014, which secures all of the outstanding First Mortgage Bonds issued under the Old Mortgage Indenture. The Mortgage Indenture provides a direct first mortgage lien upon substantially all of the operating properties and franchises of NJNG (other than excepted property, such as cash on hand, choses-in-action, securities, rent, natural gas meters and certain materials, supplies, appliances and vehicles), subject only to certain permitted encumbrances. The Mortgage Indenture contains provisions subjecting after-acquired property (other than excepted property and subject to pre-existing liens, if any, at the time of acquisition) to the lien thereof. 
    
  NJNG s Mortgage Indenture no longer contains a restriction on the ability of NJNG to pay dividends. New Jersey Administrative Code 14:4-4.7 states that a public utility cannot issue dividends if its equity to total capitalization ratio falls below   30 percent   without regulatory approval. As of   September 30, 2016  , NJNG s equity to total capitalization ratio is   53.2 percent   and  has the ability to issue up to   $849 million   of FMB under the terms of the Mortgage Indenture. 
    
  NJNG has variable rate EDA Bonds with a total principal amount of   $97 million   and maturity dates ranging from   September 2027   to   August 2041  . The EDA Bonds are not subject to optional tender while they bear interest at a LIBOR index rate. As of   September 30, 2016  , the interest rate on the EDA Bonds was   .92 percent  . 
    
  On   April 15, 2013  , NJNG issued   $50 million   of   3.15 percent   senior secured notes due   April 15, 2028  , in the private         placement market pursuant to a note purchase agreement entered into on February 8, 2013. Interest is payable semi-annually. The proceeds were used to refinance short-term debt and will fund capital expenditure requirements. 
    
  On   March 13, 2014  , NJNG issued   $70 million   of   3.58 percent   senior notes due   March 13, 2024  , and   $55 million   of   4.61 percent   senior notes due   March 13, 2044  , secured by FMB in the private placement market pursuant to a note purchase agreement entered into on February 7, 2014. The proceeds were used to pay down short-term debt and redeem NJNG s   $60 million  ,   4.77 percent   private placement bonds on March 15, 2014. 
    
  On   May 27, 2014  , NJNG redeemed the   $12 million  ,   5 percent   Series HH bonds, which were callable as of   December 1, 2013  . 
    
  On   April 15, 2015  , NJNG issued   $50 million   of   2.82 percent   senior notes due   April 15, 2025  , and   $100 million   of   3.66 percent   senior notes due   April 15, 2045  , secured by FMB in the private placement market pursuant to a note purchase agreement entered into on February 12, 2015. The proceeds of the notes were used for general corporate purposes, to refinance or retire debt and to fund capital expenditure requirements. 
    
  On   June 21, 2016  , NJNG entered into a Note Purchase Agreement, under which NJNG issued   $125 million   of its   3.63 percent   senior notes due   June 21, 2046  . The notes are secured by an equal principal amount of NJNG s FMB (series UU) issued under NJNG s Mortgage Indenture. The proceeds of the notes will be used for general corporate purposes, including, but not limited to, refinancing or retiring short-term debt and funding capital expenditures. 
    
  NJNG Sale-Leasebacks 
    
  NJNG has entered into a sale-leaseback for its headquarters building, which has a   25.5  -year term that expires in   June 2021  , subject to an option by NJNG to renew the lease for additional   five  -year terms a maximum of   four   times. The present value of the agreement s minimum lease payments is reflected as both a capital lease asset and a capital lease obligation, which are included in utility plant and long-term debt, respectively, on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
  
   Page   102 

    New Jersey Resources Corporation 
  Part II 
    
  ITEM 8.  FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA (Continued)                                                             

NJNG received   $7.1 million  ,   $7.2 million   and   $7.6 million   for   fiscal 2016  ,   2015   and   2014  , respectively, in connection with the sale-leaseback of its natural gas meters. NJNG records a capital lease obligation that is paid over the term of the lease and has the option to purchase the meters back at fair value upon expiration of the lease. During   fiscal 2016  ,   2015   and   2014  , NJNG exercised early purchase options with respect to meter leases by making final principal payments of   $1.9 million  ,   $768,000   and   $956,000  , respectively. NJNG continues to evaluate this sale-leaseback program based on current market conditions. 
    
  Contractual commitments for capital lease payments, as of the fiscal years ended September 30, are as follows:   

NJR Long-term Debt 
    
  NJR has   two   unsecured, uncommitted private placement debt shelf note agreements. These debt shelf note agreements are used for general corporate purposes, including working capital and capital expenditures. 
    
  The first agreement was entered into with Prudential on   June 30, 2011  , in the amount of   $75 million  , which expired on   June 30, 2014  , and was amended effective   July 25, 2014  , by the First Amendment to the Prudential Facility, which allowed for another   $100 million   under the Prudential Facility. The notes issued under the Prudential Facility are guaranteed by certain unregulated subsidiaries of NJR. NJR has   $50 million   at   3.25 percent   outstanding under this agreement, which will mature on   September 17, 2022  . On November 7, 2014, NJR issued another   $100 million   in senior notes at   3.48 percent   under this facility due   November 7, 2024  . 
    
  On   September 26, 2013  , NJR entered into an unsecured, uncommitted   $100 million   private placement shelf note agreement with MetLife. The MetLife Facility allowed NJR to issue senior notes to MetLife or certain of MetLife s affiliates during a   three  -year issuance period that ended on   September 26, 2016   and was not renewed. There were no notes outstanding under the expired facility. 
    
  Additionally, NJR entered into another debt shelf note agreement on   May 12, 2011  , in the amount of   $100 million  , which expired on   May 10, 2013  . As of   September 30, 2016  , NJR had   two   series of notes outstanding under this agreement,   $25 million   at   1.94 percent  , which matured on   September 15, 2015  , and   $25 million   at   2.51 percent  , which will mature on   September 15, 2018  . Notes issued under these agreements are guaranteed by certain unregulated subsidiaries of the Company. 
  On   March 22, 2016  , NJR entered into a Note Purchase Agreement, under which the Company issued, on   August 18, 2016  ,   $50 million   of the Company s   3.2 percent   senior notes due   August 18, 2023  , and   $100 million   of the Company s   3.54 percent   senior notes due   August 18, 2026  . The notes are not secured by assets, but are instead guaranteed by certain unregulated subsidiaries of the Company. The proceeds of the notes will be used for general corporate purposes, including working capital and capital expenditures. 
    
  NJR had   no   long-term, variable-rate debt outstanding as of   September 30, 2016   and   2015  . 
  
   Page   103 

    New Jersey Resources Corporation 
  Part II 
    
  ITEM 8.  FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA (Continued)                                                             

A summary of NJR s and NJNG s short-term bank facilities as of   September 30,   are as follows: 

(1) 
    Committed credit facilities, which require commitment fees of   .075 percent   on the unused amounts. 
               (3) 
    Uncommitted credit facilities, which require no commitment fees. 
              (4) 
    Committed credit facilities, which require commitment fees of   .075 percent   on the unused amounts. 
        
  NJR Short-term Debt 
    
  On   September 28, 2015  , NJR entered into a   $425 million   unsecured, committed credit facility scheduled to expire on   September 28, 2020  , subject to two mutual options for a one-year extension beyond that date. The NJR Credit Facility includes an accordion feature, which would allow NJR, in the absence of a default or event of default, to increase from time to time, with the existing or new lenders, the revolving credit commitments under the NJR Credit Facility in minimum   $5 million   increments up to a maximum of   $100 million  . The credit facility is used primarily to finance its share repurchases, to satisfy NJRES  short-term liquidity needs and to finance, on an initial basis, unregulated investments. 
    
  As of   September 30, 2016  , NJR has   seven   letters of credit outstanding totaling   $14.4 million  .   Two   letters of credit totaling   $9.1 million   are issued on behalf of NJRES and   five   letters of credit, which total   $5.3 million  , are issued on behalf of NJRCEV. These letters of credit reduce the amount available under NJR s committed credit facility by the same amount. NJR does not anticipate that these letters of credit will be drawn upon by the counterparties, and they will be renewed as necessary. 
    
  NJRES  letters of credit are used for margin requirements for natural gas transactions and expire on dates ranging from    December 2016   to   March 2017  . NJRCEV s letters of credit are used to secure construction of ground-mounted solar projects and to secure obligations pursuant to an Interconnection Services Agreement. They expire on dates ranging from   May 2017   to   August 2017  . 
    
  On   October 24, 2014  , NJR entered into a   $100 million   uncommitted line of credit agreement, with Santander Bank, N.A., which expired on   October 24, 2015  . 
    
  Neither NJNG nor the results of its operations are obligated or pledged to support the NJR credit or debt shelf facilities. 
    
  NJNG Short-term Debt 
    
  NJNG has a   $250 million  ,   five  -year, revolving, unsecured credit facility, which expires in   May 2019  . The NJNG Credit Facility permits the borrowing of revolving loans and swing loans, as well as the issuance of letters of credit. It also permits an increase to the facility, from time to time, with the existing or new lenders, in a minimum of   $15 million   increments up to a maximum of   $50 million   at the lending banks  discretion. 
    
  As of   September 30, 2016  , NJNG has   two   letters of credit outstanding for   $731,000  . NJNG s letters of credit are used as collateral for remediation projects and expire on   August 2017  . These letters of credit reduce the amount available under NJNG s committed credit facility by the same amount. NJNG does not anticipate that these letters of credit will be drawn upon by the counterparty, and will be renewed as necessary. 
  
   Page   104 

New Jersey Resources Corporation 
  Part II 
    
  ITEM 8.  FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA (Continued)                                                             

9. 
    STOCK-BASED COMPENSATION 
       
  In January 2007, the NJR 2007 Stock Award and Incentive Plan replaced the 2002 Employee and Outside Director Long-Term Incentive Plan. Shares have been issued in the form of options, performance shares, restricted stock and deferred retention stock. The Outside Director Stock Compensation Plan allows for the issuance of non-restricted shares to non-employee directors. As of   September 30, 2016  ,   2.6 million   and   4,223   shares remain available for future issuance to employees and directors, respectively.  
    
  The following table summarizes all stock-based compensation expense recognized during the following fiscal years: 

Performance Shares 
    
  In fiscal 2016, the Company granted to various officers   46,175   performance shares, which are market condition awards that vest on   September 30, 2018  , subject to the Company meeting certain performance conditions. In fiscal 2016, the Company also granted to various officers   69,305   performance shares, of which   38,789   vest on   September 30, 2018   and   30,516   vest annually over a   three   year period beginning on   September 30, 2016  , both of which are subject to the Company meeting certain performance conditions. 
    
  In fiscal 2015, the Company granted to various officers   41,214   performance shares, which are market condition awards that vest on   September 30, 2017  , subject to the Company meeting certain performance conditions. In fiscal 2015, the Company also granted to various officers   61,576   performance shares, of which   34,622   vest in   September 30, 2017   and   26,954   vest annually over a   three   year period beginning in   September 2015  , both of which are subject to the Company meeting certain performance conditions.  
    
  In fiscal 2014, the Company granted to various officers   69,154   performance shares, which are market condition awards that vested on   September 30, 2016  , subject to the Company meeting certain performance conditions. In fiscal 2014, the Company also granted to various officers   78,574   performance shares, of which   50,480   vested in   September 30, 2016   and   28,094   vest annually over a   three   year period beginning in   September 30, 2014  , both of which are subject to the Company meeting certain performance conditions. 
    
  There is   $3 million   of deferred compensation related to unvested performance shares that is expected to be recognized over the next   two   years. 

Page   105 

    New Jersey Resources Corporation 
  Part II 
    
  ITEM 8.  FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA (Continued)                                                             

The following table summarizes the performance share activity under the NJR 2007 Stock Award and Incentive Plan for the past three fiscal years: 

(1) 
    The number of common shares issued related to certain performance shares may range from   zero   to   150 percent   of the number of shares shown in the table above based on the Company s achievement of performance goals  . 
              (2) 
    As certified by the Company s Leadership and Compensation Committee on November 11, 2014, the number of common shares related to performance shares earned was   150 percent  , or   85,254   shares, excluding accumulated dividends. The number represented on this line is the target number of   100 percent  . See footnote   (1)   above. 
              (3) 
    As certified by the Company s Leadership and Compensation Committee on November 10, 2015, the number of common shares related to performance shares earned was   120 percent  , or   112,918   shares, excluding accumulated dividends. The number represented on this line is the target number of   100 percent  . See footnote   (1)   above. Also included in the vested number are   9,364   shares certified by the Leadership and Compensation Committee on November 11, 2014 and   8,984   shares certified by the Leadership and Compensation Committee on November 10, 2015. 
              (4) 
    As certified by the Company s Leadership and Compensation Committee on November 10, 2015,   9,364   shares were canceled due to not achieving a certain performance target. The remainder were forfeitures due to individuals departing the company. 
              (5) 
    As certified by the Company s Leadership and Compensation Committee on November 15, 2016, the number of common shares earned related to TSR performance was   85 percent   or   55,702   shares, the number of common shares earned related to NFE performance was   150 percent   or   71,808   shares, and the number of common shares earned related to Performance Based Restricted Stock was   100 percent   or   23,649   shares. Each award earned excludes accumulated dividends. The number represented on this line is the target number of   100 percent  . 
              (6) 
    As certified by the Company s Leadership and Compensation Committee on November 15, 2016,   9,366   shares were canceled due to not achieving a certain performance target. The remainder were forfeitures due to individuals departing the company. 
       
  The Company measures compensation expense related to performance shares based on the fair value of these awards at their date of grant. In accordance with ASC 718,   Compensation - Stock Compensation  , compensation expense for market condition grants are recognized for awards granted, and are not adjusted based on actual achievement of the performance goals. The Company estimated the fair value of these grants on the date of grant using a lattice model. Performance condition grants are initially fair valued at the company s stock price on grant date, and are subsequently adjusted for actual achievement of the performance goals. 
    
  Restricted Stock 
    
  In   fiscal 2016  , the Company granted   41,909   shares of restricted stock that vest annually over a   three   year period beginning   October 2016  . In fiscal 2015, the Company granted   48,542   shares of restricted stock that vest annually over a   three   year period beginning in   October 2015  . In fiscal 2015, the Company also granted   10,236   shares of restricted stock that will vest   October 15, 2017   and   3,194   that vested   September 30, 2015  . In fiscal 2014, the Company granted   33,356   shares of restricted stock that vest annually over a   three   year period beginning in   October 2014  . There is   $714,000   of deferred compensation related to unvested restricted stock shares that is expected to be recognized over the next   two   years. 

Page   106 

    New Jersey Resources Corporation 
  Part II 
    
  ITEM 8.  FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA (Continued)                                                             

The following table summarizes the restricted stock activity under the NJR 2007 Stock Award and Incentive Plan for the past three fiscal years: 

Deferred Retention Stock 
    
  Deferred retention stock awards vest immediately when granted, with shares delivered at a future date in accordance with the terms of the underlying agreements. The expense for these awards is recognized in the fiscal year in which services are rendered. The related shares are granted upon approval by the Board of Directors, which generally occurs subsequent to the fiscal year end. 
    
  The following table summarizes the deferred retention stock award under the NJR 2007 Stock Award and Incentive Plan for the past three fiscal years: 

Page   107 

    New Jersey Resources Corporation 
  Part II 
    
  ITEM 8.  FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA (Continued)                                                             

Stock Options 
    
  The following table summarizes the stock option activity: 

NJR received proceeds of   $724,000   and   $1.2 million   from the stock options exercised during   fiscal 2015   and   2014  , respectively. There were no remaining stock options outstanding as of September 30, 2015 and therefore NJR received   no   proceeds from stock options exercised during   fiscal 2016  . There were no stock options granted during   fiscal 2016  ,   2015   and   2014  . 
    
  Non-Employee Director Stock 
    
  Non-employee director compensation includes an annual January retainer that is awarded in stock. The shares vest immediately and are subsequently amortized to expense over a 12-month period. The following summarizes non-employee director share awards for the past three fiscal years: 

10. 
    EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLANS 
       
  Pension and Other Postemployment Benefit Plans 
    
  The Company has   two   trusteed, noncontributory defined benefit retirement plans covering eligible regular represented and nonrepresented employees with more than   one year   of service. Defined benefit plan benefits are based on years of service and average compensation during the highest   60   consecutive months of employment. The Company also provides postemployment medical and life insurance benefits to employees who meet certain eligibility requirements. 
    
  All represented employees of NJRHS hired on or after October 1, 2000, non-represented employees hired on or after October 1, 2009, and NJNG represented employees hired on or after January 1, 2012, are covered by an enhanced defined contribution plan instead of the defined benefit plan. Participation in the postemployment medical and life insurance plan was also frozen to new employees as of the same dates, with the exception of new NJRHS represented employees, for which benefits were frozen beginning April 3, 2012. 
    
  The Company maintains an unfunded nonqualified PEP that was established to provide employees with the full level of benefits as stated in the qualified plan without reductions due to various limitations imposed by the provisions of federal income tax laws and regulations. There were no plan assets in the nonqualified plan due to the nature of the plan. 
    
  The Company s funding policy for its pension plans is to contribute at least the minimum amount required by the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended. In   fiscal 2016   and   2015  , the Company had no minimum funding requirements. The Company made   no   discretionary contributions to the pension plans in fiscal 2015. The Company made a discretionary contribution of   $30 million   during the first quarter of fiscal 2016 to improve the funded status of the pension plans based on current actuarial assumptions. The Company does not expect to be required to make additional contributions to fund the pension plans over the following two fiscal years based on current actuarial assumptions; however, funding requirements are uncertain and can  
  
   Page   108 

    New Jersey Resources Corporation 
  Part II 
    
  ITEM 8.  FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA (Continued)                                                             

depend significantly on changes in actuarial assumptions, returns on plan assets and changes in the demographics of eligible employees and covered dependents. 
    
  There are no Federal requirements to pre-fund OPEB benefits. However, the Company is required to fund certain amounts due to regulatory agreements with the BPU. The Company contributed   $3.2 million   and   $5.7 million  , in   fiscal 2016   and   2015  , respectively, and estimates that it will contribute between   $3 million   to   $5 million   over each of the next   five years  . Additional contributions may be required based on market conditions and changes to assumptions. 
    
  The following summarizes the changes in the funded status of the plans and the related liabilities recognized on the Consolidated Balance Sheets as of   September 30  : 

(1) 
    Includes the Company s PEP. 
              (2) 
    Prior to July 1, 1998, employees were eligible to elect an additional participant contribution to enhance their benefits and contributions made during the periods were insignificant. 
       
  The Company recognizes a liability for its underfunded benefit plans as required by the   Compensation - Retirement Benefits   Topic of the ASC. The Company records the offset to regulatory assets for the portion of liability relating to NJNG and to accumulated other comprehensive income for the portion of the liability related to its unregulated operations. 

Page   109 

    New Jersey Resources Corporation 
  Part II 
    
  ITEM 8.  FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA (Continued)                                                             

The following table summarizes the amounts recognized in regulatory assets and accumulated other comprehensive income as of   September 30  : 

The amounts in regulatory assets and accumulated other comprehensive income not yet recognized as components of net periodic benefit cost as of September 30 are: 

To the extent the unrecognized amounts in  accumulated other comprehensive income  or regulatory assets exceed 10 percent of the greater of the benefit obligation or the fair value of plan assets, an amortized amount over the average expected future working lifetime of the active plan participants is recognized. Amounts included in regulatory assets and accumulated other comprehensive income expected to be recognized as components of net periodic benefit cost in fiscal   2017   are as follows: 

The accumulated benefit obligation for the pension plans, including the PEP, exceeded the fair value of plan assets. The projected benefit and accumulated benefit obligations and the fair value of plan assets as of   September 30,   are as follows: 

Page   110 

    New Jersey Resources Corporation 
  Part II 
    
  ITEM 8.  FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA (Continued)                                                             

The components of the net periodic cost for pension benefits, including the Company s PEP, and OPEB costs (principally health care and life insurance) for employees and covered dependents for fiscal years ended   September 30,   are as follows: 

Assumptions 
    
  The weighted average assumptions used to determine NJR s benefit costs during the fiscal years below and obligations as of   September 30,   are as follows: 

(1) 
    Percentages for represented and nonrepresented plans, respectively. 
       
  When measuring its projected benefit obligations, NJR uses an aggregate discount rate at which its obligation could be effectively settled. NJR determines a single weighted average discount rate based on a yield curve comprised of rates of return on a population of high quality debt issuances (AA- or better) whose cash flows (via coupons or maturities) match the timing and amount of its expected future benefit payments. Prior to October 1, 2016, the Company used the same assumed rate to measure the service and interest cost components of its net periodic benefit costs. Effective October 1, 2016, the Company changed its method of measuring its service and interest costs from the aggregate approach to a disaggregated, or spot rate, approach. Under the new approach, NJR applies the duration specific spot rates from the full yield curve, as of the measurement date, to each year s future benefit payments. NJR believes that the new method provides for a more precise measurement of its service and interest costs by aligning the timing of the plans  separate future cash flows to the corresponding spot rates on the yield curve. Accordingly, NJR will account for this change prospectively as a change in accounting estimate. 
    
  Information relating to the assumed HCCTR used to determine expected OPEB benefits as of   September 30,   and the effect of a one percent change in the rate, are as follows: 

Page   111 

    New Jersey Resources Corporation 
  Part II 
    
  ITEM 8.  FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA (Continued)                                                             

The Company s investment objective is a long-term real rate of return on assets before permissible expenses that is approximately   5 percent   greater than the assumed rate of inflation, as measured by the consumer price index. The expected long-term rate of return is based on the asset categories in which the Company invests and the current expectations and historical performance for these categories. 
    
  The mix and targeted allocation of the pension and OPEB plans  assets are as follows: 

During fiscal 2015, the Company adopted the revised mortality assumptions published by the Society of Actuaries for its pension and other postemployment benefit obligations, which reflected increased life expectancies in the United States. The adoption of the new mortality tables resulted in an increase to the projected benefit obligation for the plans. 
    
  The following benefit payments, which reflect expected future service, as appropriate, are expected to be paid during the following years: 

The Company s OPEB plans provide prescription drug benefits that are actuarially equivalent to those provided by Medicare Part D. Therefore, under the Medicare Prescription Drug, Improvement and Modernization Act of 2003, the Company qualifies for federal subsidies. 
    
  The estimated subsidy payments are as follows: 

Page   112 

    New Jersey Resources Corporation 
  Part II 
    
  ITEM 8.  FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA (Continued)                                                             

Pension and OPEB assets held in the master trust, measured at fair value, as of September 30, are summarized as follows: 

The Plan had no Level 2 or Level 3 fair value measurements during   fiscal 2016   and   2015  , and there have been no changes in valuation methodologies as of   September 30, 2016  . The following is a description of the valuation methodologies used for assets measured at fair value: 
    
  Money Market funds       Represents bank balances and money market funds that are valued based on the net asset value of shares held at year end. 
    
  Registered Investment Companies       Equity and fixed income funds valued at the net asset value of shares held by the plan at year end as reported on the active market on which the individual securities are traded. 
    
  The methods described above may produce a fair value calculation that may not be indicative of net realizable value or reflective of future fair values. Furthermore, while the Plan believes its valuation methods are appropriate and consistent with other market participants, the use of different methodologies or assumptions to determine the fair value of certain financial instruments could result in a different fair value measurement at the reporting date. 
    
  Defined Contribution Plan 
    
  The Company offers a Savings Plan to eligible employees. As of January 1, 2015, the Company matches   65 percent   of participants  contributions up to   6 percent   of base compensation. Represented NJRHS employees, non-represented employees hired on or after   October 1, 2009  , and NJNG represented employees hired on or after   January 1, 2012  , are eligible for an employer special contribution of between   3   and   4 percent   of base compensation, depending on years of service, into the Savings Plan on their behalf. The amount expensed and contributed for the matching provision of the Savings Plan was   $2.8 million   in   fiscal 2016  ,   $2.6 million   in   fiscal 2015   and   $2.2 million   in   fiscal 2014  . The amount contributed for the employer special contribution of the Savings Plan was   $571,000   in   fiscal 2016  ,   $461,000   in   fiscal 2015   and   $374,000   in   fiscal 2014  . 

11. 
    ASSET RETIREMENT OBLIGATIONS 
       
  The Company recognizes AROs when the legal obligation to retire an asset has been incurred and a reasonable estimate of fair value can be made. Accordingly, NJR recognizes AROs related to the costs associated with cutting and capping its main and service gas distribution pipelines of NJNG, which is required by New Jersey law when taking such gas distribution pipeline out of service. NJR also recognizes AROs related to NJRCEV s solar and wind assets when there are decommissioning provisions in NJRCEV s lease agreements that require removal of the asset. 
    
  Accretion amounts associated with NJNG s ARO are not reflected as an expense, but rather are deferred as a regulatory asset and netted against NJNG s regulatory liabilities, for presentation purposes, on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Accretion amounts associated with NJRCEV s ARO are recognized as a component of operations and maintenance expense on NJR s Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
  
   Page   113 

    New Jersey Resources Corporation 
  Part II 
    
  ITEM 8.  FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA (Continued)                                                             

The following is an analysis of the change in the Company s AROs for the fiscal year ended   September 30  : 

During   fiscal 2016  , NJNG revised its retirement assumptions to reflect increase in inflation rates and construction costs. These increases, were discounted using the current credit adjusted risk free rate, resulting in an increase of approximately   $5.3 million   to the ARO liability. The   $14.8 million   decrease during   fiscal 2015  , was due primarily to changes in retirement assumptions, which reflected a more accurate projection of settlement of NJNG s AROs associated with its main and service assets, and was more in line with the calculated survival curves used in a then recent depreciation study. 
    
  Accretion for the next five years is estimated to be as follows: 

A reconciliation of the U.S. federal statutory rate of   35 percent   to the effective rate from operations for the fiscal years ended   September 30, 2016  ,   2015   and   2014   is as follows: 

The income tax provision (benefit) from operations consists of the following: 

Page   114 

    New Jersey Resources Corporation 
  Part II 
    
  ITEM 8.  FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA (Continued)                                                             

The temporary differences, which give rise to deferred tax assets and (liabilities), consist of the following: 

The Company and one or more of its subsidiaries files or expects to file income and/or franchise tax returns in the U.S. Federal jurisdiction and in the states of New Jersey, New York, Connecticut, Texas, Delaware, Pennsylvania, North Carolina, Louisiana, Montana, Kansas, Iowa and the City of New York. The Company neither files in, nor believes it has a filing requirement in, any foreign jurisdictions, except Canada, which has no tax impact. 
    
  The Company s federal income tax returns through   fiscal 2013   have either been reviewed by the IRS, or the related statute of limitations has expired and all matters have been settled. Federal income tax returns for periods subsequent to fiscal 2013 are not currently under examination by the IRS. 
    
  The State of New Jersey is currently conducting a sales and use tax examination for the period from   July 1, 2011 through June 30, 2015  . All periods subsequent to those ended   September 30, 2012  , are statutorily open to examination in all applicable states with the exception of New York. In New York, all periods subsequent to   September 30, 2013  , are statutorily open to examination. 
    
  NJR evaluates its tax positions to determine the appropriate accounting and recognition of potential future obligations associated with unrecognized tax benefits. As of   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , based on its analysis, the Company determined there was no need to recognize any liabilities associated with uncertain tax positions. 
    
  As of   September 30, 2016  , the Company has consolidated federal income tax net operating losses of approximately   $78.7 million  , which generally can be carried back two years and forward 20 years. Additionally, as of   September 30, 2016  , the Company has state income tax net operating losses of approximately   $310.6 million  , which generally have a life of   20   years. The Company has recorded deferred federal and state tax assets of approximately   $45.7 million   on the Consolidated Balance Sheets, reflecting the tax benefit associated with the loss carryforwards. In addition, as of   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , the Company has recorded a valuation allowance of   $262,000   and   $176,000  , respectively, because it believes that it is more likely than not that the net operating losses related to CR R will expire unused. 
    
  In addition, as of   September 30, 2016  , the Company has an ITC/PTC carryforward of approximately   $74 million  , which has a life of   20   years. This carryforward will begin to expire in fiscal 2035. The Company expects to utilize this entire carryforward. 
  
   Page   115 

    New Jersey Resources Corporation 
  Part II 
    
  ITEM 8.  FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA (Continued)                                                             

The deferred tax assets will expire as follows: 

In December 2015, the CAA extended the 30 percent ITC for solar property that is under construction on or before December 31, 2019. The credit will decline to 26 percent for property under construction during 2020, and to 22 percent for property under construction during 2021. For any property that is under construction before 2022, but not placed in service before 2024, the ITC will be reduced to 10 percent. In addition, the CAA retroactively extended the PTC for five years through December 31, 2019, with a gradual three-year phase out for any project for which construction of the facility begins after December 31, 2016. 
    
  In September 2013, the U.S. Department of the Treasury and the IRS released final regulations that provide guidance on applying Section 263(a) of the Internal Revenue Code to amounts paid to acquire, produce, or improve tangible property, as well as rules for materials and supplies. Implementation of these final regulations in September 2013 had no material impact on NJR s and its subsidiaries  results of operations, financial condition or cash flow. 

13. 
    COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENT LIABILITIES 
       
  Cash Commitments 
    
  NJNG has entered into long-term contracts, expiring at various dates through   October 2033  , for the supply, storage and transportation of natural gas. These contracts include annual fixed charges of approximately   $85.6 million   at current contract rates and volumes, which are recoverable through BGSS. 
    
  For the purpose of securing storage and pipeline capacity, NJRES enters into storage and pipeline capacity contracts, which require the payment of certain demand charges by NJRES to maintain the ability to access such natural gas storage or pipeline capacity, during a fixed time period, which generally ranges from   one   to   10   years. Demand charges are established by interstate storage and pipeline operators and are regulated by FERC. These demand charges represent commitments to pay storage providers or pipeline companies for the right to store and/or transport natural gas utilizing their respective assets. 
    
  Commitments as of   September 30, 2016  , for natural gas purchases and future demand fees for the next five fiscal year periods, are as follows: 

(1) 
    Does not include amounts related to intercompany asset management agreements between NJRES and NJNG. 
       
  As of   September 30, 2016  , the Company s future minimum lease payments under various operating leases will not be more than   $2.3 million   annually for the next five years and   $33.2 million   in the aggregate for all years thereafter. 

Page   116 

    New Jersey Resources Corporation 
  Part II 
    
  ITEM 8.  FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA (Continued)                                                             

Guarantees 
    
  As of   September 30, 2016  , there were NJR guarantees covering approximately   $294.2 million   of NJRES  natural gas purchases and demand fee commitments not yet reflected in accounts payable on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
    
  Legal Proceedings 
    
  Manufactured Gas Plant Remediation 
    
  NJNG is responsible for the remedial cleanup of   five   MGP sites, dating back to gas operations in the late 1800s and early 1900s, which contain contaminated residues from former gas manufacturing operations. NJNG is currently involved in administrative proceedings with the NJDEP, and participating in various studies and investigations by outside consultants, to determine the nature and extent of any such contaminated residues and to develop appropriate programs of remedial action, where warranted, under Administrative Consent Orders or Memoranda of Agreement with the NJDEP. 
    
  NJNG may recover its remediation expenditures, including carrying costs, over rolling   seven  -year periods pursuant to a RA approved by the BPU. In   May 2015  , the BPU approved NJNG s September 2014 filing, which requested approval of its MGP expenditures incurred through   June 2014  , with recovery of   $8.5 million   annually related to the SBC RA factor with rates effective   June 1, 2015  . On   June 29, 2016  , the BPU approved NJNG s December 2015 filing, which requested approval of its MGP expenditures incurred through   June 30, 2015  , with recovery of   $9.4 million   annually related to the SBC RA factor with rates effective   July 9, 2016  . As of   September 30, 2016  ,   $19.6 million   of previously incurred remediation costs, net of recoveries from customers and insurance proceeds, are included in regulatory assets on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
    
  NJNG periodically, and at least annually, performs an environmental review of the MGP sites, including a review of potential liability for investigation and remedial action. NJNG estimated at the time of the most recent review that total future expenditures to remediate and monitor the   five   MGP sites for which it is responsible, including potential liabilities for Natural Resource Damages that might be brought by the NJDEP for alleged injury to groundwater or other natural resources concerning these sites, will range from approximately   $143.9 million   to   $231.6 million  . NJNG s estimate of these liabilities is based upon known facts, existing technology and enacted laws and regulations in place when the review was completed. Where it is probable that costs will be incurred, and the information is sufficient to establish a range of possible liability, NJNG accrues the most likely amount in the range. If no point within the range is more likely than the other, it is NJNG s policy to accrue the lower end of the range. Accordingly, as of   September 30, 2016  , NJNG recorded an MGP remediation liability and a corresponding regulatory asset of   $172 million   on the Consolidated Balance Sheets, based on the most likely amount. The actual costs to be incurred by NJNG are dependent upon several factors, including final determination of remedial action, changing technologies and governmental regulations, the ultimate ability of other responsible parties to pay and any insurance recoveries. 
    
  NJNG will continue to seek recovery of MGP-related costs through the RA. If any future regulatory position indicates that the recovery of such costs is not probable, the related non-recoverable costs would be charged to income in the period of such determination. 
    
  General 
    
  On February 24, 2015, a natural gas fire and explosion occurred in Stafford Township, New Jersey as a result of a natural gas leak emanating from an underground pipe. There were no fatalities, although several employees of NJNG were injured and several homes were damaged. NJNG notified its insurance carrier and believes that any costs associated with the incident, including attorneys  fees, property damage and other losses, will be substantially covered by insurance. The Company believes the resolution of any potential claims associated with the incident will not have a material effect on its financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. As of   September 30, 2016  , NJNG estimates that liabilities associated with claims will range between   $600,000   and   $3.2 million   and has accrued the lower end of the range. 
    
  The Company is party to various other claims, legal actions and complaints arising in the ordinary course of business. In the Company s opinion, the ultimate disposition of these matters will not have a material effect on its financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. 

Page   117 

New Jersey Resources Corporation 
  Part II 
    
  ITEM 8.  FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA (Continued)                                                             

14. 
    BUSINESS SEGMENT AND OTHER OPERATIONS DATA 
       
  NJR organizes its businesses based on a combination of factors, including its products and its regulatory environment. As a result, the Company manages its businesses through the following reportable segments and other operations: the Natural Gas Distribution segment consists of regulated energy and off-system, capacity and storage management operations; the Clean Energy Ventures segment consists of capital investments in clean energy projects; the Energy Services segment consists of unregulated wholesale energy operations; the Midstream segment consists of NJR s investments in natural gas transportation and storage facilities; the Home Services and Other operations consist of heating, cooling and water appliance sales, installations and services, commercial real estate development, other investments and general corporate activities. Information related to the Company s various business segments and other operations is detailed below: 

(2) 
    Included in other income, net on the Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
     
   Page   118 

    New Jersey Resources Corporation 
  Part II 
    
  ITEM 8.  FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA (Continued)                                                             

Page   119 

    New Jersey Resources Corporation 
  Part II 
    
  ITEM 8.  FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA (Continued)                                                             

The Chief Executive Officer, who uses NFE as a measure of profit or loss in measuring the results of the Company s segments and operations, is the chief operating decision maker of the Company. A reconciliation of consolidated NFE to consolidated net income is as follows: 

The Company uses derivative instruments as economic hedges of purchases and sales of physical gas inventory. For GAAP purposes, these derivatives are recorded at fair value and related changes in fair value are included in reported earnings. Revenues and cost of gas related to physical gas flow is recognized when the gas is delivered to customers. Consequently, there is a mismatch in the timing of earnings recognition between the economic hedges and physical gas flows. Timing differences occur in two ways: 

Unrealized gains and losses on derivatives are recognized in reported earnings in periods prior to physical gas inventory flows; and 

Unrealized gains and losses of prior periods are reclassified as realized gains and losses when derivatives are settled in the same period as physical gas inventory movements occur. 
       
  NFE is a measure of the earnings based on eliminating these timing differences, to effectively match the earnings effects of the economic hedges with the physical sale of gas, SRECs and foreign currency contracts. Consequently, to reconcile between net income and NFE, current period unrealized gains and losses on the derivatives are excluded from NFE as a reconciling item. Additionally, realized derivative gains and losses are also included in current period net income. However, NFE includes only realized gains and losses related to natural gas sold out of inventory, effectively matching the full earnings effects of the derivatives with realized margins on physical gas flows. NJR also calculates a quarterly tax adjustment based on an estimated annual effective tax rate for NFE purposes. 
    
  The Company s assets for the various business segments and business operations are detailed below: 

(1) 
    Consists of transactions between subsidiaries that are eliminated and reclassified in consolidation. 

15. 
    RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS 
       
  In   January 2010  , NJNG entered into a   10  -year agreement effective   April 1, 2010  , for   3   Bcf of firm storage capacity with Steckman Ridge. Under the terms of the agreement, NJNG incurs demand fees, at market rates, of approximately   $9.3 million   annually, a portion of which is eliminated in consolidation. These fees are recoverable through NJNG s BGSS mechanism and are included in regulatory assets. 

Page   120 

    New Jersey Resources Corporation 
  Part II 
    
  ITEM 8.  FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA (Continued)                                                             

NJRES may periodically enter into storage or park and loan agreements with its affiliated FERC-regulated natural gas storage facility, Steckman Ridge. As of   September 30, 2016  , NJRES has entered into storage and park and loan transactions with Steckman Ridge for varying terms, all of which expire by   October 2020  . 
    
  Demand fees, net of eliminations, associated with Steckman Ridge during the fiscal years ended   September 30  , are as follows: 

The following table summarizes demand fees payable to Steckman Ridge as of   September 30  : 

NJNG and NJRES have entered into various asset management agreements, the effects of which are eliminated in consolidation. Under the terms of these agreements, NJNG releases certain transportation and storage contracts to NJRES. NJNG retains the right to purchase market priced gas or fixed price storage gas from NJRES. As of   September 30, 2016  , NJNG and NJRES had   three   asset management agreements with expiration dates ranging from   October 2016   through   March 2018  . 
    
  NJNG has entered into a   15  -year transportation precedent agreement for committed capacity of   180,000   Dths per day with PennEast, which is estimated to be in service by   the first quarter of fiscal 2019  . 

16. 
    SELECTED QUARTERLY FINANCIAL DATA (UNAUDITED) 
       
  A summary of financial data for each quarter of   fiscal 2016   and   2015   follows. Due to the seasonal nature of the Company s businesses, quarterly amounts vary significantly during the fiscal year. In the opinion of management, the information furnished reflects all adjustments necessary for a fair presentation of the results of the interim periods. 

(1) 
    The sum of quarterly amounts may not equal the annual amounts due to rounding. 
     
   Page   121 

New Jersey Resources Corporation 
  Part II 

ITEM 9.  CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL 
  DISCLOSURE                                                                                                                                                                                    
    
  None 

ITEM 9A.    CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES                                                                                                                                
    
  Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
    
  Under the supervision and with the participation of the Company s management, including the principal executive officer and principal financial officer, the Company conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of its disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act), as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based on this evaluation, the Company s principal executive officer and principal financial officer concluded that, as of end of the period covered by this report, the Company s disclosure controls and procedures are effective to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to the Company s management, including its principal executive officer and principal financial officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
    
  Management s Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
    
  The report of management required under this   Item 9A   is contained in   Item 8   of this Form 10-K under the caption   Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting  . 
    
  Attestation Report of Registered Public Accounting Firm 
    
  The attestation report required under this   Item 9A   is contained in   Item 8   of this 10-K under the caption   Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm  . 
    
  Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
    
  There has been no change in internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f)) that occurred during the quarter ended   September 30, 2016  , that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, internal control over financial reporting. 

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION                                                                                                                                               
    
  None 
  
   Page   122 

New Jersey Resources Corporation 
  Part III 

ITEM 10.  DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE                                          
    
  Information required by this item, including information concerning the Board of Directors of the Company, the members of the Company s Audit Committee, the Company s Audit Committee Financial Expert, compliance with Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act and shareowner proposals, is incorporated by reference to the Company s Proxy Statement for the   2017   Annual Meeting of Shareowners, which will be filed with the SEC pursuant to Regulation 14A within 120 days after   September 30, 2016  . The information regarding executive officers is included in this report following as   Item 4A   under the caption   Executive Officers of the Company   and incorporated herein by reference. 
    
  The Board of Directors has adopted the Code of Conduct, a code for all directors, officers and employees, as required by the NYSE rules, and governing the chief executive officer and senior financial officers, in compliance with Sarbanes-Oxley and SEC regulations. Copies of the Code of Conduct are available free of charge on the Company s website at   http://investor.njresources.com   under the caption   Corporate Governance  . A printed copy of the Code of Conduct is available free of charge to any shareowner who requests it by contacting the Corporate Secretary at 1415 Wyckoff Road, Wall, New Jersey 07719. The Company will disclose any amendments to, or waivers from, a provision of the Code of Conduct that applies to the principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer or controller, or persons performing similar functions that relate to any element of the Code of Conduct as defined in Item 406 of Regulation S-K by posting such information on the Company s website. 

ITEM 11.  EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION                                                                                                                                
    
  Information required by this Item is incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Proxy Statement. 

ITEM 12.  SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND 
  RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS                                                                                                                                     
    
  Information required by this Item is incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Proxy Statement. 

ITEM 13.  CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE       
    
  Information required by this Item is incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Proxy Statement. 

ITEM 14.  PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES                                                                                              
    
  Information required by this Item is incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Proxy Statement. 

Page   123 

New Jersey Resources Corporation 
  Part IV 

ITEM 15.  EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES                                                                                   
    
                   (a) 1.  Financial Statements. 

All Financial Statements of the Registrant are filed as part of this report and included in   Item 8   of   Part II   of this Form 10-K. 

(a) 2.  Financial Statement Schedules-See   Index to Financial Statement Schedules   in   Item 8  . 

(a) 3.  Exhibits-See   Exhibit Index   on page 
    128 

Page   124 

New Jersey Resources Corporation 
  Part IV 

INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES                                                                                                                  

Page 
        
    Schedule II - Valuation and qualifying accounts and reserves for each of the three years in the period ended September 30, 2016 
    126 

Schedules other than those listed above are omitted because they are either not required or are not applicable, or the required information is shown in the financial statements or notes thereto. 

Page   125 

New Jersey Resources Corporation 
  Part IV 

SCHEDULE II 
    
  VALUATION AND QUALIFYING ACCOUNTS 
  YEARS ENDED   SEPTEMBER 30, 2016  ,   2015   and   2014    

(1) 
    Uncollectible accounts written off, less recoveries and adjustments. 
     
   Page   126 

New Jersey Resources Corporation 
  Part IV 

SIGNATURES 
    
  Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

NEW JERSEY RESOURCES CORPORATION 

(Registrant) 

Date: 
    November 22, 2016 
    By:/s/ Patrick Migliaccio 

Patrick Migliaccio 

Senior Vice President and 

Chief Financial Officer 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant in the capacities and on the dates indicated: 
                     November 22, 2016 
    /s/ Laurence M. Downes 
    November 22, 2016 
    /s/ Alfred C. Koeppe 
        
    Laurence M. Downes 
  Chairman, President and 
  Chief Executive Officer 
  Director 
      
    Alfred C. Koeppe 
  Director 

November 22, 2016 
    /s/ Lawrence R. Codey 
    November 22, 2016 
    /s/ Patrick J. Migliaccio 
        
    Lawrence R. Codey 
  Director 
      
    Patrick J. Migliaccio 
  Senior Vice President and 
  Chief Financial Officer 
  (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

November 22, 2016 
    /s/ Donald L. Correll 
    November 22, 2016 
    /s/ J. Terry Strange 
        
    Donald L. Correll 
  Director 
      
    J. Terry Strange 
  Director 

November 22, 2016 
    /s/ Robert B. Evans 
    November 22, 2016 
    /s/ Sharon C. Taylor 
        
    Robert B. Evans 
  Director 
      
    Sharon C. Taylor 
  Director 

November 22, 2016 
    /s/ M. William Howard, Jr. 
    November 22, 2016 
    /s/ David A. Trice 
        
    M. William Howard, Jr. 
  Director 
      
    David A. Trice 
  Director 

November 22, 2016 
    /s/ Jane M. Kenny 
    November 22, 2016 
    /s/ George R. Zoffinger 
        
    Jane M. Kenny 
  Director 
      
    George R. Zoffinger 
  Director 

Page   127 

New Jersey Resources Corporation 
  Part IV 

EXHIBIT INDEX 
                 Exhibit 
  Number 
    Exhibit Description 
      3.1 
    Restated Certificate of Incorporation of New Jersey Resources Corporation, as amended through March 3, 2015(incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K, as filed on January 23, 2014, and Exhibit 3.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K, as filed on March 3, 2015) 

3.2 
    Bylaws of New Jersey Resources Corporation, as amended through September 12, 2016 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K, as filed on September 12, 2016) 

4.1 
    Specimen Common Stock Certificate (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended September 30, 2013, as filed on November 25, 2013) 

4.2 
    Amended and Restated Indenture of Mortgage, Deed of Trust and Security Agreement, dated as of September 1, 2014, between NJNG and U.S. Bank National Association, as Trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.3 to the Current Report on Form 8-K, as filed on September 30, 2014) 

4.2(a) 
    36th Supplemental Indenture dated as of September 1, 2014, between NJNG and U.S. Bank National Association, as Trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K, as filed on September 30, 2014) 

4.2(b) 
    Second Supplemental Indenture dated as of June 1, 2016, between NJNG and U.S. Bank National Association, as Trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to Form 8-K as filed on June 22, 2016) 

4.3 
    $250,000,000 Credit Agreement dated as of May 15, 2014, by and among New Jersey Natural Gas Company, the Lenders party thereto, PNC Bank, National Association, as Administrative Agent, Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Syndication Agent, U.S. Bank National Association, TD Bank, N.A., and Santander Bank, N.A., as Documentation Agents, and PNC Capital Markets LLC and Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, as Joint Lead Arrangers (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2014, as filed on August 4, 2014) 

4.4 
    $425,000,000 Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of September 28, 2015, by and among the Company, the guarantors thereto, the lenders party thereto, PNC Bank, National Association, as Administrative Agent, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Syndication Agents, Bank of America, N.A., TD Bank, N.A. and U.S. Bank National Association, as Documentation Agents, and PNC Capital Markets LLC, J.P. Morgan Securities LLC and Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, as Joint Lead Arrangers (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K as filed on October 2, 2015) 

4.5 
    $75,000,000 Shelf Note Purchase Agreement, dated as of June 30, 2011, between New Jersey Resources Corporation and Prudential Investment Management, Inc. ( Prudential Facility     ) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K as filed on July 6, 2011) 

4.5(a) 
    First Amendment to the Prudential Facility, dated as of July 25, 2014, between the Company and Prudential Investment Management, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K as filed on November 12, 2014) 

4.5(b) 
    Second Amendment to the Prudential Facility, dated as of September 28, 2015, between the Company and Prudential Investment Management, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K as filed on October 2, 2015) 

4.6 
    $50,000,000 Note Purchase Agreement, dated as of September 24, 2007, by and among the Company, New York Life Insurance Company and New York Life Insurance and Annuity Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.8 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K as filed on December 10, 2007) 

4.6(a) 
    First Amendment to Note Purchase Agreement, dated as of September 28, 2015, by and among the Company, New York Life Insurance Company and New York Life Insurance and Annuity Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Current Report on Form 8-K, as filed on October 2, 2015) 

4.7 
    $125,000,000 Note Purchase Agreement, dated as of May 15, 2008 ( 2008 NPA     ), by and among New Jersey Natural Gas Company and the Purchasers party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.9 to the Current Report on Form 8-K, as filed on May 20, 2008) 

4.7(a) 
    First Amendment to the 2008 NPA, dated as of September 1, 2014, by and among New Jersey Natural Gas Company and the Purchasers party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K, as filed on September 30, 2014) 

4.8 
    $100,000,000 Shelf Note Purchase Agreement, dated as of May 12, 2011, between New Jersey Resources    Corporation and Metropolitan Life Insurance Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K as filed on May 17, 2011) 

Page   128 

    New Jersey Resources Corporation 
  Part IV 

Page   129 

    New Jersey Resources Corporation 
  Part IV 

Page   130 

    New Jersey Resources Corporation 
  Part IV 

Exhibit 
  Number 
    Exhibit Description 
      21.1+ 
     Subsidiaries of the Registrant  

23.1+ 
     Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm  

31.1+ 
     Certification of the Chief Executive Officer pursuant to section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act  

31.2+ 
     Certification of the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act  

32.1+   
     Certification of the Chief Executive Officer pursuant to section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act  

32.2+   
     Certification of the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act  

101+ 
    Interactive Data File {Annual Report on Form 10-K, for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2016, furnished in XBRL (eXtensible Business Reporting Language)} 

________________________________ 
           + 
    Filed herewith. 
              * 
    Denotes compensatory plans or arrangements or management contracts. 
                
    This certificate accompanies this report pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and shall not be deemed filed by NJR for purposes of Section 18 or any other provision of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 
     
   Page   131 

<EX-21.1>
 2
 njrex211sep2016.htm
 EXHIBIT 21.1 SEPTEMBER 30, 2016

Exhibit 

NEW JERSEY RESOURCES CORPORATION 

EXHIBIT 21.1 
    
  SUBSIDIARIES OF THE REGISTRANT 
    
                                 SUBSIDIARY 

STATE OF INCORPORATION 

New Jersey Natural Gas Company 
      
    New Jersey 

NJR Service Corporation 
      
    New Jersey 

NJR Energy Services Company 
      
    New Jersey 

NJR Clean Energy Ventures Corporation 
      
    New Jersey 

Subsidiary: 

NJR Clean Energy Ventures II Corporation 
      
    New Jersey 

Subsidiaries: 

Two Dot Wind Farm, LLC (Limited Liability Company) 
      
    Delaware 

Carroll Area Wind Farm, LLC (Limited Liability Company) 
      
    Iowa 

Alexander Wind Farm, LLC (Limited Liability Company) 
      
    Delaware 

Ringer Hill Wind, LLC (Limited Liability Company) 
      
    Delaware 

Medicine Bow Wind, LLC (Limited Liability Company) 
      
    Delaware 

Bernards Solar, LLC (Limited Liability Company) 
      
    New Jersey 

NJR Energy Investments Corporation 
      
    New Jersey 

Subsidiaries: 

NJR Midstream Holdings Corporation 
      
    New Jersey 

Subsidiaries: 

NJNR Pipeline Company 
      
    New Jersey 

NJR Pipeline Company 
      
    New Jersey 

NJR Storage Holdings Company 
      
    Delaware 

Subsidiary: 

NJR Steckman Ridge Storage Company 
      
    Delaware 

Subsidiaries: 

Steckman Ridge GP, LLC (Limited Liability Company) 
      
    Delaware 

Steckman Ridge, LP (Limited Partnership) 
      
    Delaware 

NJR Retail Holdings Corporation 
      
    New Jersey 

Subsidiaries: 

Commercial Realty and Resources Corporation 
      
    New Jersey 

Subsidiary: 

NJR Energy Corporation 
      
    New Jersey 

NJR Home Services Company 
      
    New Jersey 

Subsidiary: 

NJR Plumbing Services, Inc 
      
    New Jersey 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 3
 njrex231sep2016.htm
 EXHIBIT 23.1 SEPTEMBER 30, 2016

Exhibit 

EXHIBIT 23.1 
    
  CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

We consent to the incorporation by reference in Registration Statement No. 333-164572 on Form S-8 and Registration Statement No. 333-208531 on Form S-3 of our reports dated   November 22, 2016  , relating to the consolidated financial statements and financial statement schedule of New Jersey Resources Corporation and subsidiaries (the  Company ), and the effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial reporting, appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K of New Jersey Resources Corporation for the year ended   September 30, 2016  . 

/s/ DELOITTE   TOUCHE LLP 
  Parsippany, New Jersey 
    
  November 22, 2016 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 njrex311sep2016.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1 SEPTEMBER 30, 2016

Exhibit 

EXHIBIT 31.1 
    
  CERTIFICATION OF THE PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
  PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 
  OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
    
   I, Laurence M. Downes, certify that: 
    
           1) 
    I have reviewed this report on Form 10-K of New Jersey Resources Corporation; 
       
           2) 
    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
       
           3) 
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
       
           4) 
    The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
       
           a) 
    Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
       
           b) 
    Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
       
           c) 
    Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
       
           d) 
    Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and 
       
           5) 
    The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
       
           a) 
    All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
       
           b) 
    Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
       
                        Date: 
    November 22, 2016 
    By:  
    /s/ Laurence M. Downes 

Laurence M. Downes 

Chairman, President   Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 njrex312sep2016.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2 SEPTEMBER 30, 2016

Exhibit 

EXHIBIT 31.2 
    
  CERTIFICATION OF THE PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 
  PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 
  OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
    
   I, Patrick Migliaccio, certify that: 
    
           1) 
    I have reviewed this report on Form 10-K of New Jersey Resources Corporation; 
       
           2) 
    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
       
           3) 
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
       
           4) 
    The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
       
           a) 
    Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
       
           b) 
    Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
       
           c) 
    Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
       
           d) 
    Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and 
       
           5) 
    The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
       
           a) 
    All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
       
           b) 
    Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
       
                        Date: 
    November 22, 2016 
    By:  
    /s/ Patrick Migliaccio 

Patrick Migliaccio 

Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 njrex321sep2016.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1 SEPTEMBER 30, 2016

Exhibit 

EXHIBIT 32.1  
  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 AS ADOPTED  
  PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  
    
  The undersigned, Laurence M. Downes hereby certifies as follows:  
           (a) 
    I am the Chief Executive Officer of New Jersey Resources Corporation (the "Company"); 
              (b) 
    To the best of my knowledge, this quarterly report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended   September 30, 2016  , fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 
              (c) 
    To the best of my knowledge, based upon a review of this report, the information contained in this periodic report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: 
    November 22, 2016 
    By: 
    /s/ Laurence M. Downes 

Laurence M. Downes 

Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 7
 njrex322sep2016.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2 SEPTEMBER 30, 2016

Exhibit 

EXHIBIT 32.2 
  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 AS ADOPTED  
  PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  
    
  The undersigned, Patrick Migliaccio hereby certifies as follows:  
           (a) 
    I am the Chief   Financial   Officer of New Jersey Resources Corporation (the "Company"); 
              (b) 
    To the best of my knowledge, this quarterly report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended   September 30, 2016  , fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 
              (c) 
    To the best of my knowledge, based upon a review of this report, the information contained in this periodic report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: 
    November 22, 2016 
    By: 
    /s/ Patrick Migliaccio 

Patrick Migliaccio 

Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 8
 njr-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 9
 njr-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 10
 njr-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 11
 njr-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 12
 njr-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 13
 njr-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

