<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161108_10-Q_edgar_data_92416_0001193125-16-762846_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>6985240</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>136961</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>380852</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1238054</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3181133</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1695482</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>75</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001193125-16-762846.hdr.sgml : 20161108
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161108150145
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-16-762846
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		68
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161108
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161108

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			SOUTHWEST GAS CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000092416
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	NATURAL GAS TRANSMISSION & DISTRIBUTION [4923]
		IRS NUMBER:				880085720
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			CA
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-07850
		FILM NUMBER:		161981005

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		5241 SPRING MOUNTAIN RD
		STREET 2:		PO BOX 98510
		CITY:			LAS VEGAS
		STATE:			NV
		ZIP:			89193-8510
		BUSINESS PHONE:		7028767237

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		5241 SPRING MOUNTAIN RD
		STREET 2:		PO BOX 98510
		CITY:			LAS VEGAS
		STATE:			NV
		ZIP:			89193-8510

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001193125-16-762846.txt : 20161108

10-Q
 1
 d256766d10q.htm
 FORM 10-Q

Form 10-Q 

UNITED STATES   
  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION   
  WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549   
  Form 10-Q      QUARTERLY
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d)      OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934   
  For the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016   
  Commission File Number 1-7850   
  SOUTHWEST GAS CORPORATION   
  (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)       
    Registrant s telephone number, including area code: (702) 876-7237   
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.    Yes         No       
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive
Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such
files).    Yes         No       
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller
reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer,   non-accelerated filer,  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.  

Large accelerated filer 

Accelerated filer 

Non-accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company   

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange
Act).    Yes         No       
 Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the issuer s classes of common stock as of the latest practicable date.  
 Common Stock, $1 Par Value, 47,482,068 shares as of October 28, 2016.  

PART I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION    
  ITEM 1. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   
  SOUTHWEST GAS CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES   
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS  
 (Thousands of dollars, except par value)  
 (Unaudited)      
   The accompanying notes are an integral part of these statements.  
      2  

SOUTHWEST GAS CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES   
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME  
 (In thousands, except per share amounts)  
 (Unaudited)      
   The accompanying notes are an integral part of these statements.  
      3  

SOUTHWEST GAS CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES   
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME  
 (Thousands of dollars)    (Unaudited)
     
   The accompanying notes are an integral part of these statements.  
      4  

SOUTHWEST GAS CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES   
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS  
 (Thousands of dollars)    (Unaudited)
     
   The accompanying notes are an integral part of these statements.  
      5  

Note 1   Nature of Operations and Basis of Presentation   
  Nature of Operations.  Southwest Gas Corporation and its subsidiaries (the  Company ) consist of two segments: natural gas
operations ( Southwest  or the  natural gas operations  segment) and construction services. Southwest is engaged in the business of purchasing, distributing, and transporting natural gas for customers in portions of Arizona,
Nevada, and California. Public utility rates, practices, facilities, and service territories of Southwest are subject to regulatory oversight. The timing and amount of rate relief can materially impact results of operations. Natural
gas purchases and the timing of related recoveries can materially impact liquidity. Results for the natural gas operations segment are higher during winter periods due to the seasonality incorporated in its regulatory rate structures. Centuri
Construction Group, Inc. ( Centuri  or the  construction services  segment), a 96.6% owned subsidiary, is a full-service underground piping contractor that primarily provides utility companies with trenching and installation,
replacement, and maintenance services for energy distribution systems, and industrial construction solutions. Centuri operations are generally conducted under the business names of NPL Construction Co. ( NPL ), NPL Canada Ltd.
( NPL Canada , formerly Link-Line Contractors Ltd.), W.S. Nicholls Construction, Inc. and related companies ( W.S. Nicholls ), and Brigadier Pipelines Inc. ( Brigadier ). In May 2016, Centuri completed the acquisition
of two privately held, affiliated construction businesses by means of asset purchase: Enterprise Trenchless Technologies, Inc. and ETTI Holdings (collectively,  ETTI ). See  Acquisition of Construction Services Businesses  below for
more information. Typically, Centuri revenues are lowest during the first quarter of the year due to unfavorable winter weather conditions. Operating revenues typically improve as more favorable weather conditions occur during the summer
and fall months.     Basis of Presentation.  The condensed consolidated financial statements included herein have been prepared by
the Company, without audit, pursuant to the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission (the  SEC ). Certain information and footnote disclosures normally included in financial statements prepared in accordance with
United States generally accepted accounting principles ( U.S. GAAP ) have been condensed or omitted pursuant to such rules and regulations. The preparation of the condensed consolidated financial statements requires management to make
estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting
period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. In the opinion of management, all adjustments, consisting of normal recurring items and estimates necessary for a fair presentation of results for the interim periods, have been made. It is
suggested that these condensed consolidated financial statements be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and the notes thereto included in the 2015 Annual Report to Shareholders, which is incorporated by reference into the
2015 Form 10-K.    During the third quarter of 2016, Centuri evaluated the estimated useful lives of its depreciable assets, and in so
doing determined that certain equipment lives should be extended. This change in estimate reduced current-quarter depreciation by approximately $2 million.  
  Prepaids and other current assets.  Prepaids and other current assets includes gas pipe materials and operating supplies of
$30 million at September 30, 2016 and $24 million at December 31, 2015 (carried at weighted average cost), and also includes natural gas stored underground and liquefied natural gas, in addition to prepaid assets.  
  Cash and Cash Equivalents.  For purposes of reporting consolidated cash flows, cash and cash equivalents include cash on hand and
financial instruments with a purchase-date maturity of three months or less. In general, cash and cash equivalents fall within Level 1 (quoted prices for identical financial instruments) of the three-level fair value hierarchy that ranks the
inputs, used to measure fair value, by their reliability. However, cash and cash equivalents at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 also include money market fund investments totaling approximately $68.3 million and $250,000, respectively,
which fall within Level 2 (significant other observable inputs) of the fair value hierarchy, due to the asset valuation methods used by money market funds.  
 Significant non-cash investing and financing activities for the natural gas operations segment included the following: Upon contract
expiration, customer advances of approximately $3.6 million and $2.8 million, during the first nine months of 2016 and 2015, respectively, were applied as contributions toward utility construction activity and represent non-cash investing activity.
 
      6  

Goodwill.  Goodwill is assessed as of October each year for impairment, or otherwise,
if circumstances indicate impairment to the carrying value of goodwill may have occurred. No such circumstances indicating impairment were deemed to have occurred in the first nine months of 2016. The business acquisition of ETTI was
deemed an asset purchase for tax purposes. As a result, approximately $11 million in goodwill associated with ETTI is expected to be tax deductible.     
    Acquisition of Construction Services Businesses.    In May 2016, Centuri completed the
acquisition of ETTI, which is based in Lisbon Falls, Maine, and has a primary focus on underground utility installation using horizontal directional drilling technology. The acquisition of ETTI will provide complementary operational support to
Brigadier and expand operations into Maine. Neither the acquisition itself nor the impacts to assets and operations are material to the construction services segment or the Company.  
 Assets acquired in the transaction were recorded at their acquisition date fair values. The final purchase accounting has not yet been
completed. Further refinement could occur; however, no material changes are expected. The preliminary estimated fair values of assets acquired as of May 6, 2016, the acquisition date, are as follows (in millions of dollars):  
   
   The purchase price consisted of $17 million in cash on the acquisition date with the remaining amount being
deferred over four years.    Intercompany Transactions . Centuri recognizes revenues generated from contracts with Southwest (see
 Note 3 - Segment Information  below). Centuri s accounts receivable for these services are presented in the table below (thousands of dollars):      
   The accounts receivable balance, revenues, and associated profits are included in the condensed consolidated
financial statements of the Company and were not eliminated during consolidation in accordance with accounting treatment for rate-regulated entities.  
      7  

Other Property and Investments.    Other property and investments includes
(thousands of dollars):      
    Other Income (Deductions).    The following table provides the composition of significant
items included in Other income (deductions) in the condensed consolidated statements of income (thousands of dollars):      
   Included in the table above is the change in cash surrender values of company-owned life insurance
( COLI ) policies (including net death benefits recognized). These life insurance policies on members of management and other key employees are used by Southwest to indemnify itself against the loss of talent, expertise, and
knowledge, as well as to provide indirect funding for certain nonqualified benefit plans. Current tax regulations provide for tax-free treatment of life insurance (death benefit) proceeds. Therefore, changes in the cash surrender values of
COLI policies, as they progress towards the ultimate death benefits, are also recorded without tax consequences.     Income
taxes.  The Company claimed a federal income tax credit, which resulted in a recognized benefit of approximately $1.6 million during the third quarter of 2016. 
  Recently Issued Accounting Standards Updates.  In May 2014, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ) issued the
update  Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606).  The update replaces much of the current guidance regarding revenue recognition including most industry-specific guidance. In accordance with the update, an entity will be required
to identify the contract with the customer, identify the performance obligations in the contract, determine the transaction price, allocate the transaction price to the performance obligations in the contract, and recognize revenue when (or as) the
entity satisfies a performance obligation. In addition to the new revenue recognition requirements, entities will be required to disclose sufficient information to enable users of financial statements to understand the nature, amount, timing, and
uncertainty of revenue and cash flows arising from contracts with customers. Entities may choose between two retrospective transition methods when applying the update. In July 2015, the FASB approved a one-year deferral of the effective date (annual
periods beginning after December 15, 2017) and permitted entities to adopt one year earlier (i.e., the original effective date) if they choose. In March, April, and May of 2016, the FASB issued the updates  Revenue from Contracts with
Customers (Topic 606): Principal versus Agent Considerations (Reporting Revenue Gross versus Net) ,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Identifying Performance Obligations and Licensing , and  Revenue from
Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Narrow-Scope Improvements and Practical Expedients . The amendments in the first two updates, respectively, provide guidance when another party, along with the entity, is involved in providing a good or
service to a customer, and provide clarification with regard to identifying performance obligations and of the licensing implementation guidance in Topic 606. The third update includes narrow-scope improvements to the guidance on collectability,
noncash consideration, and completed contracts at transition. In addition, a practical expedient is provided for contract modifications at transition and an accounting policy election related to the presentation of sales taxes and other similar
taxes collected from customers. The combined amendments do not change the core principle of the guidance in Topic 606. The Company plans to adopt all of these updates at the required adoption date, which is for interim and annual reporting periods
commencing January 1, 2018. The Company is evaluating what impact these updates might have on its consolidated financial statements and disclosures.  
      8  

In August 2014, the FASB issued the update  Disclosure of Uncertainties about an
Entity s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern,  which requires management to assess a company s ability to continue as a going concern and to provide related footnote disclosures in certain circumstances. Under the update,
disclosures are required when conditions give rise to substantial doubt about a company s ability to continue as a going concern within one year from the financial statement issuance date. The update is effective for the annual period
ending after December 15, 2016, and all annual and interim periods thereafter. This update and changes thereto are not expected to have a material impact on the Company s disclosures. 
 In January 2016, the FASB issued the update  Financial Instruments   Overall (Subtopic 825-10): Recognition and Measurement of
Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities  in order to improve the recognition and measurement of financial instruments. The update makes targeted improvements to existing U.S. GAAP by: 1) requiring equity investments to be measured
at fair value with changes in fair value recognized in net income; 2) requiring the use of the exit price notion when measuring the fair value of financial instruments for disclosure purposes; 3) requiring separate presentation of financial assets
and financial liabilities by measurement category and form of financial asset on the balance sheet or the accompanying notes to the financial statements; 4) eliminating the requirement to disclose the method(s) and significant assumptions used to
estimate the fair value that is required to be disclosed for financial instruments measured at amortized cost on the balance sheet; and 5) requiring a reporting entity to present separately in other comprehensive income the portion of the total
change in the fair value of a liability resulting from a change in instrument-specific credit risk when the organization has elected to measure the liability at fair value in accordance with the fair value option for financial instruments. The
update is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017, including interim periods within those fiscal years. All entities can early adopt the provision to record fair value changes for financial liabilities under the
fair value option resulting from instrument-specific credit risk in other comprehensive income. The Company is evaluating what impact, if any, this update might have on its consolidated financial statements and disclosures.  
 In February 2016, the FASB issued the update  Leases (Topic 842) . Under the update, lessees will be required to recognize the
following for all leases (with the exception of short-term leases) at the commencement date:      

A lease liability, which is a lessee s obligation to make lease payments arising from a lease, measured
on a discounted basis; and         

A right-of-use asset, which is an asset that represents the lessee s right to use, or control the use of,
a specified asset for the lease term.       Under the new guidance, lessor accounting is largely unchanged. Certain targeted
improvements were made to align, where necessary, lessor accounting with the lessee accounting model and Topic 606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers. Though companies have historically been required to make disclosures regarding leases and of
contractual obligations, leases (with terms longer than a year) will no longer exist off-balance sheet. Lessees (for capital and operating leases) and lessors (for sales-type, direct financing, and operating leases) must apply a modified
retrospective transition approach for leases existing at, or entered into after, the beginning of the earliest comparative period presented in the financial statements. The modified retrospective approach would not require any transition accounting
for leases that expired before the earliest comparative period presented. Lessees and lessors may not apply a full retrospective transition approach. Early application is permitted. The Company currently plans to adopt the update at the required
adoption date, which is for interim and annual reporting periods commencing January 1, 2019. The Company is evaluating what impact this update might have on its consolidated financial statements and disclosures.  
 In March 2016, the FASB issued the update  Compensation Stock Compensation (Topic 718): Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment
Accounting . The amendments are intended to improve the accounting for employee share-based payments and affect all organizations that issue share-based payment awards to their employees. The update requires the recording of all of the tax
effects related to share-based payments at settlement (or expiration) through the income statement. Currently, tax benefits in excess of compensation cost ( windfalls ) are recorded in equity, and tax deficiencies ( shortfalls )
are recorded in equity to the extent of previous windfalls, and then recorded in the income statement. While the simplification will reduce some of the administrative complexities by eliminating the need to track a  windfall pool,  it will
increase the volatility of income tax expense. The update also allows entities to withhold shares for the employee tax burden up to the employees  maximum individual tax rate in the relevant jurisdiction without resulting in a liability
classification of the award (currently such withholding is limited to the employer s minimum statutory withholding). The update clarifies that all cash payments made to taxing authorities  
      9  

on the employees  behalf for withheld shares should be presented as financing activities
on the statement of cash flows. Also, the update requires all tax-related cash flows resulting from share-based payments be reported as operating activities on the statement of cash flows, a change from the current requirement to present
windfall tax benefits as an inflow from financing activities and an outflow from operating activities. The update is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2016, including interim periods within those fiscal
years. Early adoption is permitted. The Company issues share-based payment awards to its employees and is evaluating the impacts this update might have on its consolidated financial statements and disclosures.  
 In June 2016, the FASB issued the update  Financial Instruments Credit Losses (Topic 326): Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial
Instruments . The update amends guidance on reporting credit losses for financial assets held at amortized cost basis and available for sale debt securities. For assets held at amortized cost basis, the update eliminates the
 probable  threshold for initial recognition of credit losses in current U.S. GAAP and, instead, requires an entity to reflect its current estimate of all expected credit losses. The allowance for credit losses is a valuation account
that is deducted from the amortized cost basis of the financial asset to present the net amount expected to be collected. For available for sale debt securities, credit losses should be measured in a manner similar to current U.S. GAAP, however
the update will require that credit losses be presented as an allowance rather than as a write-down. This update affects entities holding financial assets and net investment in leases that are not accounted for at fair value through net
income. The update affects loans, debt securities, trade receivables, net investments in leases, off-balance sheet credit exposures, reinsurance receivables, and any other financial assets not excluded from the scope that have the contractual
right to receive cash. The update is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2019, including interim periods within those fiscal years. All entities may adopt the amendments in this update earlier as of fiscal
years beginning after December 15, 2018, including interim periods within those fiscal years. The Company is evaluating what impact, if any, this update might have on its consolidated financial statements and disclosures.  
 In August 2016, the FASB issued the update  Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments . This update addresses the
following eight specific cash flow issues: debt prepayment or debt extinguishment costs; settlement of zero-coupon debt instruments or other debt instruments with coupon interest rates that are insignificant in relation to the effective interest
rate of the borrowing; contingent consideration payments made after a business combination; proceeds from the settlement of insurance claims; proceeds from the settlement of corporate-owned life insurance ( COLI ) policies; distributions
received from equity method investees; beneficial interests in securitization transactions; and separately identifiable cash flows, including identification of the predominant nature in cases where cash receipts and payments have aspects of more
than one class of cash flows. The update is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017, including interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption is permitted. The Company is evaluating the impacts
this update might have on its consolidated cash flow statements and disclosures.    In October 2016, the FASB issued the update
 Accounting for Income Taxes: Intra-Entity Asset Transfers of Assets Other than Inventory.  This update eliminates the current U.S. GAAP exception for all intra-entity sales of assets other than inventory. As a result, a
reporting entity would recognize the tax expense from the sale of the asset in the seller s tax jurisdiction when the transfer occurs, even though the pre-tax effects of that transaction are eliminated in consolidation. Any deferred tax
asset that arises in the buyer s jurisdiction would also be recognized at the time of the transfer. The update is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017, including interim periods within those fiscal
years. Early adoption is permitted; however, the guidance can only be adopted in the first interim period of a fiscal year. The modified retrospective approach will be required for transition to the new guidance, with a cumulative-effect
adjustment recorded in retained earnings as of the beginning of the period of adoption. The Company is evaluating the impacts this update might have on its consolidated financial statements.  
 In October 2016, the FASB issued the update  Consolidation (Topic 810): Interests Held through Related Parties That Are under Common
Control.  The amendments affect reporting entities that are required to evaluate whether they should consolidate a variable interest entity in certain situations involving entities under common control. The update is effective for fiscal
and interim periods beginning after December 15, 2016. Early adoption is permitted. The Company is evaluating what impacts, if any, this update might have on its consolidated financial statements.  
      10  

Note 2   Components of Net Periodic Benefit Cost   
 Southwest has a noncontributory qualified retirement plan with defined benefits covering substantially all employees and a separate unfunded
supplemental retirement plan ( SERP ), which is limited to officers. Southwest also provides postretirement benefits other than pensions ( PBOP ) to its qualified retirees for health care, dental, and life insurance.  
 During the third quarter of 2016, qualifying term-vested participants were offered a lump-sum present value payout of their pensions. The
offer was primarily intended to reduce insurance and ongoing maintenance costs associated with qualifying participant balances. About one-half of the approximate 800 participants subject to the offer accepted the offer, resulting in an
approximate $30 million payment from pension assets to be made in the fourth quarter of 2016. This lump sum payout will have no impact on net periodic benefit cost or pension funding requirements during 2016. 
 Net periodic benefit costs included in the table below are components of an overhead loading process associated with the cost of
labor. The overhead process ultimately results in allocation of net periodic benefit costs to the same accounts to which productive labor is charged. As a result, net periodic benefit costs become components of various accounts, primarily
operations and maintenance expense, net utility plant, and deferred charges and other assets.      
 
      11  

Note 3   Segment Information   
 The following tables present revenues from external customers, intersegment revenues, and segment net income (thousands of dollars):  

12  

Note 4   Derivatives and Fair Value Measurements   
  Derivatives.  In managing its natural gas supply portfolios, Southwest has historically entered into fixed- and variable-price
contracts, which qualify as derivatives. Additionally, Southwest utilizes fixed-for-floating swap contracts ( Swaps ) to supplement its fixed-price contracts. The fixed-price contracts, firm commitments to purchase a fixed amount of gas in
the future at a fixed price, qualify for the normal purchases and normal sales exception that is allowed for contracts that are probable of delivery in the normal course of business, and are exempt from fair value reporting. The variable-price
contracts have no significant market value. The Swaps are recorded at fair value.    The fixed-price contracts and Swaps are utilized by
Southwest under its volatility mitigation programs to effectively fix the price on a portion (up to 25% in the Arizona and California jurisdictions) of its natural gas supply portfolios. The maturities of the Swaps highly correlate to forecasted
purchases of natural gas, during time frames ranging from October 2016 through March 2018. Under such contracts, Southwest pays the counterparty a fixed rate and receives from the counterparty a floating rate per MMBtu ( dekatherm )
of natural gas. Only the net differential is actually paid or received. The differential is calculated based on the notional amounts under the contracts, which are detailed in the table below (thousands of dekatherms):  
   
   Southwest does not utilize derivative financial instruments for speculative purposes, nor does it have trading
operations.   The following table sets forth the gains and (losses) recognized on the Company s Swaps (derivatives) for the three-,
nine-, and twelve-month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 and their location in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income:  
  Gains (losses) recognized in income for derivatives not designated as hedging instruments:   
 (Thousands of dollars)      

* 
   Represents the impact of regulatory deferral accounting treatment under U.S. GAAP for rate-regulated entities.
      No gains (losses) were recognized in net income or other comprehensive income during the periods presented for
derivatives designated as cash flow hedging instruments. Previously, Southwest entered into two forward-starting interest rate swaps ( FSIRS ), both of which were designated cash flow hedges, to partially hedge the risk of interest
rate variability during the period leading up to the planned issuance of debt. The first FSIRS terminated in December 2010, and the second, in March 2012. Losses on both FSIRS are being amortized over ten-year periods from Accumulated
other comprehensive income (loss) into interest expense.  
      13  

The following table sets forth, the fair values of the Company s Swaps and their
location in the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets (thousands of dollars):      Fair values of derivatives not designated as hedging
instruments:        
   The estimated fair values of the natural gas derivatives were determined using future natural gas index prices
(as more fully described below). The Company has master netting arrangements with each counterparty that provide for the net settlement (in the settlement month) of all contracts through a single payment. As applicable, the Company has
elected to reflect the net amounts in its balance sheets. The Company had no outstanding collateral associated with the Swaps during any period presented in the above table.  
 Pursuant to regulatory deferral accounting treatment for rate-regulated entities, Southwest records the unrealized gains and losses in fair
value of the Swaps as a regulatory asset and/or liability. When the Swaps mature, Southwest reverses any prior positions held and records the settled position as an increase or decrease of purchased gas under the related purchased gas
adjustment ( PGA ) mechanism in determining its deferred PGA balances. Neither changes in fair value, nor settled amounts, of Swaps have a direct effect on earnings or other comprehensive income.  
 The following table shows the amounts Southwest paid to counterparties for settlements of matured Swaps.  
   
   The following table details the regulatory assets/(liabilities) offsetting the derivatives at fair value in
the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets (thousands of dollars).      
 
      14  

Fair Value Measurements.  The estimated fair values of Southwest s Swaps were
determined at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 using New York Mercantile Exchange ( NYMEX ) futures settlement prices for delivery of natural gas at Henry Hub adjusted by the price of NYMEX ClearPort basis Swaps, which reflect
the difference between the price of natural gas at a given delivery basin and the Henry Hub pricing points. These Level 2 inputs (inputs, other than quoted prices, for similar assets or liabilities) are observable in the marketplace throughout
the full term of the Swaps, but have been credit-risk adjusted with no significant impact to the overall fair value measurement.    The
following table sets forth, by level within the three-level fair value hierarchy that ranks the inputs used to measure fair value by their reliability, the Company s financial assets and liabilities that were accounted for at fair value: 
  Level 2 - Significant other observable inputs       
   No financial assets or liabilities associated with the Swaps, which were accounted for at fair value, fell
within Level 1 (quoted prices in active markets for identical financial assets) or Level 3 (significant unobservable inputs) of the fair value hierarchy.  
 With regard to the fair values of assets associated with the Company s pension and postretirement benefit plans, asset values were last
updated as required as of December 2015. Refer to Note 10   Pension and Other Post Retirement Benefits in the 2015 Annual Report to Shareholders on Form 10-K.  
  Note 5   Common Stock     On March 10,
2015, the Company filed with the Securities Exchange Commission ( SEC ) an automatic shelf registration statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-202633), which became effective upon filing, for the offer and sale of up to $100,000,000 of the
Company s common stock from time to time in at-the-market offerings under the prospectus included therein and in accordance with the Sales Agency Agreement, dated March 10, 2015, between the Company and BNY Mellon Capital Markets, LLC (the
 Equity Shelf Program ). During the twelve months ended September 30, 2016, the Company sold no shares through the continuous equity offering program. Since the start of the program in March 2015, the Company has sold an aggregate of
645,225 shares of common stock under this program resulting in proceeds to the Company of $35,167,584, net of $355,228 in agent commissions. As of September 30, 2016, the Company had up to $64,477,188 of common stock available for sale
under the program. Net proceeds from the sale of shares of common stock under the Equity Shelf Program are intended for general corporate purposes, including the acquisition of property for the construction, completion, extension or improvement
of pipeline systems and facilities located in and around the communities Southwest serves.    In addition, during the nine months ended
September 30, 2016, the Company issued approximately 105,000 shares of common stock through the Stock Incentive Plan, Restricted Stock/Unit Plan, and Management Incentive Plan. No further issuances of the Company s common stock will occur
under the Stock Incentive Plan due to the expiration of the Stock Incentive Plan and all remaining options outstanding and granted thereunder.  
      15  

Note 6   Long-Term Debt   
 Carrying amounts of the Company s long-term debt and their related estimated fair values as of September 30, 2016 and December 31,
2015 are disclosed in the following table. The fair values of the revolving credit facility (including commercial paper) and the variable-rate Industrial Development Revenue Bonds ( IDRBs ) approximate their carrying values, as they
are repaid quickly (in the case of credit facility borrowings) and have interest rates that reset frequently. They are categorized as Level 1 (quoted prices for identical financial instruments) within the three-level fair value hierarchy that
ranks the inputs used to measure fair value by their reliability, due to the Company s ability to access similar debt arrangements at measurement dates with comparable terms, including variable rates. The fair values of debentures, senior
notes, and fixed-rate IDRBs were determined utilizing a market-based valuation approach, where fair market values are determined based on evaluated pricing data, such as broker quotes and yields for similar securities adjusted for observable
differences. Significant inputs used in the valuation generally include benchmark yield curves, credit ratings and issuer spreads. The external credit rating, coupon rate, and maturity of each security are considered in the valuation, as applicable.
The market values of debentures and fixed-rate IDRBs are categorized as Level 2 (observable market inputs based on market prices of similar securities). The Centuri secured revolving credit and term loan facility and Centuri other debt obligations
(not actively traded) are categorized as Level 3, based on significant unobservable inputs to their fair values. Since Centuri s debt is not publicly traded, fair values for the secured revolving credit and term loan facility and other debt
obligations were based on a conventional discounted cash flow methodology and utilized current market pricing yield curves, across Centuri s debt maturity spectrum, of other industrial bonds with an assumed credit rating comparable to the
Company s.  
      16  

In March 2016, the Company amended its $300 million credit facility. The facility was previously
scheduled to expire in March 2020 and was extended to March 2021. The Company uses $150 million of the facility as long-term debt and the remaining $150 million for working capital purposes. Interest rates for the credit facility
are calculated at either the London Interbank Offered Rate ( LIBOR ) or an  alternate base rate,  plus in each case an applicable margin that is determined based on the Company s senior unsecured debt rating. At
September 30, 2016, the applicable margin is 1% for loans bearing interest with reference to LIBOR and 0% for loans bearing interest with reference to the alternative base rate. At September 30, 2016, no borrowings were outstanding on the
long-term or short-term portions of the credit facility.    The $100 million 2005 4.85% Series A fixed-rate IDRBs (originally due in 2035)
were redeemed at par with accrued interest in July 2016. In September 2016, the $24.9 million 2006 Series A 4.75% fixed-rate IDRBs (originally due in 2036) were redeemed at par with accrued interest.  
 In September 2016, the Company issued $300 million in 3.8% Senior Notes at a discount of 0.302%. The notes will mature in September
2046. A portion of the net proceeds were used to temporarily pay down amounts outstanding under the credit facility. The remaining net proceeds are intended to be used for general corporate purposes.  
      17  

Centuri has a $300 million secured revolving credit and term loan facility that is scheduled
to expire in October 2019. At September 30, 2016, $192 million in borrowings were outstanding on the Centuri facility. Centuri assets securing the facility at September 30, 2016 totaled $510 million.  
 In 2016, Centuri entered into equipment loans totaling $45 million due in 2021 under an existing master loan and security agreement. 
  Note 7   Equity, Other Comprehensive Income, and Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income   
 The table below provides details of activity in equity and the redeemable noncontrolling interest during the nine months ended September 30,
2016.      
   The following information provides insight into amounts impacting Other Comprehensive Income (Loss), on both
before- and after-tax bases, within the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income, which also impact Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income in the Company s Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets and the associated column in the
equity table above, as well as the Redeemable Noncontrolling Interest. See  Note 4   Derivatives and Fair Value Measurements  for additional information on the FSIRS.  
      18  

Related Tax Effects Allocated to Each Component of Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)   
 (Thousands of dollars)      
 
      19  

(1) 
   Tax amounts are calculated using a 38% rate. The Company has elected to indefinitely reinvest the
earnings of Centuri s Canadian subsidiaries in Canada, thus preventing deferred taxes on such earnings. As a result of this assertion, the Company is not recognizing any tax effect or presenting a tax expense or benefit for the currency
translation adjustment amount reported in Other Comprehensive Income, as repatriation of earnings is not anticipated.     
 Approximately $2.1 million of realized losses (net of tax) related to the FSIRS, reported in Accumulated other comprehensive income
( AOCI ) at September 30, 2016, will be reclassified into interest expense within the next 12 months as the related interest payments on long-term debt occur.  
 The following table represents a rollforward of AOCI, presented on the Company s Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets:  
  AOCI - Rollforward     (Thousands of dollars)  

(1) 
   The FSIRS reclassification amounts are included in the Net interest deductions line item on the Condensed
Consolidated Statements of Income.     

(2) 
   These AOCI components are included in the computation of net periodic benefit cost (see  Note 2  
Components of Net Periodic Benefit Cost  for additional details).     

(3) 
   The regulatory adjustment represents the portion of the activity above that is expected to be recovered
through rates in the future (the related regulatory asset is included in the Deferred charges and other assets line item on the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets).     

(4) 
   Tax amounts are calculated using a 38% rate.     
      20  

The following table represents amounts (before income tax impacts) included in AOCI (in the
table above), that have not yet been recognized in net periodic benefit cost:     Amounts Recognized in AOCI (Before Tax)   
 (Thousands of dollars)      
    Note 8   Construction Services Redeemable Noncontrolling Interest   
 In conjunction with the acquisition of the Canadian construction businesses in October 2014, the previous owners of the acquired companies
currently hold a 3.4% equity interest (a noncontrolling interest) in Centuri. The noncontrolling parties are able to exit their investment retained by requiring the purchase of a portion of their interest commencing July 2017 and in incremental
amounts each anniversary date thereafter. The shares subject to the election cumulate (if earlier elections are not made) such that 100% of their interest retained is subject to the election beginning in July 2022. Due to the ability of
the noncontrolling parties to redeem their interest for cash, their interest is presented on the Company s Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet at September 30, 2016 as a Redeemable noncontrolling interest, a category of mezzanine equity
(temporary equity). The following depicts changes to the balance of the redeemable noncontrolling interest between the indicated periods.      
 
      21  

ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS
    Southwest Gas Corporation and its subsidiaries (the  Company ) consist of two business segments: natural gas operations
( Southwest  or the  natural gas operations  segment) and construction services.    Southwest is engaged in the business
of purchasing, distributing, and transporting natural gas for customers in portions of Arizona, Nevada, and California. Southwest is the largest distributor of natural gas in Arizona, selling and transporting natural gas in most of central and
southern Arizona, including the Phoenix and Tucson metropolitan areas. Southwest is also the largest distributor of natural gas in Nevada, serving the Las Vegas metropolitan area and northern Nevada. In addition, Southwest distributes and
transports natural gas for customers in portions of California, including the Lake Tahoe area and the high desert and mountain areas in San Bernardino County.  
 As of September 30, 2016, Southwest had 1,967,000 residential, commercial, industrial, and other natural gas customers, of which 1,049,000
customers were located in Arizona, 726,000 in Nevada, and 192,000 in California. Residential and commercial customers represented over 99% of the total customer base. During the twelve months ended September 30, 2016, 54% of operating
margin was earned in Arizona, 35% in Nevada, and 11% in California. During this same period, Southwest earned 85% of its operating margin from residential and small commercial customers, 3% from other sales customers, and 12% from
transportation customers. These general composition patterns are expected to remain materially consistent for the foreseeable future.  
 Southwest recognizes operating revenues from the distribution and transportation of natural gas (and related services) to
customers. Operating margin is the measure of gas operating revenues less the net cost of gas sold. Management uses operating margin as a main benchmark in comparing operating results from period to period. The principal factors
affecting changes in operating margin are general rate relief (including impacts of infrastructure trackers) and customer growth. The demand for natural gas is seasonal, with greater demand in the colder winter months and decreased demand in
the warmer summer months. All of Southwest s service territories have decoupled rate structures (alternative revenue programs), which are designed to eliminate the direct link between volumetric sales and revenue, thereby mitigating the
impacts of unusual weather variability and conservation on margin, allowing the Company to aggressively pursue energy efficiency initiatives.  
 Centuri Construction Group, Inc. ( Centuri  or the  construction services  segment) is a full-service underground piping
contractor that primarily provides utility companies with trenching and installation, replacement, and maintenance services for energy distribution systems, and develops industrial construction solutions. Centuri operates in 20 major markets in
the United States (primarily as NPL) and in 2 major markets in Canada (as NPL Canada, formerly Link-Line Contractors Ltd., and W.S. Nicholls). Construction activity is cyclical and can be significantly impacted by changes in weather, general
and local economic conditions (including the housing market), interest rates, employment levels, job growth, the equipment resale market, pipe replacement programs of utilities, and local and federal regulation (including tax rates and
incentives). During the past few years, utilities have implemented or modified pipeline integrity management programs to enhance safety pursuant to federal and state mandates. These programs, coupled with recent bonus depreciation tax
deduction incentives, have resulted in a significant increase in multi-year pipeline replacement projects throughout the U.S.    This
Management s Discussion and Analysis ( MD A ) of Financial Condition and Results of Operations should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and the notes thereto, as well as MD A included in the
2015 Annual Report to Shareholders, which is incorporated by reference into the 2015 Form 10-K.  
      22  

Executive Summary   
  The items discussed in this Executive Summary are intended to provide an overview of the results of the Company s
operations.     As needed, certain items are covered in greater detail in later sections of management s discussion and analysis.  As reflected in the table below, the natural gas operations segment accounted for an
average of 82% of twelve-month-to-date consolidated net income over the past two years. As such, management s discussion and analysis is primarily focused on that segment. Natural gas sales are seasonal, peaking during the winter
months; therefore, results of operations for interim periods are not necessarily indicative of results for a full year.    Summary Operating Results
      
    3rd Quarter 2016 Overview   
 Natural gas operations highlights include the following:  

Operating margin increased $6 million compared to the prior-year quarter     

Operations and maintenance expense increased $2.3 million compared to the prior-year quarter

Other income increased $6 million between quarters due to increased COLI-related income     
 Construction services highlights include the following:  

Revenues increased $54 million compared to the prior-year quarter     

Construction expenses increased $54 million compared to the prior-year quarter     
      23  

Results of Natural Gas Operations   
  Quarterly Analysis       
   Operating margin increased approximately $6 million between quarters. Combined rate relief in the
California jurisdiction and Paiute Pipeline Company (see  Rates and Regulatory Proceedings ) provided $2 million in operating margin. New customers contributed $1 million in operating margin during the third quarter of 2016, as
approximately 29,000 net new customers were added during the last twelve months. Operating margin attributable to the Nevada conservation and energy efficiency ( CEE ) surcharge, which was implemented in January 2016, was $2
million. Amounts collected through the surcharge do not impact net income as they also result in an increase in associated amortization expense (discussed below and in  Rates and Regulatory Proceedings ). Operating margin associated
with infrastructure replacement mechanisms and customers outside the decoupling mechanisms, as well as other miscellaneous revenues, collectively increased $1 million.  
 Operations and maintenance expense increased $2.3 million, or 2%, between quarters as general cost increases and higher expenses for pipeline
integrity management and damage prevention programs offset lower pension costs.   Depreciation and amortization expense increased
$3.8 million, or 7%, between quarters. Average gas plant in service for the current quarter increased $366 million, or 6%, compared to the corresponding quarter a year ago. This was attributable to pipeline capacity reinforcement
work, franchise requirements, scheduled and accelerated pipe replacement activities, and new infrastructure, which collectively resulted in increased depreciation expense.  
 Taxes other than income taxes increased $828,000, or 7%, between quarters primarily due to higher property taxes associated with net plant
additions.    Other income, which principally includes returns on company-owned life insurance ( COLI ) policies and non-utility
expenses, increased $6 million between quarters. The current quarter reflects $2.3 million of income associated with COLI policy cash surrender value increases and recognized net death benefits, while the prior-year quarter reflected a
COLI-related loss of $3.9 million.   Net interest deductions increased $105,000 between quarters, primarily due to higher interest expense
associated with PGA balances, substantially offset by reductions associated with the redemption of debt ($20 million 5.25% 2003 Series D IDRBs in September 2015, $100 million 4.85% 2005 Series A IDRBs in July 2016, and $24.9 million 4.75% 2006
Series A in September 2016).    The effective income tax rates in both quarters were impacted by COLI results, which are not subject to
tax. Additionally, the Company claimed a federal income tax credit, which resulted in a recognized benefit of approximately $1.6 million during the third quarter of 2016.  
      24  

Nine-Month Analysis       
   The contribution to consolidated net income from natural gas operations increased $8.2 million between the
first nine months of 2016 and 2015. The improvement was primarily due to higher operating margin and other income, partially offset by an increase in operating expenses, notably depreciation and amortization.  
 Operating margin increased $25 million between the nine-month periods. Combined rate relief in the California jurisdiction and
Paiute Pipeline Company provided $7 million in operating margin. New customers contributed $6 million in operating margin during the first nine months of 2016. Operating margin attributable to the Nevada CEE surcharge, which was
implemented in January 2016, provided $8 million of the increase. Amounts collected through the surcharge do not impact net income as they also result in an increase in associated amortization expense. Operating margin associated with
infrastructure replacement mechanisms and customers outside the decoupling mechanisms, as well as other miscellaneous revenues, collectively increased $4 million.  
 Operations and maintenance expense increased $7 million, or 2%, between periods primarily due to increased expenses for pipeline integrity
management and damage prevention programs (collectively, $3 million) and general cost increases, partially offset by a decline in pension expense. 
 Depreciation and amortization expense increased $15.2 million, or 10%, between periods. Average gas plant in service for the current
period increased $337 million, or 6%, compared to the corresponding period a year ago. This was attributable to pipeline capacity reinforcement work, franchise requirements, scheduled and accelerated pipe replacement activities, and new
infrastructure, which collectively resulted in increased depreciation expense. In addition, approximately $5.8 million of the increase is attributable to amortization related to the recovery of regulatory assets, notably the amortization
accompanying the recovery of Nevada CEE costs indicated above.   Taxes other than income taxes increased $2.4 million, or 7%, between
periods primarily due to higher property taxes associated with net plant additions.    Other income increased $7.3 million between
periods. The current period reflects $5.4 million of COLI-related income associated with cash surrender value increases and recognized net death benefits, while the prior-year period reflected a COLI-related loss of $2.6 million. 
 Net interest deductions increased $1.1 million between periods primarily due to higher interest expense associated with PGA balances,
partially offset by reductions associated with various IDRB debt redemptions during the past year.    The effective income tax rates in both
periods were impacted by COLI results, which are not subject to tax. Additionally, the Company claimed a federal income tax credit, which resulted in a recognized benefit of approximately $1.6 million during the third quarter of 2016.  

      25  

Twelve-Month Analysis       
   Contribution to consolidated net income from natural gas operations increased $6.6 million between the
twelve-month periods of 2016 and 2015. The improvement was primarily due to higher operating margin and other income, partially offset by an increase in operating expenses.  
 Operating margin increased $28 million between periods including $8 million attributable to customer growth and a combined
$8 million of rate relief in the California jurisdiction and Paiute Pipeline Company. Operating margin attributable to the Nevada CEE surcharge implemented in January 2016 was $8 million (a corresponding increase is reflected in
amortization expense). Operating margin associated with infrastructure replacement mechanisms and customers outside the decoupling mechanisms, as well as other miscellaneous revenues, collectively improved $4 million.  
 Operations and maintenance expense increased $15 million, or 4%, between periods primarily due to general cost increases. In addition,
expenses for pipeline integrity management and damage prevention programs collectively increased $4 million.   Depreciation and amortization
expense increased $17.7 million, or 8%, between periods. Average gas plant in service for the current period increased $320 million, or 6%, as compared to the prior period. This was attributable to pipeline capacity reinforcement
work, franchise requirements, scheduled and accelerated pipe replacement activities, and new infrastructure, which collectively resulted in increased depreciation expense. In addition, approximately $6.3 million of the increase is attributable
to amortization related to the recovery of regulatory assets, notably, amortization accompanying the recovery of Nevada CEE costs indicated above. 
 Taxes other than income taxes increased $1.8 million between periods primarily due to higher property taxes associated with net plant
additions.    Other income increased $8 million between the twelve-month periods of 2016 and 2015. The current period reflects $7.5
million in income associated with COLI policy cash surrender value increases and recognized net death benefits, while the prior-year period included a COLI-related loss of $200,000. 
 Net interest deductions increased $188,000 between periods primarily due to higher interest expense associated with PGA balances, which was
substantially offset by reductions associated with various IDRB debt redemptions during the past year.    The effective income tax rates in
both periods were impacted by COLI results, which are not subject to tax. Additionally, the Company claimed a federal income tax credit, which resulted in a recognized benefit of approximately $1.6 million during the third quarter of 2016.
 
      26  

Results of Construction Services   
  Results of Construction Services       
   In May 2016, Centuri acquired ETTI. Line items in the tables above reflect the results of ETTI only since
the acquisition date. ETTI provided $4.8 million in revenue during the quarter and $5.9 million year-to-date.     Quarterly
Analysis.    Net income contribution for the current quarter improved $672,000 compared to the third quarter of 2015. Additional pipe replacement work, a decline in depreciation and amortization, and lower interest expense positively
impacted net income.   Revenues increased $53.8 million, or 19%, in the third quarter of 2016 when compared to the prior-year quarter,
primarily due to additional pipe replacement work. The majority of the revenue increase was from the existing base of utility customers and their expanded pipe replacement programs.  
 Construction expenses increased $53.9 million, or 22%, between quarters, due to the additional pipe replacement work noted above and
higher operating expenses to support increased growth in operations. In addition, increased labor costs were experienced due to a change in the mix of work with existing customers performed during the current quarter. Included within
construction expenses were higher general and administrative costs to support the growth in operations and approximately $1 million of incremental costs due to organizational realignment activities initiated in response to the increasing size
and complexity of Centuri s business. Gains on sale of equipment (reflected as an offset to construction expenses) were approximately $1.4 million and $456,000 for the third quarters of 2016 and 2015, respectively. Depreciation and
amortization expense decreased $395,000 between quarters primarily due to a $2 million reduction in depreciation associated with a change in the estimated useful lives of certain depreciable equipment, partially offset by an increase in depreciation
on additional equipment purchased to support the growing volume of work being performed.   Net interest deductions decreased $348,000
between quarters. The decrease was primarily due to lower interest rates on outstanding borrowings during the current quarter.  
  Nine-Month Analysis.    Net income contribution for the first nine months of 2016 improved $6.5 million compared to the same
period of 2015. Additional pipe replacement work and lower interest expense positively impacted net income, partially offset by overall increases in depreciation and amortization. The prior-year period included a $7.7 million pretax loss
reserve on an industrial project in Canada.    Revenues increased $119 million, or 17%, in the first nine months of 2016 when compared to
the prior-year period, primarily due to additional pipe replacement work and incremental work that was able to be completed as a result of favorable weather conditions generally in the mid-western and north-eastern parts of the United States and
Canada during the first half of 2016. 
      27  

Construction expenses increased $110.4 million, or 17%, between periods, due to the
additional pipe replacement work and incremental work noted above. Gains on sale of equipment (reflected as an offset to construction expenses) were approximately $4.1 million and $3 million for the first nine months of 2016 and 2015,
respectively. Depreciation and amortization expense increased $1.7 million between periods due to depreciation on additional equipment purchased to support the growing volume of work being performed, partially offset by a decline in
amortization of certain finite-lived intangible assets recognized from the October 2014 acquisition ($1.1 million).    Net interest
deductions decreased $1 million between periods. The decrease was primarily due to lower interest rates on outstanding borrowings during the current period.  
  Twelve-Month Analysis.  Contribution to consolidated net income from construction services for the twelve-month period ended
September 30, 2016 increased $15.5 million compared to the same period of 2015. The improvement includes increased pipe replacement work, partially offset by increases in depreciation and amortization. The prior-year period reflects the
$7.7 million pretax loss reserve on an industrial project in Canada, while the current period includes an approximate $4 million pretax favorable settlement related to the project. 
 Revenues increased $179.3 million, or 19%, in the current twelve-month period compared to the same period of 2015 primarily due to additional
pipe replacement work in the current period. Favorable weather conditions generally in the mid-western and north-eastern parts of the United States and Canada during the first half of 2016 and the fourth quarter of 2015 provided an extended
construction season for the current twelve-month period. During the past several years, the construction services segment has focused its efforts on obtaining pipe replacement work under both blanket contracts and incremental bid
projects. For both the twelve months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, revenues from replacement work provided over 60% of total revenues.  
 Net interest deductions decreased $2.2 million between periods. The decrease was primarily due to lower interest rates and lower average
outstanding borrowings.    Construction expenses increased $158.6 million, or 19% between periods, due to additional pipe replacement
work during the twelve months ended September 30, 2016. Gains on sale of equipment (reflected as an offset to construction expenses) were $4.2 million and $3.5 million for the twelve-month periods of 2016 and 2015,
respectively. Depreciation and amortization expense increased $2.4 million between the current and prior-year periods primarily due to increased depreciation for additional equipment purchased to support growth in the volume of work
being performed.    Rates and Regulatory Proceedings   
   Arizona Jurisdiction       Arizona
General Rate Case.    Southwest filed a general rate application with the Arizona Corporation Commission ( ACC ) in May 2016 requesting an increase in authorized annual operating revenues of approximately $32 million, or 4.2%,
to reflect existing levels of expense and requested returns, in addition to reflecting capital investments made by Southwest since June 2010. The application requests an overall rate of return of 7.82% on an original cost rate base of $1.336
billion, a 10.25% return on common equity, and a capital structure utilizing 52% common equity. The filing includes a depreciation study that supports a proposal to reduce currently effective depreciation expense by approximately $42 million,
which is considered in the overall requested amount. This expense reduction coupled with the requested revenue increase, results in a net annual operating income increase request of $74 million. The Company is also seeking to continue the
current Customer-Owned Yard Line ( COYL ) program approved in its last general rate case and to expand this mechanism to include other non-revenue producing projects such as the replacement of vintage steel pipe, while utilizing the same
cost recovery methodology. Southwest is also requesting a property tax tracker and to maintain the current decoupled rate design. A procedural order has been issued; with intervenors and ACC staff direct testimony beginning in late
November 2016. Hearings, if necessary, are scheduled for February 2017. New rates are expected to be in place by May 2017.  
  COYL Program.  The Company received approval, in connection with its previous Arizona general rate case, to implement a program to
conduct leak surveys, and if leaks were present, to replace and relocate service lines and meters for approximately 100,000 Arizona customers whose meters were set off from the customer s home, which is not a traditional
configuration. Customers with this configuration were previously responsible for the cost of maintaining these lines and were subject to the immediate cessation of natural gas service if low-pressure leaks
 
      28  

occurred. Effective June 2013, the ACC authorized a surcharge to recover the costs of depreciation and pre-tax return on the costs incurred to replace and relocate service lines and
meters. The surcharge is revised annually as the program progresses. In 2014, the Company received approval to add a  Phase II  component to the COYL program to include the replacement of non-leaking COYLs. In the most
recent annual COYL filing made in February 2016, the Company requested to increase the annual surcharge revenue from $2.5 million to $3.7 million to reflect additional costs incurred for both Phase I and Phase II. This request was based on
total capital expenditures of $23.1 million, $13.4 million of which was incurred during 2014 and 2015. In May 2016, the ACC issued a decision approving the surcharge application, effective in June 2016. 
  LNG ( Liquefied Natural Gas ) Facility . In January 2014, Southwest filed an application with the ACC seeking preapproval
to construct, operate and maintain a 233,000 dekatherm LNG facility in southern Arizona and to recover the actual costs, including the establishment of a regulatory asset. This facility is intended to enhance service reliability and flexibility
in natural gas deliveries in the southern Arizona area by providing a local storage option, to be operated by Southwest and connected directly to its distribution system. Southwest requested approval of the actual cost of the project (including
those facilities necessary to connect the proposed storage tank to Southwest s existing distribution system). In December 2014, Southwest received an order from the ACC granting pre-approval of Southwest s application to construct the
LNG facility and the deferral of costs, limited to $50 million. The initial cost estimate was made in 2013 prior to selecting the land and receipt of the detailed engineering design specifications. Following the December 2014 preapproval, the
Company purchased the site for the facility and completed detailed engineering design specifications for the purpose of soliciting bids for the engineering, procurement and construction ( EPC ) of the facility. Southwest solicited requests
for proposals for the EPC phase of the project, and in October 2016 made a filing with the ACC to modify the previously issued Order to update the pre-approved costs to reflect a not-to-exceed amount of $80 million, which is intended to update the
pre-approval to reflect the current pricing information made available through the recently completed EPC phase. Construction is expected to take approximately two to three years to complete following a notice to proceed to the contractor. Through
September 2016, Southwest has incurred approximately $4 million in capital expenditures toward the project (including land acquisition costs). The Company included a proposal for the ratemaking treatment of facility costs as part of its current
Arizona rate case filing. Absent further consideration in the current general rate case, the authorization to defer costs expires November 1, 2017 (from which point, expenditures incurred would not otherwise be eligible for deferral) and also
requires any unquantified cost savings to be deferred. Any gas costs incurred that are not related to the initial construction and placement of the facility are to be recovered through the PGA mechanism. The Company anticipates a decision
on its filing to modify the approved amount to reflect the current market pricing before the end of the year.      California Jurisdiction    
  California Attrition Filing.  In November 2015, Southwest made its annual post-test year ( PTY ) attrition filing with the
California Public Utilities Commission ( CPUC ), requesting annual revenue increases of $1.8 million in southern California, $499,000 in northern California, and $249,000 for South Lake Tahoe. This filing was approved in December 2015
and rates were made effective in January 2016. The CPUC also approved an adjustment to recover costs associated with replacing 7.1 miles of transmission pipeline and installing a remote control shut-off valve. This adjustment is expected to result
in an annualized margin increase of $1.7 million during 2016.      Nevada Jurisdiction    
  Infrastructure Replacement Mechanisms.    In January 2014, the Public Utilities Commission of Nevada ( PUCN ) approved
final rules for a mechanism to defer and recover certain costs associated with accelerated replacement of non-revenue producing infrastructure. This mechanism has been in place since that time. In October 2015, the PUCN approved a GIR Advance
Application, granting Southwest the authority to replace $43.5 million of infrastructure under the GIR mechanism and management filed a separate rate application to reset the GIR surcharge, based upon project costs deferred through August 2015.
In December 2015, the PUCN approved new rates, effective in January 2016, which are expected to result in approximately $4 million in annualized revenues. For 2016, the annualized revenue requirement associated with the accelerated pipe
replacement approved in 2015, to be completed during 2016 is estimated at $4.6 million. In June 2016, Southwest filed a GIR Advance Application with the PUCN for projects expected to be completed during 2017. This filing proposed approximately $60
million of accelerated pipe replacement to include early vintage plastic, early vintage steel, and a COYL program. The COYL program, while not large in magnitude, represents the first of its kind in Nevada, modeled after the program in place in
Southwest s  
      29  

Arizona jurisdiction for several years. The PUCN issued an Order on the Advance Application in October 2016, approving approximately $57.3 million of replacement work with an annualized revenue
requirement estimated at approximately $5.3 million. The proposed COYL program was approved for the northern Nevada rate jurisdiction, but consideration for the southern Nevada rate jurisdiction was deferred until 2020, at which time certain early
vintage plastic pipe programs are expected to be completed. In September 2016, Southwest filed to adjust rates effective January 2017, to collect an additional $4.5 million in expected annual revenue for amounts previously deferred.  
  Conservation and Energy Efficiency.  In June 2015, Southwest requested recovery of energy efficiency and conservation development
and implementation costs, including promotions and incentives for various programs, as originally approved for deferral by the PUCN effective November 2009. While recovery of these costs was approved as part of the most recent general rate case
made effective May 2012, amounts incurred subsequent to the effective date continued to be deferred. Approved rates became effective January 2016 and are currently expected to result in annualized margin increases of $2 million in northern
Nevada and $8.7 million in southern Nevada, and also include amounts representing expected program expenditures for 2016. There is, however, no anticipated impact to net income overall from these recoveries as the amounts collected through
customer rates are also reflected as higher amortization expense.      Federal Energy Regulatory Commission ( FERC ) Jurisdiction   
  General Rate Case.    Paiute Pipeline Company ( Paiute ), a wholly owned subsidiary of Southwest, filed a general
rate case with the FERC in February 2014. In September 2014, Paiute reached an agreement in principle with the FERC Staff and intervenors to settle the case. In February 2015, the FERC issued a letter order approving the settlement as
filed. Tariff changes in compliance with the settlement were filed in March 2015. In addition to agreeing to rate design changes to encourage longer-term contracts with its shippers, the settlement resulted in an annual revenue
increase of $2.4 million, plus a $1.3 million depreciation reduction. The settlement implies an 11.5% pre-tax rate of return. Also, as part of this agreement, Paiute agreed to file a rate case no earlier than May 2016 and no later
than May 2019. No filing in advance of the date required is currently contemplated.    Elko County Expansion Project.  Paiute
previously requested to expand its existing transmission system to provide additional firm transportation-service capacity in the Elko County, Nevada area, in order to meet growing natural gas demands caused by increased residential and business
load and the greater energy needs of mining operations in the area. In May 2015, the FERC issued an order authorizing a Certificate of Public Convenience and Necessity to Paiute to construct and operate the Elko County Expansion Project, and
subsequently provided a formal Notice to Proceed. Construction began in the second quarter of 2015 and the project was placed in service in January 2016 as authorized by the FERC. Rates to begin recovering the cost of the project were
implemented in January 2016 and are expected to result in $6 million in revenue annually. The total cost of this project was estimated at approximately $35 million. As of September 30, 2016, costs incurred were approximately $34
million and costs associated with remaining site restoration along the construction corridor are estimated at less than $1 million.  
  2018 Expansion.  In response to growing demand in the Carson City and South Lake Tahoe areas of northern California and northern
Nevada, Paiute evaluated shipper interest in acquiring additional transportation capacity and executed precedent agreements for incremental transportation capacity with Southwest during the third quarter of 2016. In October 2016, Paiute
initiated a pre-filing review process with the FERC for an expansion project, anticipated to consist of 8.4 miles of additional transmission pipeline infrastructure at an approximate cost of $17 million. A formal certificate application is
expected to be filed in mid-2017, at which time, an environmental assessment will also be facilitated. If the process progresses as planned, the additional facilities could be in place by the end of 2018. 
  PGA Filings     The rate schedules in all of
Southwest s service territories contain provisions that permit adjustments to rates as the cost of purchased gas changes. These deferred energy provisions and purchased gas adjustment clauses are collectively referred to as  PGA 
clauses. Differences between gas costs recovered from customers and amounts paid for gas by Southwest result in over- or under-collections. At September 30, 2016, over-collections in all jurisdictions resulted in a liability of $123.4 million
on the Company s condensed consolidated balance sheet. Gas cost rates paid to suppliers have been lower than amounts recovered from customers during the first nine months of 2016, resulting in additional overrecoveries since December 31,
2015. Tariff rates have been adjusted in all jurisdictions during this period. Filings to change rates in accordance with PGA clauses are subject to audit by state regulatory commission staffs. PGA changes impact cash flows but have no direct impact
on profit margin. However, gas cost deferrals and  
      30  

recoveries can impact comparisons between periods of individual consolidated income statement components. These include Gas operating revenues, Net cost of gas sold, Net interest deductions, and
Other income (deductions).   The following table presents Southwest s outstanding PGA balances receivable/(payable) (thousands of dollars): 
   
    Pipeline Safety Regulation   
 The Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration ( PHMSA ) is in the process of proposing a series of significant
rulemakings that are expected to further transform the regulatory requirements for pipelines. In October 2016, PHMSA issued a final rule regarding expanding the use of excess flow valves in natural gas distribution systems. The new rule will
become effective in April 2017. The Company is evaluating potential impacts of this regulation on its operations and customers. The Company continues to monitor changing pipeline safety legislation and participates to the extent possible
in developing associated mandates and reporting requirements. Additionally, it works with its state and federal commissions, where possible, to develop customer rates that are responsive to incremental costs of compliance. However, due to
the timing of when rates are implemented in response to new requirements, and as additional rules are developed, compliance requirements could impact the Company s expenses and the timing and amount of capital expenditures.  
  Holding Company Reorganization     In 2015,
the Board of Directors ( Board ) of the Company authorized management to evaluate and pursue a holding company reorganization to provide further separation between regulated and unregulated businesses, and to provide additional financing
flexibility. Following the holding company reorganization, Centuri and Southwest Gas would each be subsidiaries of the new publicly traded parent holding company but Centuri would no longer be a subsidiary of Southwest Gas. All of Southwest Gas
Corporation s outstanding debt securities (not associated with Centuri) at the time of the reorganization will remain at the Southwest Gas utility entity. Regulatory applications for preapproval of the reorganization were filed with the
ACC, the CPUC, and the PUCN in October 2015. Approvals were received from the CPUC, the PUCN, and the ACC in January, March, and May, respectively, of 2016. The reorganization is also subject to consents from various third parties and
final Board approval. Subject to such conditions, the reorganization is expected to become effective in January 2017. In this event, each outstanding share of Southwest Gas common stock would automatically convert into a share of stock in
the holding company, on a one-for-one basis.     Capital Resources and Liquidity   
 Cash on hand and cash flows from operations in the past twelve months have generally provided the majority of cash used in investing activities
(primarily for construction expenditures and property additions). During the past three years, the Company was able to achieve cost savings from debt refinancing and strategic debt redemptions. Certain pipe replacement work was accelerated
during these years to take advantage of bonus depreciation tax incentives and to fortify system integrity and reliability, largely supported by favorable regulatory mechanisms. In addition, in March 2015, the Company filed an automatic shelf
registration statement for the offer and sale of up to $100 million of its common stock for general corporate purposes and for the noted investment activities (refer to  Note 5   Common Stock  and the discussion below), and it also issued
$300 million in new debt (refer to  Note 6   Long-term Debt ). The Company s capitalization strategy is to maintain an appropriate balance of equity and debt to maintain strong investment-grade credit ratings, which should
minimize interest costs.  
      31  

Cash Flows   
  Operating Cash Flows.    Cash flows provided by consolidated operating activities increased $63.4 million in the first nine
months of 2016 as compared to the same period of 2015. The improvement in operating cash flows included an increase in net income and benefits from depreciation and deferred income taxes. Additionally, new and updated surcharges for decoupling
mechanisms, conservation and energy efficiency and gas infrastructure programs improved cash flows during the first nine months of 2016. Refer to  Results of Natural Gas Operations  and  Rates and Regulatory Proceedings .  
  Investing Cash Flows.    Cash used in consolidated investing activities increased $88.8 million in the first nine months of
2016 as compared to the same period of 2015. The increase was primarily due to additional construction expenditures, including scheduled and accelerated pipe replacement, and equipment purchases by Centuri due to the increased replacement
construction work of its customers, as well as the acquisition of ETTI in the construction services segment.     Financing Cash
Flows.    Net cash used in consolidated financing activities decreased $80.1 million in the first nine months of 2016 as compared to the same period of 2015. Southwest issued $300 million in senior notes and redeemed approximately
$125 million of IDRBs during the current period (see  Note 6   Long-Term Debt ). It also temporarily paid down $150 million of amounts outstanding on the long-term portion, as well as $18 million of amounts outstanding on the
short-term portion, of its credit and commercial paper facility during 2016. All other long-term debt issuance amounts and retirements of long-term debt during this period are attributable to Centuri s borrowing and repayment
activity. Southwest also issued stock under its Equity Shelf Program in the first nine months of 2015. See  Note 5   Common Stock , and discussion below. Dividends paid increased in the first nine months of 2016 as compared
to the same period of 2015 as a result of an increase in the quarterly dividend per share and an increase in the number of shares outstanding. 
 The capital requirements and resources of the Company generally are determined independently for the natural gas operations and construction
services segments. Each business activity is generally responsible for securing its own financing sources.     Gas Segment Construction Expenditures, Debt
Maturities, and Financing     During the twelve-month period ended September 30, 2016, construction expenditures for the natural gas
operations segment were $485 million. The majority of these expenditures represented costs associated with scheduled and accelerated replacement of existing transmission, distribution, and general plant. Cash flows from operating
activities of Southwest were $532 million during this time, which provided the majority of the funding for construction expenditures and dividend requirements of the natural gas operations segment.  
 Southwest estimates natural gas segment construction expenditures during the three-year period ending December 31, 2018 will be between
$1.4 billion and $1.6 billion. Of this amount, approximately $470 million is expected to be incurred in the full year 2016. Southwest plans to continue, as appropriate, to request regulatory support to accelerate projects that improve
system flexibility and reliability (including replacement of early vintage plastic and steel pipe). This includes the recent approval in Nevada to complete $57.3 million in accelerated replacement projects in Nevada in 2017 and a future request
in California to initiate new programs, as well as a request included in the current Arizona general rate case to expand existing or initiate new programs. If successful, significant replacement activities are expected to continue well beyond
the next few years. See also  Rates and Regulatory Proceedings  for discussion of Nevada infrastructure, Arizona COYL, and an LNG facility. During the three-year period, cash flows from operating activities of Southwest are expected
to provide approximately 65% to 75% of the funding necessary for the gas operations  total construction expenditures and dividend requirements. Any additional cash requirements are expected to be provided by existing credit facilities
and/or other external financing sources. The timing, types, and amounts of any additional external financings will be dependent on a number of factors, including the cost of gas purchases, conditions in the capital markets, timing and amounts
of rate relief, growth levels in Southwest s service areas, and earnings. External financings could include the issuance of both debt and equity securities, bank and other short-term borrowings, and other forms of financing.  
      32  

During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, the Company issued approximately 105,000
additional shares of common stock collectively through the Restricted Stock/Unit Plan, the Management Incentive Plan, and the Stock Incentive Plan. The Company raised approximately $735,000 from the issuance of shares of common stock through
the Stock Incentive Plan. All shares associated with the Stock Incentive Plan have been issued.     Bonus Depreciation   
 In December 2015, the Protecting Americans from Tax Hikes Act of 2015 ( PATH Act ) was enacted, extending the 50% bonus depreciation
tax deduction for qualified property acquired or constructed and placed in-service during 2015 (and additional years as noted below) as well as other tax deductions, credits, and incentives. The bonus depreciation tax deduction will be phased
out over five years. The PATH Act provides for a 50% bonus depreciation tax deduction in 2015 through 2017, 40% in 2018, 30% in 2019, and no bonus deduction after 2019. Southwest estimates the bonus depreciation provision of the PATH Act
will defer the payment of more than $60 million of federal income taxes for 2016. The actual amount will be dependent upon the ultimate level of qualifying expenditures.  
  Dividend Policy     In reviewing dividend
policy, the Board of Directors ( Board ) considers the adequacy and sustainability of earnings and cash flows of the Company and its subsidiaries; the strength of the Company s capital structure; the sustainability of the dividend
through all business cycles; and whether the dividend is within a normal payout range for its respective businesses. As a result of its ongoing review of dividend policy, in February 2016, the Board increased the quarterly dividend from 40.5
cents to 45 cents per share, effective with the June 2016 payment. The Board s policy is to target a dividend payout ratio that allows the Company to maintain its strong credit ratings and effectively fund its rate base growth and is
consistent with the local distribution company peer group average. The timing and amount of any increases will be based on the Board s continual review of the Company s dividends per share in the context of the performance of the
Company s two operating segments and their future growth prospects.     Liquidity   
 Liquidity refers to the ability of an enterprise to generate sufficient amounts of cash through its operating activities and external financing
to meet its cash requirements. Several general factors (some of which are out of the control of the Company) that could significantly affect liquidity in future years include: variability of natural gas prices, changes in the ratemaking
policies of regulatory commissions, regulatory lag, customer growth in the natural gas segment s service territories, Southwest s ability to access and obtain capital from external sources, interest rates, changes in income tax laws,
pension funding requirements, inflation, and the level of Company earnings. Natural gas prices and related gas cost recovery/refunding rates have historically had the most significant impact on Company liquidity.  
 On an interim basis, Southwest defers over- or under-collections of gas costs to PGA balancing accounts. In addition, Southwest uses this
mechanism to either refund amounts over-collected or recoup amounts under-collected as compared to the price paid for natural gas during the period since the last PGA rate change went into effect. At September 30, 2016, the combined
balance in the PGA accounts totaled an over-collection of $123.4 million. See  PGA Filings  for more information.    In March 2016, the
Company amended its $300 million credit and commercial paper facility. The facility was previously scheduled to expire in March 2020 and was extended to March 2021. Southwest has designated $150 million of the $300 million facility
for long-term borrowing needs and the remaining $150 million for working capital purposes. The maximum amount outstanding on the credit facility (including a commercial paper program) during the first nine months of 2016 was
$230 million. At September 30, 2016, there were no borrowings outstanding on the short-term and long-term portions of the credit facility. The credit facility can be used as necessary to meet liquidity requirements, including
temporarily financing under-collected PGA balances, if any, or meeting the refund needs of over-collected balances. This credit facility has been adequate for Southwest s working capital needs outside of funds raised through operations and
other types of external financing.  
      33  

The Company has a $50 million commercial paper program. Any issuance under the
commercial paper program is supported by the Company s current revolving credit facility and, therefore, does not represent additional borrowing capacity. Any borrowing under the commercial paper program will be designated as long-term
debt. Interest rates for the commercial paper program are calculated at the current commercial paper rate during the borrowing term. At September 30, 2016, no borrowings were outstanding under this program.  
 The $100 million 2005 4.85% Series A fixed-rate IDRBs (originally due in 2035) were redeemed at par plus accrued interest in July
2016. In September 2016, the $24.9 million 2006A 4.75% fixed-rate IDRBs (originally due in 2036) were redeemed at par plus accrued interest.  
 In September 2016, the Company issued $300 million in 3.8% Senior Notes at a discount of 0.302%. The notes will mature in September
2046. A portion of the net proceeds were used to temporarily pay down amounts outstanding under the credit facility. The remaining net proceeds are intended to be used for general corporate purposes.  
 Centuri has a $300 million secured revolving credit and term loan facility that is scheduled to expire in October 2019. The term loan facility
portion had an initial limit of approximately $150 million, which was reached in 2014 and is in the process of being repaid. No further borrowing is permitted under this portion of the facility. The secured revolving credit facility portion also has
a limit of $150 million; amounts borrowed and repaid under this portion of the facility are available to be re-borrowed. The maximum amount outstanding on the credit facility during the first nine months of 2016 was $198 million, at which
point $115 million was outstanding on the term loan facility. At September 30, 2016, $79.9 million was outstanding on the Centuri secured revolving credit facility. At September 30, 2016, there was approximately $56 million, net of letters
of credit, available under the line of credit.    The following table sets forth the ratios of earnings to fixed charges for the
Company. Due to the seasonal nature of the Company s business, these ratios are computed on a twelve-month basis:      
   Earnings are defined as the sum of pretax income plus fixed charges. Fixed charges consist of all interest
expense including capitalized interest, one-third of rent expense (which approximates the interest component of such expense), and net amortized debt costs.  
  Forward-Looking Statements   
 This quarterly report contains statements that constitute  forward-looking statements  within the meaning of the Private Securities
Litigation Reform Act of 1995 ( Reform Act ). All statements other than statements of historical fact included or incorporated by reference in this quarterly report are forward-looking statements, including, without limitation,
statements regarding the Company s plans, objectives, goals, intentions, projections, strategies, future events or performance, and underlying assumptions. The words  may,   if,   will,   should, 
 could,   expect,   plan,   anticipate,   believe,   estimate,   predict,   project,   continue,   forecast,   intend, 
 promote,   seek,  and similar words and expressions are generally used and intended to identify forward-looking statements. For example, statements regarding operating margin patterns, customer growth, the composition of
our customer base, price volatility, seasonal patterns, payment of debt, interest savings, the Company s COLI strategy, annual COLI returns, replacement market and new construction market, bonus depreciation tax deductions, amount and timing
for completion of estimated future construction expenditures, including the LNG facility in southern Arizona and related reconsideration of the modified filing or Order issued related to the LNG facility, forecasted operating cash flows and results
of operations, net earnings impacts from gas infrastructure replacement surcharges, funding sources of cash requirements, amounts generally expected to be reflected in 2016 or future period revenues from regulatory rate proceedings including the
Arizona general rate case, rates and surcharges, PGA, and other rate adjustments, impacts of pipeline safety regulations, sufficiency of working capital and current credit facilities, bank lending practices, the Company s views regarding its
liquidity position, ability to raise funds and receive external financing capacity and the intent and ability to issue the remaining capacity under the Equity Shelf Program, future dividend increases, pension and post-retirement benefits, certain
benefits of tax acts, the effect of any rate changes or regulatory  
      34  

proceedings, infrastructure replacement mechanisms and the COYL program or ability to receive approval for an expansion of the program, statements regarding future gas prices, gas purchase
contracts and derivative financial instruments, recoverability of regulatory assets, the impact of certain legal proceedings, the success in securing remaining approvals of the proposed holding company structure or timing of the related
reorganization, and the timing and results of future rate hearings and approvals are forward-looking statements. All forward-looking statements are intended to be subject to the safe harbor protection provided by the Reform Act.  
 A number of important factors affecting the business and financial results of the Company could cause actual results to differ materially from
those stated in the forward-looking statements. These factors include, but are not limited to, customer growth rates, conditions in the housing market, the ability to recover costs through the PGA mechanisms or other regulatory assets, the effects
of regulation/deregulation, the effects of pipeline safety regulations, the timing and amount of rate relief, changes in rate design, variability in volume of gas or transportation service sold to customers, changes in gas procurement practices,
changes in capital requirements and funding, the impact of conditions in the capital markets on financing costs, changes in construction expenditures and financing, changes in operations and maintenance expenses, effects of pension expense
forecasts, accounting changes, future liability claims, changes in pipeline capacity for the transportation of gas and related costs, results of Centuri bid work, impacts of structural and management changes at Centuri, Centuri construction
expenses, differences between actual and originally expected outcomes of Centuri bid or other fixed-price construction agreements, and ability to successfully procure new work, acquisitions and management s plans related thereto, competition,
our ability to raise capital in external financings, our ability to continue to remain within the ratios and other limits subject to our debt covenants, and ongoing evaluations in regard to goodwill and other intangible assets. In addition, the
Company can provide no assurance that its discussions regarding certain trends relating to its financing and operating expenses will continue in future periods. For additional information on the risks associated with the Company s business, see
 Item 1A. Risk Factors  and  Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk  in the Company s Annual Report on  Form 10-K  for the year ended December 31, 2015.  
 All forward-looking statements in this quarterly report are made as of the date hereof, based on information available to the Company as of
the date hereof, and the Company assumes no obligation to update or revise any of its forward-looking statements even if experience or future changes show that the indicated results or events will not be realized.  We caution you to not
unduly rely on any forward-looking statement(s).      ITEM 3. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK   
 See  Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk  in the Company s 2015 Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with
the SEC. No material changes have occurred related to the Company s disclosures about market risk.     ITEM 4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES
    The Company has established disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act )) that are designed to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed in reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized, and
reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms and to provide reasonable assurance that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial
Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures. A control system, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are
met. Further, the design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Additionally, controls can be circumvented by the individual acts
of some persons, by collusion of two or more people, or management override of the control. Because of the inherent limitations in a cost-effective control system, misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and may not be detected.  
 Based on the most recent evaluation, as of September 30, 2016, management of the Company, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief
Financial Officer, believe the Company s disclosure controls and procedures are effective at attaining the level of reasonable assurance noted above.  
      35  

There have been no changes in the Company s internal controls over financial reporting
(as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the Exchange Act) during the third quarter of 2016 that have materially affected, or are likely to materially affect, the Company s internal controls over financial reporting.  
   PART II - OTHER INFORMATION    
  ITEM 1. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS     The
Company is named as a defendant in various legal proceedings. The ultimate dispositions of these proceedings are not presently determinable; however, it is the opinion of management that none of this litigation individually or in the aggregate
will have a material adverse impact on the Company s financial position or results of operations.    ITEMS 1A through 3.  None.  
  ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES  Not applicable.    
  ITEM 5. OTHER INFORMATION  None.       ITEM 6.
EXHIBITS     The following documents are filed, or furnished, as applicable, as part of this report on Form 10-Q:

Exhibit 4.01 
    
 - 
    
   Indenture, dated as of September 29, 2016, by and between Southwest Gas Corporation and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust
Company, N.A., as Trustee. Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Form 8-K dated September 26, 2016. File No. 1-07850.   

Exhibit 4.02 

Amendment No. 2 to Note Purchase Agreement, dated September 30, 2016, by and among Southwest Gas Corporation and
Metropolitan Life Insurance Company, John Hancock Life Insurance Company (U.S.A.), certain of their respective affiliates, and Union Fidelity Life Insurance Company.   

Exhibit 12.01 
    
 - 
    
   Computation of Ratios of Earnings to Fixed Charges.   

Exhibit 31.01 
    
 - 
    
   Section 302 Certifications.   

Exhibit 32.01 
    
 - 
    
   Section 906 Certifications.   

Exhibit 101 
    
 - 
    
   The following materials from the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30,
2016, formatted in Extensible Business Reporting Language ( XBRL ): (i) the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets, (ii) the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income, (iii) the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income,
(iv) the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, and (v) the Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements.   
 
      36  

SIGNATURES   
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by
the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.       

Southwest Gas Corporation   
 
 (Registrant)   
  Date: November 8, 2016  

/s/ GREGORY J. PETERSON   
 
 Gregory J. Peterson  
 
 Vice President/Controller and Chief Accounting Officer  

37  

<EX-4.02>
 2
 d256766dex402.htm
 EX-4.02

EX-4.02 

Exhibit 4.02       
       
  SOUTHWEST GAS CORPORATION   
  $125,000,000      6.10%
Senior Notes due 2041             
  AMENDMENT NO. 2      to
     NOTE PURCHASE AGREEMENT        
       Dated
September 30, 2016           

TABLE OF CONTENTS   

Page  

SECTION 1.  
    
   AMENDMENTS  

2 

SECTION 2.  
    
   REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE COMPANY  

4 

SECTION 3.  
    
   CONDITIONS TO EFFECTIVENESS OF THIS AMENDMENT NO. 2  

5 

SECTION 4.  
    
   MISCELLANEOUS  

6 

ATTACHMENT A 

Amended  Schedule 5.4  to Note Purchase Agreement   Subsidiaries of the Company, Ownership of Subsidiary Stock and Similar Equity Interests, and Directors and Senior Officers  

ATTACHMENT B 

Amended  Schedule 5.15  to Note Purchase Agreement   Existing Indebtedness  

ATTACHMENT C 

Schedule 9.5  to Note Purchase Agreement   Reorganization Transaction Steps   Selected Entities  
 
      -i-  

AMENDMENT NO. 2   
  to      NOTE PURCHASE
AGREEMENT     This Amendment No. 2, dated September 30, 2016 (this   Amendment No. 2  ), to the Note Purchase Agreement
(as defined below), is by and among SOUTHWEST GAS CORPORATION, a California corporation (the   Company  ), and the holders of the Notes (as defined below) (the   Noteholders  ).  
  RECITALS:     A. The Company
and each of the Noteholders have heretofore entered into that certain Note Purchase Agreement, dated November 18, 2010, as amended by that certain Amendment No. 1, dated as of March 28, 2014 (as so amended, the     Note Purchase
Agreement    ), providing for the Company to issue $125,000,000 aggregate principal amount of its 6.10% Senior Notes due 2041 (the     Notes    ). The Company has heretofore issued to the Noteholders
$125,000,000 aggregate principal amount of the Notes.    B. The Company and the Noteholders now desire to amend the Note Purchase Agreement
in the respects, but only in the respects, hereinafter set forth.   C. Capitalized terms used herein shall have the respective meanings
ascribed thereto in the Note Purchase Agreement unless herein defined or the context shall otherwise require.    D. All requirements of law
have been fully complied with and all other acts and things necessary to make this Amendment No. 2 a valid, legal and binding instrument according to its terms for the purposes herein expressed have been done or performed.  
  NOW, THEREFORE , upon the full and complete satisfaction of the conditions precedent to the effectiveness of this Amendment No. 2
set forth in Section 3.1 hereof, and in consideration of good and valuable consideration the receipt and sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, the Company and the Noteholders do hereby agree as follows:  

SECTION 1. AMENDMENTS.   
 1.1 Section 5.15(a) of the Note Purchase Agreement shall be and is hereby amended by replacing  September 30, 2010  with
 June 30, 2016 , so that such section, as so amended, shall read in its entirety as follows:    (a) Except as
described therein,  Schedule 5.15  sets forth a complete and correct list of all outstanding Indebtedness of the Company and its Subsidiaries as of June 30, 2016 (including a description of the obligors and obligees, principal amount
outstanding and collateral therefor, if any, and Guaranty thereof, if any), since which date there has been no Material change in the amounts, interest rates, sinking funds, installment payments or maturities of the Indebtedness of the Company or
its Subsidiaries. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary is in default and no waiver of default is currently in effect, in the payment of any principal or interest on any Indebtedness of the Company or such Subsidiary and no event or condition
exists with respect to any Indebtedness of the Company or any Subsidiary that would permit (or that with notice or the lapse of time, or both, would permit) one or more Persons to cause such Indebtedness to become due and payable before its stated
maturity or before its regularly scheduled dates of payment.    1.2 Section 9.5 of the Note Purchase Agreement shall be and is hereby
amended by (i) adding  or organizational  between  corporate  and  existence  in three places and (ii) adding at the end of the first sentence thereof the phrase  ,  provided  that to complete the
Reorganization, the Company may convert from a California corporation to a California limited liability company and then back to a California corporation , so that such section, as so amended, shall read in its entirety as follows:  
  Section 9.5.   Corporate Existence, Etc.  Subject to Section 10.2, the Company will at all times preserve and
keep in full force and effect its corporate or organizational existence,  provided  that to complete the Reorganization, the Company may convert from a California corporation to a California limited liability company and then back to a
California corporation. Subject to Section 10.2, the Company will at all times preserve and keep in full force and effect the corporate or organizational existence of each of its Subsidiaries (unless merged into the Company or a Wholly-Owned
Subsidiary) and all rights and franchises of the Company and its Subsidiaries unless, in the good faith judgment of the Company, the termination of or failure to preserve and keep in full force and effect such corporate or organizational existence,
right or franchise could not, individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect.    1.3 Section 10.4 of the Note Purchase
Agreement shall be and is hereby amended by (i) adding  (i)  between the words  except  and  pursuant  and (ii) adding at the end thereof the phrase  or (ii) as described in the definition of
 Reorganization  , so that so that such section, as so amended, shall read in its entirety as follows:  
  Section 10.4.   Transactions with Affiliates.  The Company will not and will not permit any Subsidiary to enter
into directly or indirectly any transaction or group of  
      -2-  

related transactions (including without limitation the purchase, lease, sale or exchange of properties of any kind or the rendering of any service) with any Affiliate (other than the Company or
another Subsidiary), except (i) pursuant to the reasonable requirements of the Company s or such Subsidiary s business and upon fair and reasonable terms no less favorable to the Company or such Subsidiary than would be obtainable in a
comparable arm s-length transaction with a Person not an Affiliate or (ii) as described in the definition of  Reorganization .  
 1.4 The definition of  Change in Control  in  Schedule B  of the Note Purchase Agreement shall be and is hereby amended to read
in its entirety as follows:      Change in Control   means the occurrence of any of the following conditions:
(a) from and after the completion of the Reorganization, the Holding Company shall fail to own all of the issued and outstanding capital stock of the Intermediate Holding Company, (b) from and after the completion of the Reorganization, the
Intermediate Holding Company shall fail to own all of the issued and outstanding capital stock of the Company, (c) (i) prior to the completion of the Reorganization, any Person or group of associated Persons acting in concert shall have acquired an
aggregate of more than 50% of the outstanding shares of voting stock of the Company (other than any transactions necessary for completion of the Reorganization), and (ii) from and after the completion of the Reorganization, any Person or group
of associated Persons acting in concert shall have acquired an aggregate of more than 50% of the outstanding shares of voting stock of the Holding Company, or (d) individuals who constitute the board of directors of the Company on the Amendment No.
2 Effective Date or the Holding Company or the Intermediate Holding Company on the date of the completion of the Reorganization (each, an   Incumbent Board  ) cease for any reason to constitute at least a majority thereof,
 provided  that any person becoming a director subsequent to the Amendment No. 2 Effective Date, in the case of the Company, or the date of the completion of the Reorganization, in the case of the Holding Company and the Intermediate
Holding Company, whose election, or nomination for election by the Company s, the Holding Company s or the Intermediate Holding Company s shareholders, as the case may be, was approved by a vote of a majority of the directors
comprising the applicable Incumbent Board (either by a specific vote or by approval of the proxy statement of the Company, the Holding Company or the Intermediate Holding Company, as the case may be, in which such person is named as a nominee for
director, without objection to such nomination) shall be, for purposes of this clause (d), considered as though such person were a member of such Incumbent Board.  
      -3-  

1.5 The Note Purchase Agreement shall be and is hereby amended by adding the following new
definitions in alphabetical order to  Schedule B  to the Note Purchase Agreement:      Amendment No. 2 Effective
Date   means September 30, 2016.      Holding Company   means Holdco (as defined in the definition of
 Reorganization ).      Intermediate Holding Company   means Intermediate Holdco (as defined in the
definition of  Reorganization ).      Reorganization   has the meaning assigned to such term in the
Form 8-K filed by the Company with the SEC on October 13, 2015. To effect the Reorganization, the Company will form a new direct, wholly owned subsidiary (  Holdco  ), which in turn will form a new direct, wholly owned subsidiary
(  Merger Sub  ). Both Holdco and Merger Sub will be California corporations. The Reorganization would be effected (i) through the merger of the Company and Merger Sub whereby the Company would be the surviving corporation (the
  Surviving Company  ) and a subsidiary of Holdco, (ii) the Surviving Company converting from a California corporation into a California limited liability company to be called SWG LLC, (iii) SWG LLC distributing to Holdco all issued
and outstanding capital stock of its subsidiary, Carson Water Company, (iv) Holdco contributing all of the membership interests of SWG LLC to its subsidiary, an intermediate holding company, a California corporation (  Intermediate
Holdco  ), and (v) SWG LLC converting from a California limited liability company back into a California corporation to be called Southwest Gas Corporation, all as further described and depicted in  Schedule 9.5 .  
 1.6  Schedule 5.4  to the Note Purchase Agreement shall be and is hereby amended to read in its entirety as set forth in
 Attachment A  to this Amendment No. 2.    1.7  Schedule 5.15  to the Note Purchase Agreement shall be and is hereby amended
to read in its entirety as set forth in  Attachment B  to this Amendment No. 2.    1.8 The Note Purchase Agreement shall be and is
hereby amended by adding a new  Schedule 9.5  in the form attached to this Amendment No. 2 as  Attachment C .     SECTION 2.
REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE COMPANY.    2.1 To induce the Noteholders to execute and deliver this Amendment No. 2 (which
representations shall survive the execution and delivery of this Amendment No. 2), the Company represents and warrants to the Noteholders that:  
 (a) This Amendment No. 2 has been duly authorized by all necessary corporate action on the part of the Company, and this
Amendment No. 2 constitutes a legal, valid and binding obligation of the Company enforceable against the Company in accordance with its terms, except as such enforceability may be limited by (i) applicable  
      -4-  

bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or other similar laws affecting the enforcement of creditors  rights generally and (ii) general principles of equity (regardless of whether
such enforceability is considered in a proceeding in equity or at law).    (b) The Note Purchase Agreement, as amended by
this Amendment No. 2, constitutes a legal, valid and binding obligation of the Company enforceable against the Company in accordance with its terms, except as such enforceability may be limited by (i) applicable bankruptcy, insolvency,
reorganization, moratorium or other similar laws affecting the enforcement of creditors  rights generally and (ii) general principles of equity (regardless of whether such enforceability is considered in a proceeding in equity or at law).  
 (c) The execution, delivery and performance by the Company of this Amendment No. 2 will not (i) contravene, result in any
breach of, or constitute a default under, or result in the creation of any Lien in respect of any property of the Company or any Subsidiary under, any indenture, mortgage, deed of trust, loan, purchase or credit agreement, lease, corporate charter
or by-laws, or any other agreement or instrument to which the Company or any Subsidiary is bound or by which the Company or any Subsidiary or any of their respective properties may be bound or affected, (ii) conflict with or result in a breach of
any of the terms, conditions or provisions of any order, judgment, decree, or ruling of any court, arbitrator or Governmental Authority applicable to the Company or any Subsidiary or (iii) violate any provision of any statute or other rule or
regulation of any Governmental Authority applicable to the Company or any Subsidiary.    (d) No consent, approval or
authorization of, or registration, filing or declaration with, any Governmental Authority is required in connection with the execution, delivery or performance by the Company of this Amendment No. 2.  
 (e) As of the date hereof and after giving effect to this Amendment No. 2, no Default or Event of Default has occurred which is
continuing.    (f) All the representations and warranties made by the Company in the Note Purchase Agreement (assuming the
effectiveness of this Amendment No. 2) are true and correct in all material respects, except that such materiality qualifier shall not be applicable to any representations and warranties that already are qualified or modified by materiality in the
text thereof, with the same force and effect as if made by the Company on and as of the date hereof, except to the extent that any such representations and warranties expressly relate by their terms to a prior date, in which case, such
representations and warranties shall be true and correct in all material respects as of such prior date.     SECTION 3. CONDITIONS TO EFFECTIVENESS OF
THIS AMENDMENT NO. 2.    3.1 This Amendment No. 2 shall not become effective until, and shall become effective when, each and every one of
the following conditions shall have been satisfied:  
      -5-  

(a) Executed counterparts of this Amendment No. 2, duly executed by the Company
and the Noteholders, shall have been delivered to the Noteholders.    (b) The representations and warranties of the Company
set forth in Section 2.1 hereof are true and correct in all material respects.    (c) The Noteholders shall have received
such other documents, instruments, and/or agreements as they shall have reasonably requested.    (d) The Company shall have
paid the reasonable fees and expenses of Day Pitney LLP, counsel to the Noteholders, in connection with the negotiation, preparation, approval, execution and delivery of this Amendment No. 2.  
  SECTION 4. MISCELLANEOUS.    4.1 This
Amendment No. 2 shall be construed in connection with and as part of the Note Purchase Agreement, and except as modified and expressly amended by this Amendment No. 2, all terms, conditions and covenants contained in the Note Purchase Agreement and
the Notes are hereby ratified and shall be and remain in full force and effect.    4.2 Any and all notices, requests, certificates and other
instruments executed and delivered after the execution and delivery of this Amendment No. 2 may refer to the Note Purchase Agreement without making specific reference to this Amendment No. 2 but nevertheless all such references shall include this
Amendment No. 2 unless the context otherwise requires.    4.3 The descriptive headings of the various Sections or parts of this Amendment
No. 2 are for convenience only and shall not affect the meaning or construction of any of the provisions hereof.    4.4 This Amendment No. 2
shall be construed and enforced in accordance with, and the rights of the parties shall be governed by, the law of the State of New York excluding choice of law principles of the law of such State that would permit the application of the laws of a
jurisdiction other than such State.    4.5 This Amendment No. 2 may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall be an
original but all of which together shall constitute one instrument. Each counterpart may consist of a number of copies hereof, each signed by less than all, but together signed by all, of the parties hereto. Delivery of an executed
counterpart of a signature page of this Amendment No. 2 by facsimile or other electronic means shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this Amendment No. 2.  
  [Remainder of page intentionally left blank; signature pages follow]   
      -6-  

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Amendment No. 2 as of the date first written
above.       

SOUTHWEST GAS CORPORATION   

By: 
   
   /s/ Kenneth J. Kenny   
 
 Name: 
   
 Kenneth J. Kenny  
 
 Title: 
   
 Vice President/Finance/Treasurer  

-S-1-  
 Signature Page to Amendment No. 2 to  
 Note Purchase Agreement  

ACCEPTED AND AGREED TO:   

METROPOLITAN LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY  
 as Noteholder   

METLIFE INSURANCE COMPANY USA (formerly known as MetLife Insurance Company of Connecticut)  
 as Noteholder   
 
 By: 
   
 Metropolitan Life Insurance Company, its Investment Manager  

By: 
   
   /s/ John Wills   

Name: 
   
 John Wills  

Title: 
   
 Managing Director  

ACCEPTED AND AGREED TO:   

UNION FIDELITY LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY  
 as Noteholder   
 
 By: 
   
 MetLife Investment Advisors Company LLC, its Investment Manager  

By: 
   
   /s/ John Wills   

Name: 
   
 John Wills  

Title: 
   
 Managing Director  
 
      -S-2-  
 Signature Page to Amendment No. 2 to  
 Note Purchase Agreement  

ACCEPTED AND AGREED TO:   

JOHN HANCOCK LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY (U.S.A.)    
   as Noteholder   

By: 
   
   /s/ Recep C. Kendircioglu   

Name: 
   
 Recep C. Kendircioglu  

Title: 
   
 Senior Managing Director  

ACCEPTED AND AGREED TO:   

JOHN HANCOCK LIFE   HEALTH INSURANCE COMPANY  
 as Noteholder   

By: 
   
   /s/ Recep C. Kendircioglu   

Name: 
   
 Recep C. Kendircioglu  

Title: 
   
 Senior Managing Director  
 
      -S-3-  
 Signature Page to Amendment No. 2 to  
 Note Purchase Agreement  

ATTACHMENT A    
   to AMENDMENT NO. 2    
   SCHEDULE 5.4    
  SUBSIDIARIES OF THE COMPANY, OWNERSHIP OF SUBSIDIARY STOCK     
   AND SIMILAR EQUITY INTERESTS, AND DIRECTORS AND SENIOR OFFICERS    
 (i)  SUBSIDIARIES       

Name of Subsidiary  
    
   Jurisdiction of 
 Organization  
    
   Equity Ownership 
 (100% unless otherwise indicated)   

Paiute Pipeline Company 
    
 Nevada 
    
 Southwest Gas Corporation - Common Stock  
 
 NPL Construction Co. 
    
 Nevada 
    
 Vistus Construction Group, Inc. - Common Stock  
 
 Southwest Administrators, Inc. 
    
 Nevada 
    
 NPL Construction Co. - Common Stock  
 
 IntelliChoice Energy LLC 
    
 Delaware 
    
 NPL Construction Co. - Membership Interest (65%)  
 
 IntelliChoice Energy of California LLC 
    
 Delaware 
    
 IntelliChoice Energy LLC - Membership Interest  
 
 Southwest Gas Transmission Company 
    
 Arizona 
    
   Limited Partnership between Southwest Gas 
 Corporation (99% - Limited Partner) and Utility 
 Financial Corp. (1% - General Partner)   
 
 Southwest Gas Capital III 
    
 Delaware 
    
 Southwest Gas Corporation (Depositor) - No outstanding Trust Securities  
 
 Southwest Gas Capital IV 
    
 Delaware 
    
 Southwest Gas Corporation (Depositor) - No outstanding Trust Securities  
 
 Utility Financial Corp. 
    
 Nevada 
    
 Southwest Gas Corporation - Common Stock  
 
 The Southwest Companies 
    
 Nevada 
    
 Southwest Gas Corporation - Common Stock  
 
 Carson Water Company 
    
 Nevada 
    
 Southwest Gas Corporation - Common Stock  
 
 Centuri Construction Group, Inc. 
    
 Nevada 
    
 Carson Water Company - Common Stock (96.6%)  
 
 Vistus Construction Group, Inc. 
    
 Nevada 
    
 Centuri Construction Group, Inc. - Common Stock  
 
 Brigadier Pipelines, Inc. 
    
 Nevada 
    
 Vistus Construction Group, Inc. - Common Stock  
 
 Canyon Pipeline Construction, Inc. 
    
 Nevada 
    
 Vistus Construction Group, Inc. - Common stock  
 
 Lynxus Construction Group Inc. 
    
 Ontario, Canada 
    
 Centuri Construction Group, Inc. - Common Stock  
 
 NPL Canada LTD. 
    
 Ontario, Canada 
    
 Lynxus Construction Group Inc. - Common Stock  
 
 2018429 Ontario LTD. 
    
 Ontario, Canada 
    
 Lynxus Construction Group Inc. - Common Stock  
 
 W.S. Nicholls Construction Inc. 
    
 Ontario, Canada 
    
 Ontario LTD. - Common Stock  
 
 W.S. Nicholls Industries Inc. 
    
 Ontario, Canada 
    
 Ontario LTD. - Common Stock  
   (ii)  AFFILIATES (other than Subsidiaries)   
 None  
      -Schedule 5.4-1-  

(iii)  BOARD OF DIRECTORS OF SOUTHWEST GAS CORPORATION   
 Robert L. Boughner    Jos  A. C rdenas  
 Thomas E. Chestnut    Stephen C. Comer  
 LeRoy C. Hanneman, Jr.    John P. Hester  
 Anne L. Mariucci    Michael J. Melarkey  
 A. Randall Thoman    Thomas A. Thomas  
 Terrence L.  Terry  Wright    (iv)  OFFICERS OF
SOUTHWEST GAS CORPORATION       

President and Chief Executive Officer  
    
 John P. Hester  
 
   Senior Vice President/Chief Financial Officer  
    
 Roy R. Centrella  
 
   Senior Vice President/Operations  
    
 Eric DeBonis  
 
   Senior Vice President/General Counsel and Corporate Secretary  
    
 Karen S. Haller  
 
   Senior Vice President/Staff Operations and Technology  
    
 Anita M. Romero  
 
   Vice President/Human Resources  
    
 Sharon W. Braddy-McKoy  
 
   Vice President/Regulation and Public Affairs  
    
 Justin L. Brown  
 
   Vice President/Energy Solutions  
    
 Joe L. Esparza, Jr.  
 
   Vice President/Central Arizona Division  
    
 Luis F. Frisby  
 
   Vice President/Gas Resources  
    
 Randall P. Gabe  
 
   Vice President/Northern Nevada Division  
    
 Bradford T. Harris  
 
   Vice President/Finance/Treasurer  
    
 Kenneth J. Kenny  
 
   Vice President/Controller/Chief Accounting Officer  
    
 Gregory J. Peterson  
 
   Vice President/Engineering  
    
 Jerome T. Schmitz  
 
   Vice President/Southern Nevada Division  
    
 Christopher W. Sohus  
 
   Vice President/Risk Management and Compliance Officer  
    
 Frank J. Stanbrough  
 
   Vice President/Southern Arizona Division  
    
 Julie M. Williams  
   (v)  SUBSIDIARIES OF THE COMPANY SUBJECT TO LEGAL, REGULATORY, CONTRACTUAL OR OTHER RESTRICTIONS ON PAYMENT OF DIVIDENDS OR
DISTRIBUTIONS     Centuri Construction Group, Inc. ( Centuri )   Centuri and its subsidiaries are not subject to any direct restrictions on
their ability to pay dividends out of profits or make any other similar distributions of profits to the Company; however, certain financial covenants contained in Centuri s Credit Agreement, dated October 1, 2014, could have the effect of
limiting Centuri s ability to pay dividends out of profits or make any other similar distributions of profits to the Company. Further, because 3.4% of Centuri s equity interests are held by third parties, 3.4% of any dividend or
distribution declared by Centuri would be payable to such third parties.  
      -Schedule 5.4-2-  

ATTACHMENT B    
   to AMENDMENT NO. 2    
   SCHEDULE 5.15    
   EXISTING INDEBTEDNESS    
   AS OF JUNE 30, 2016    
   $ USD        
 
      -Schedule 5.15-1-  

(3) 
 $50 million uncommitted F-2 commercial paper program, supported by the revolving credit facility.    

(6) 
 Centuri has a $300 million secured revolving credit and term loan facility that is scheduled to expire October 2019. The term loan facility portion had an initial limit of approximately $150 million, which was reached
in 2014 and is in the process of being repaid. No further borrowing is permitted under this portion of the facility. The secured revolving credit facility portion also has a limit of $150 million; amounts borrowed and repaid under this portion of
the facility are available to be re-borrowed.    

(7) 
 All assets of the borrower(s) excluding assets pledged to secure other debt. Lynxus Construction Group Inc. and Vistus Construction Group, Inc. are guarantors/co-borrowers.    

(8) 
 Company equipment pledged as collateral.    

(9) 
 Pledged collateral is the Glen Harbor building in Glendale, AZ.    
      -Schedule 5.15-2-  

ATTACHMENT C    
   to AMENDMENT NO. 2    
  [ ATTACHED ]   

</EX-4.02>

<EX-12.01>
 3
 d256766dex1201.htm
 EX-12.01

EX-12.01 

Exhibit 12.01   
  SOUTHWEST GAS CORPORATION   
  COMPUTATION OF RATIOS OF EARNINGS TO FIXED CHARGES   
  (Thousands of dollars)       

</EX-12.01>

<EX-31.01>
 4
 d256766dex3101.htm
 EX-31.01

EX-31.01 

Exhibit 31.01   
  Certification     I, John P. Hester, certify
that:      

1. 
 I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Southwest Gas Corporation;        

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such
statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;        

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the
registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;        

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control
over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:        

(a) 
 designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its
consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;        

(b) 
 designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of
financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;        

(c) 
 evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of
the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and        

(d) 
 disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter
in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and    

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the
registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):        

(a) 
 all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record,
process, summarize and report financial information; and        

(b) 
 any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.    
 Date:  November 8, 2016        

/s/ JOHN P. HESTER   
 
   John P. Hester   President and Chief Executive
Officer   
 
 Southwest Gas Corporation  

Certification   
 I, Roy R. Centrella, certify that:      

1. 
 I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Southwest Gas Corporation;        

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such
statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;        

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the
registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;        

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control
over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:        

(a) 
 designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its
consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;        

(b) 
 designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of
financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;        

(c) 
 evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of
the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and        

(d) 
 disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter
in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and    

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the
registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):        

(a) 
 all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record,
process, summarize and report financial information; and        

(b) 
 any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.    
 Date:  November 8, 2016        

/s/ ROY R. CENTRELLA   
 
   Roy R. Centrella   Senior Vice President/Chief
Financial Officer   
 
   Southwest Gas Corporation   

</EX-31.01>

<EX-32.01>
 5
 d256766dex3201.htm
 EX-32.01

EX-32.01 

Exhibit 32.01  
 SOUTHWEST GAS CORPORATION  
  CERTIFICATION     In connection with the
periodic report of Southwest Gas Corporation (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2016, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the  Report ), I, John P. Hester, the President and
Chief Executive Officer of the Company, hereby certify as of the date hereof, solely for purposes of Title 18, Chapter 63, Section 1350 of the United States Code, that to the best of my knowledge:  

(1) 
 the Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and    

(2) 
 the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company at the dates and for the periods indicated.    
 This Certification has not been, and shall not be deemed,  filed  with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  
 Dated: November 8, 2016       

/s/ John P. Hester   
 
   John P. Hester    
 President and Chief Executive Officer   

SOUTHWEST GAS CORPORATION  
  CERTIFICATION     In connection with the
periodic report of Southwest Gas Corporation (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2016, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the  Report ), I, Roy R. Centrella, Senior Vice
President/Chief Financial Officer of the Company, hereby certify as of the date hereof, solely for purposes of Title 18, Chapter 63, Section 1350 of the United States Code, that to the best of my knowledge:  

(1) 
 the Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and    

(2) 
 the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company at the dates and for the periods indicated.    
 This Certification has not been, and shall not be deemed,  filed  with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  
 Dated: November 8, 2016       

/s/ Roy R. Centrella   
 
 Roy R. Centrella  
 
 Senior Vice President/Chief Financial Officer  

</EX-32.01>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 swx-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 swx-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 swx-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 swx-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 swx-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 swx-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

