<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161027_10-Q_edgar_data_21344_0000021344-16-000076_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>13352012</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>308516</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>777968</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>4345875</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>5867930</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1822148</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>75</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000021344-16-000076.hdr.sgml : 20161027
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161027131954
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000021344-16-000076
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		76
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161027
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161027

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			COCA COLA CO
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000021344
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BEVERAGES [2080]
		IRS NUMBER:				580628465
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-02217
		FILM NUMBER:		161954850

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		ONE COCA COLA PLAZA
		CITY:			ATLANTA
		STATE:			GA
		ZIP:			30313
		BUSINESS PHONE:		404-676-2121

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		ONE COCA COLA PLAZA
		CITY:			ATLANTA
		STATE:			GA
		ZIP:			30313

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000021344-16-000076.txt : 20161027

10-Q
 1
 a2016093010-q.htm
 10-Q

Document 

UNITED STATES 
  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
  WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 
  FORM 10-Q 
      QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
  For the quarterly period ended   September 30, 2016 
  OR 
      TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
  For the transition period from                                    to                                      
  Commission File No. 001-02217 
  
  (Exact name of Registrant as specified in its Charter) 
                   Delaware 
  (State or other jurisdiction of 
  incorporation or organization) 
      
    58-0628465 
  (IRS Employer 
  Identification No.) 
      One Coca-Cola Plaza 
  Atlanta, Georgia 
  (Address of principal executive offices) 
      
    30313 
  (Zip Code) 

Registrant's telephone number, including area code:     (404) 676-2121 
  Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes          No   o 
  Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (  232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes          No   o 
  Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of "large accelerated filer," "accelerated filer" and "smaller reporting company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.                       
    Large accelerated filer     
                     
    Accelerated filer   o 
        
    Non-accelerated filer   o 
  (Do not check if a smaller reporting company) 
                     
    Smaller reporting company   o 

Indicate by check mark if the Registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes   o      No     
  Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the issuer's classes of common stock as of the latest practicable date.   

THE COCA-COLA COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  Table of Contents 

Page Number 
        
     Forward-Looking Statements  
    1 

Part I. Financial Information  

Item 1. 
     Financial Statements (Unaudited)  
    2 

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income    Three    and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and October 2, 2015 
    2 

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income       Three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and October 2, 2015 
    3 

Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets       September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 
    4 

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows       Nine months ended September 30, 2016 and October 2, 2015 
    5 

Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements  
    6 

Item 2. 
     Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  
    42 

Item 3. 
     Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk  
    66 

Item 4. 
     Controls and Procedures  
    66 

Part II. Other Information  

Item 1. 
     Legal Proceedings  
    66 

Item 1A. 
     Risk Factors  
    67 

Item 2. 
     Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds  
    67 

Item 6. 
     Exhibits  
    67 

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
  This report contains information that may constitute "forward-looking statements." Generally, the words "believe," "expect," "intend," "estimate," "anticipate," "project," "will" and similar expressions identify forward-looking statements, which generally are not historical in nature. However, the absence of these words or similar expressions does not mean that a statement is not forward-looking. All statements that address operating performance, events or developments that we expect or anticipate will occur in the future   including statements relating to volume growth, share of sales and earnings per share growth, and statements expressing general views about future operating results   are forward-looking statements. Management believes that these forward-looking statements are reasonable as and when made. However, caution should be taken not to place undue reliance on any such forward-looking statements because such statements speak only as of the date when made. Our Company undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by law. In addition, forward-looking statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from our Company's historical experience and our present expectations or projections. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, those described in Part II, "Item 1A. Risk Factors" and elsewhere in this report and in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015  , and those described from time to time in our future reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 
  
   1 

Part I. Financial Information 
   
  Item 1.  Financial Statements (Unaudited) 
   
  THE COCA-COLA COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME 
  (UNAUDITED) 
  (In millions except per share data) 

1    Calculated based on net income attributable to shareowners of The Coca-Cola Company. 
  Refer to Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
  
   2 

THE COCA-COLA COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
  (UNAUDITED) 
  (In millions) 

Refer to Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
  
   3 

THE COCA-COLA COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
  (UNAUDITED) 
  (In millions except par value) 

Refer to Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
  
   4 

THE COCA-COLA COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
  (UNAUDITED) 
  (In millions) 

Refer to Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 

5 

THE COCA-COLA COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
  (UNAUDITED) 
   
  NOTE 1  :   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES 
  Basis of Presentation 
  The accompanying unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States ("U.S. GAAP") for interim financial information and with the instructions to Form 10-Q and Rule 10-01 of Regulation S-X. They do not include all information and notes required by generally accepted accounting principles for complete financial statements. However, except as disclosed herein, there has been no material change in the information disclosed in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in the Annual Report on Form 10-K of The Coca-Cola Company for the year ended   December 31, 2015  . 
  When used in these notes, the terms "The Coca-Cola Company," "Company," "we," "us" or "our" mean The Coca-Cola Company and all entities included in our condensed consolidated financial statements. In the opinion of management, all adjustments (including normal recurring accruals) considered necessary for a fair presentation have been included. Operating results for the   three and nine months ended     September 30, 2016   are not necessarily indicative of the results that may be expected for the year ending   December 31, 2016  . Sales of our nonalcoholic ready-to-drink beverages are somewhat seasonal, with the second and third calendar quarters accounting for the highest sales volumes. The volume of sales in the beverage business may be affected by weather conditions. 
  Each of our interim reporting periods, other than the fourth interim reporting period, ends on the Friday closest to the last day of the corresponding quarterly calendar period. The   third quarter   of   2016   and   2015   ended on   September 30, 2016   and   October 2, 2015  , respectively. Our fourth interim reporting period and our fiscal year end on December 31 regardless of the day of the week on which December 31 falls. 
  Effective January 1, 2016, we transferred Coca-Cola Refreshments' ("CCR") bottling and associated supply chain operations in the United States and Canada from our North America segment to our Bottling Investments segment. Additionally, effective August 1, 2016, the Company formed a new Europe, Middle East and Africa operating group consisting of the business units that were previously included in the Europe and the Eurasia and Africa operating groups. As a result, our organizational structure consists of the following operating segments: Europe, Middle East and Africa; Latin America; North America; Asia Pacific; Bottling Investments; and Corporate. Accordingly, all prior period segment information presented herein has been revised to reflect these changes in our organizational structure. 
  Advertising Costs 
  The Company's accounting policy related to advertising costs for annual reporting purposes, as disclosed in Note 1 of our   2015   Annual Report on Form 10-K, is to expense production costs of print, radio, television and other advertisements as of the first date the advertisements take place. All other marketing expenditures are expensed in the annual period in which the expenditure is incurred. 
  For interim reporting purposes, we allocate our estimated full year marketing expenditures that benefit multiple interim periods to each of our interim reporting periods. We use the proportion of each interim period's actual unit case volume to the estimated full year unit case volume as the basis for the allocation. This methodology results in our marketing expenditures being recognized at a standard rate per unit case. At the end of each interim reporting period, we review our estimated full year unit case volume and our estimated full year marketing expenditures that benefit multiple interim periods in order to evaluate if a change in estimate is necessary. The impact of any changes in these full year estimates is recognized in the interim period in which the change in estimate occurs. Our full year marketing expenditures are not impacted by this interim accounting policy. 
  Hyperinflationary Economies 
  A hyperinflationary economy is one that has cumulative inflation of   100 percent   or more over a three-year period. In accordance with U.S. GAAP, local subsidiaries in hyperinflationary economies are required to use the U.S. dollar as their functional currency and remeasure the monetary assets and liabilities not denominated in U.S. dollars using the rate applicable to conversion of a currency for purposes of dividend remittances. All exchange gains and losses resulting from remeasurement are recognized currently in income. 
  
   6 

Venezuela has been designated as a hyperinflationary economy. In February 2015, the Venezuelan government announced that the two previously used currency conversion mechanisms had been merged into a single mechanism called SICAD and introduced a new open market exchange rate system, SIMADI. Management determined that the SIMADI rate was the most appropriate legally available rate and remeasured the net monetary assets of our Venezuelan subsidiary, resulting in a charge of   $27 million   recorded in the line item other income (loss)   net in our condensed consolidated statement of income during the   nine months ended October 2, 2015  . 
  During the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , the Venezuelan government devalued its currency and changed its official and most preferential exchange rate, which should be used for purchases of certain essential goods, to   10   bolivars per U.S. dollar from   6.3  . The official and most preferential rate is now known as DIPRO and the SICAD rate has been eliminated. The Venezuelan government also announced that the SIMADI rate would be replaced by the DICOM rate, which will be allowed to float freely and is expected to fluctuate based on supply and demand. As a result, management determined that the DICOM rate was the most appropriate legally available rate to remeasure the net monetary assets of our Venezuelan subsidiary.  
  In addition to the foreign currency exchange exposure related to our Venezuelan subsidiary's net monetary assets, we also sell concentrate to our bottling partner in Venezuela from outside the country. These sales are denominated in U.S. dollars. As a result of the continued lack of liquidity and our revised assessment of the U.S. dollar value we expected to realize upon the conversion of Venezuelan bolivars into U.S. dollars by our bottling partner to pay our concentrate sales receivables, we recorded a write-down of   $76 million   during the   three and nine months ended     September 30, 2016  . We recorded a write-down of   $56 million   during the   nine months ended October 2, 2015  . These write-downs were recorded in the line item other operating charges in our condensed consolidated statements of income. 
  We also have certain U.S. dollar denominated intangible assets associated with products sold in Venezuela. As a result of the Company's revised expectations regarding the convertibility of the local currency, we recognized impairment charges of   $3 million   and   $55 million   during the   three and nine months ended October 2, 2015  , respectively, recorded in the line item other operating charges in our condensed consolidated statements of income. 
  As of   September 30, 2016  , the combined carrying value of the net monetary assets of our Venezuelan subsidiary, the receivables from our bottling partner in Venezuela and the intangible assets associated with products sold in Venezuela was   $88 million  . Despite the additional currency conversion mechanisms, the Company's ability to pay dividends from Venezuela is still restricted due to the low volume of U.S. dollars available for conversion. As a result of the newly announced floating DICOM rate, the Company expects to continue to record losses on foreign currency exchange, may incur additional write-downs of receivables or impairment charges and will continue to record our proportionate share of any charges recorded by our equity method investee that has operations in Venezuela. 
  Recently Issued Accounting Guidance 
  In May 2014, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ("FASB") issued Accounting Standards Update ("ASU") 2014-09,   Revenue from Contracts with Customers  , which will replace most existing revenue recognition guidance in U.S. GAAP and is intended to improve and converge with international standards the financial reporting requirements for revenue from contracts with customers. The core principle of ASU 2014-09 is that an entity should recognize revenue for the transfer of goods or services equal to the amount that it expects to be entitled to receive for those goods or services. ASU 2014-09 also requires additional disclosures about the nature, timing and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows arising from customer contracts, including significant judgments and changes in judgments. ASU 2014-09 allows for both retrospective and prospective methods of adoption and will be effective for the Company beginning January 1, 2018. In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-08,   Revenue from Contracts with Customers: Principal versus Agent Considerations (Reporting Revenue Gross versus Net)  , which clarifies the guidance in ASU 2014-09 and has the same effective date as the original standard. During the three months ended July 1, 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-10,   Revenue from Contracts with Customers: Identifying Performance Obligations and Licensing;   ASU 2016-11,   Rescission of SEC Guidance Because of Accounting Standards Updates 2014-09 and 2014-16 Pursuant to Staff Announcements at the March 3, 2016 EITF Meeting;   and ASU 2016-12,   Revenue from Contracts with Customers: Narrow-Scope Improvements and Practical Expedients.   These amendments are intended to improve and clarify the implementation guidance of ASU 2014-09 and have the same effective date as the original standard.     The Company is currently evaluating the impact that the adoption of these standards will have on our consolidated financial statements. 
  In April 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-03,   Simplifying the Presentation of Debt Issuance Costs  , which requires that debt issuance costs related to a recognized debt liability be presented in the balance sheet as a direct deduction from the carrying amount of that debt liability. The standard was retrospectively adopted by the Company on January 1, 2016. As a result,   $96 million   and   $1 million   of debt issuance costs at December 31, 2015, were reclassified to long-term debt and current maturities of long-term debt, respectively, from other assets. 
  
   7 

In November 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-17,   Income Taxes: Balance Sheet Classification of Deferred Taxes  . The amendments in this update simplify the presentation of deferred income taxes and require that deferred tax liabilities and assets be classified as noncurrent in a consolidated statement of financial position. These amendments may be applied either prospectively to all deferred tax liabilities and assets or retrospectively to all periods presented. The amendments will be effective for the Company beginning January 1, 2017. Earlier application is permitted for all entities as of the beginning of an interim or annual reporting period. 
  In January 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-01,   Financial Instruments   Overall: Recognition and Measurement of Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities  , which addresses certain aspects of the recognition, measurement, presentation and disclosure of financial instruments. The amendment will be effective for the Company beginning January 1, 2018 and will require us to recognize any changes in the fair value of certain equity investments in net income. These changes are currently recognized in other comprehensive income ("OCI"). 
  In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-02,   Leases  , which requires lessees to recognize on the balance sheet a right-of-use asset, representing their right to use the underlying asset for the lease term, and a lease liability for all leases with terms greater than 12 months. The guidance also requires qualitative and quantitative disclosures designed to assess the amount, timing and uncertainty of cash flows arising from leases. The standard requires the use of a modified retrospective transition approach, which includes a number of optional practical expedients that entities may elect to apply. ASU 2016-02 is effective for the Company beginning January 1, 2019 and we are currently evaluating the impact that ASU 2016-02 will have on our consolidated financial statements. 
  In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-09,   Compensation   Stock Compensation: Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting  .     The standard is intended to simplify several areas of accounting for share-based compensation arrangements, including the income tax impact, classification on the statement of cash flows and forfeitures. ASU 2016-09 is effective for the Company beginning January 1, 2017 and will require us to recognize excess tax benefits and tax deficiencies in the consolidated income statement when the awards vest or are settled. These changes are currently recognized in capital surplus in our consolidated balance sheet. Additionally, the guidance requires excess tax benefits to be presented as an operating activity in the statement of cash flows rather than as a financing activity. 
  In June 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-13,   Financial Instruments   Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments  , which requires measurement and recognition of expected credit losses for financial assets held. ASU 2016-13 is effective for the Company beginning January 1, 2020 and we are currently evaluating the impact that ASU 2016-13 will have on our consolidated financial statements. 
  In August 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-15,   Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments  , which addresses eight specific cash flow issues with the objective of reducing the existing diversity in practice. ASU 2016-15 is effective for the Company beginning January 1, 2018 and we are currently evaluating the impact that ASU 2016-15 will have on our consolidated financial statements. 
   
  NOTE 2  :   ACQUISITIONS AND DIVESTITURES 
  Acquisitions 
  During the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016  , our Company's acquisitions of businesses, equity method investments and nonmarketable securities totaled $  767 million  , which primarily related to our acquisition of Xiamen Culiangwang Beverage Technology Co., Ltd. ("China Green"), a maker of plant-based protein beverages in China, and a minority investment in CHI Limited ("CHI"), a Nigerian producer of value-added dairy and juice beverages, which is accounted for under the equity method of accounting. Under the terms of the agreement for our investment in CHI, the Company is obligated to acquire the remaining ownership interest from the existing shareowners in 2019 based on an agreed-upon formula. 
  During the   nine months ended     October 2, 2015  , our Company's acquisitions of businesses, equity method investments and nonmarketable securities totaled $  2,489 million  , which primarily related to our strategic partnership with Monster Beverage Corporation ("Monster") and an investment in a bottling partner in Indonesia that is accounted for under the equity method of accounting. The bottling partner in Indonesia is a subsidiary of Coca-Cola Amatil Limited, an equity method investee. We also acquired the remaining outstanding shares of a bottling partner in South Africa ("South African bottler"), which was previously accounted for as an equity method investment. We remeasured our previously held equity interest in the South African bottler to fair value upon the close of the transaction and recorded a loss on the remeasurement of   $19 million   during the   nine months ended     October 2, 2015  . This bottler was deconsolidated in conjunction with the Coca-Cola Beverages Africa Limited transaction discussed further below. 
  
   8 

Monster Beverage Corporation 
  On August 14, 2014, the Company and Monster entered into definitive agreements for a long-term strategic relationship in the global energy drink category. The transaction contemplated under these agreements ("Monster Transaction") closed on June 12, 2015. As a result of the Monster Transaction, (1) the Company purchased newly issued shares of Monster common stock representing approximately   17 percent   of the outstanding shares of Monster common stock (after giving effect to the new issuance); (2) the Company sold its global energy drink business (including NOS, Full Throttle, Burn, Mother, Play and Power Play, and Relentless) to Monster, and the Company acquired Monster's non-energy drink business (including Hansen's Natural Sodas, Peace Tea, Hubert's Lemonade and Hansen's Juice Products); and (3) the parties amended their distribution coordination agreements to expand distribution of Monster products into additional territories pursuant to long-term agreements with the Company's existing network of Company-owned or -controlled bottling operations and distribution partners. The Coca-Cola system also became Monster's preferred global distribution partner. The Company made a net cash payment of   $2,150 million   to Monster, of which   $125 million   was being held in escrow, subject to release upon achievement of milestones relating to the transfer of Monster's distribution rights to our distribution network. The escrow was released in June 2016 upon the expiration of the escrow term as certain milestones relating to the transfer of Monster's domestic distribution rights to our distribution network had not been achieved. However, due to the probability that these milestones will be achieved at a future date, the Company has accrued   $125 million   related to these future payments to Monster. 
  The Monster Transaction consisted of multiple elements including the purchase of common stock, the acquisition and divestiture of businesses and the expansion of distribution territories. When consideration transferred is not solely in the form of cash, measurement is based on either the cost to the acquiring entity (the fair value of the assets given) or the fair value of the assets acquired, whichever is more clearly evident and, thus, more reliably measurable. As the majority of the consideration transferred was cash, we believe the fair value of the consideration transferred is more reliably measurable. The consideration transferred consisted of   $2,150 million   of cash (including   $125 million   initially held in escrow) and the fair value of our global energy business of   $2,046 million  , which we determined using discounted cash flow analyses, resulting in total consideration transferred of   $4,196 million  . As such, we have allocated the total consideration transferred to the individual assets and business acquired based on a relative fair value basis, using the closing date fair values of each element, as follows (in millions): 

In addition to our ownership interest in Monster's outstanding common stock, the Company is represented by two directors on Monster's 10 member Board of Directors. Based on our equity ownership percentage, the significance that our expanded distribution and coordination agreements have on Monster's operations, and our representation on Monster's Board of Directors, the Company is accounting for its interest in Monster as an equity method investment. 
  As a result of the Monster Transaction, the North America Coca-Cola system obtained the right to distribute Monster products in territories for which it was not previously the authorized distributor ("expanded territories"). These distribution rights are governed by an agreement with an initial term of   20 years  , after which it will continue to remain in effect unless otherwise terminated by either party and there are no future costs of renewal. As such, these rights were determined to be indefinite-lived intangible assets and are classified in the line item bottlers' franchise rights with indefinite lives in our condensed consolidated balance sheet. CCR is the distributor in the majority of the expanded territories. The remainder of the territories are serviced by independent bottling partners. Of the   $1,035 million   allocated to the expanded distribution rights, the Company derecognized   $341 million   related to the expanded territories serviced by the independent bottling partners upon the close of the transaction. As consideration for these rights, the Company received an upfront payment of   $28 million   related to these territories, and we will receive a payment per case on all future sales made by these independent bottlers for the duration of the distribution agreements. As these payments are dependent on future sales, they are a form of contingent consideration. We elected to account for this consideration in the same manner as the contingent consideration to be received in the North America refranchising, discussed below. This resulted in a net loss of   $313 million   recorded in the line item other income (loss)   net in our condensed consolidated statement of income during the   nine months ended     October 2, 2015  . 
  
   9 

During the   nine months ended     October 2, 2015  , the Company recognized a gain of   $1,715 million   on the sale of our global energy drink business, primarily due to the difference in the recorded carrying value of the assets transferred, including an allocated portion of goodwill, compared to the value of the total assets and business acquired. After considering the loss resulting from the derecognition of the expanded territory rights serviced by the independent bottling partners, the net gain recognized on the Monster Transaction was   $1,402 million  , which was recorded in the line item other income (loss)   net in our condensed consolidated statement of income. Additionally, under the terms of the Monster Transaction, we were required to discontinue selling energy products under certain trademarks, including one trademark in the glac au portfolio. The Company recognized an impairment charge of   $380 million   upon closing, primarily related to the discontinuation of the energy products in the glac au portfolio, which was recorded in the line item other operating charges in our condensed consolidated statement of income. 
  During the   nine months ended     October 2, 2015  , based on the relative fair values of the total assets and business acquired,   $1,620 million   of the   $2,150 million   cash payment made was classified in the line item acquisitions of businesses, equity method investments and nonmarketable securities in our consolidated statement of cash flows. The remaining   $530 million   was classified in the line item other investing activities in our consolidated statement of cash flows. 
  Divestitures 
  During the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016  , proceeds from disposals of businesses, equity method investments and nonmarketable securities totaled   $745 million  , primarily related to proceeds from the refranchising of certain of our territories in North America.  
  During the   nine months ended     October 2, 2015  , proceeds from disposals of businesses, equity method investments and nonmarketable securities totaled   $416 million  , related to proceeds from the refranchising of certain of our territories in North America and proceeds from the sale of a   10 percent   interest in a Brazilian bottling partner as a result of the majority owners exercising their right to acquire additional shares from us. 
  North America Refranchising 
  In conjunction with implementing a new beverage partnership model in North America, the Company refranchised territories that were previously managed by CCR to certain of our unconsolidated bottling partners. These territories generally border these bottlers' existing territories, allowing each bottler to better service local customers and provide more efficient execution. By entering into comprehensive beverage agreements ("CBAs") with each of the bottlers, we granted certain exclusive territory rights for the distribution, promotion, marketing and sale of Company-owned and licensed beverage products as defined by the CBA.   In some cases, the Company has entered into, or agreed to enter into, manufacturing agreements that authorize certain bottlers that have executed a CBA to manufacture certain beverage products. If a bottler has not entered into a specific manufacturing agreement, then under the CBA for these territories, CCR retains the rights to produce these beverage products and the bottlers will purchase from CCR (or other Company-authorized manufacturing bottlers) substantially all of the related finished products needed in order to service the customers in these territories. 
  Each CBA generally has a term of   10 years   and is renewable, in most cases by the bottler and in some cases by the Company, indefinitely for successive additional terms of   10 years   each. Under the CBA, the bottlers will make ongoing quarterly payments to the Company based on their gross profit in the refranchised territories throughout the term of the CBA, including renewals, in exchange for the grant of the exclusive territory rights. 
  Contemporaneously with the grant of these rights, the Company sold the distribution assets, certain working capital items, and the exclusive rights to distribute certain beverage brands not owned by the Company, but distributed by CCR, in each of these territories to the respective bottlers in exchange for cash. These rights include, where applicable, the distribution rights acquired from Monster in 2015 for the respective territories. During the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016   and   October 2, 2015  , cash proceeds from these sales totaled   $732 million   and   $217 million  , respectively. Included in the cash proceeds for the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016   and   October 2, 2015   was   $181 million   and   $51 million  , respectively, from Coca-Cola Bottling Co. Consolidated ("CCBCC"), an equity method investee. 
  Under the applicable accounting guidance, we were required to derecognize all of the tangible assets sold as well as the intangible assets transferred, including distribution rights, customer relationships and an allocated portion of goodwill related to these territories. 
  Additionally, in September 2015, the Company announced the formation of a new National Product Supply System ("NPSS") which will facilitate optimal operation of the U.S. product supply system. Under the NPSS, the Company and several of its existing independent producing bottlers will administer key national product supply activities for these bottlers, which currently represent approximately   95 percent   of the U.S. produced volume. As part of the NPSS, it is anticipated that each of these bottlers will acquire certain production facilities from CCR in exchange for cash, subject to the parties reaching definitive agreements. 
  
   10 

We recognized losses of   $1,089 million   and   $794 million   during the   three months ended     September 30, 2016   and   October 2, 2015  , respectively. During the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016   and   October 2, 2015  , we recognized losses of   $1,657 million   and   $827 million  , respectively. These losses primarily related to the derecognition of the intangible assets transferred or reclassified as held for sale and were included in the line item other income (loss)   net in our condensed consolidated statements of income. See further discussion of assets and liabilities held for sale below. We expect to recover the value of the intangible assets transferred to the bottlers under the CBAs through the future quarterly payments; however, as the payments for the territory rights are dependent on the bottlers' future gross profit in these territories, they are considered a form of contingent consideration. 
  There is diversity in practice as it relates to the accounting for contingent consideration by the seller. The seller can account for the future contingent payments received as a gain contingency, recognizing the amounts in the income statement only after the related contingencies are resolved and the gain is realized, which in this arrangement will be quarterly as the bottlers earn gross profit in the transferred territories. Alternatively, the seller can record a receivable for the contingent consideration at fair value on the date of sale and record any future differences between the payments received and this receivable in the income statement as they occur. We elected the gain contingency treatment since the quarterly payments will be received throughout the terms of the CBAs, including all subsequent renewals, regardless of the cumulative amount received as compared to the value of the intangible assets transferred. 
  During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, the Company incurred   $17 million   of expense related to payments made to certain of our unconsolidated bottling partners in order to convert their bottling agreements to a CBA with additional requirements ("Final Form CBA"). The additional requirements include a binding national governance model, mandatory incidence pricing and additional core performance requirements, among other things. As a result of these conversions, the legacy territories and previously refranchised territories for each of the related bottling partners will be governed under the same Final Form CBA, which will provide consistency across their territories and, as bottling agreements held by other U.S. bottlers are also converted, across the U.S. bottling system. The expense related to these payments was included in the line item other income (loss)   net in our condensed consolidated statement of income during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016. 
  Coca-Cola European Partners 
  In August 2015, the Company entered into an agreement to merge our German bottling operations with Coca-Cola Enterprises, Inc. ("CCE") and Coca-Cola Iberian Partners, S.A.U., formerly known as Coca-Cola Iberian Partners, S.A. ("CCIP"), to create Coca-Cola European Partners plc ("CCEP"). As of December 31, 2015, our German bottling operations were classified as held for sale. On May 28, 2016, the transaction closed and we exchanged our German bottling operations for an   18 percent   interest in CCEP. As a result of recording our interest in CCEP at fair value based on its quoted market price, the deconsolidation of our German bottling operations, and the related reversal of its cumulative translation adjustments, we recognized a gain of   $1,400 million  . This gain was partially offset by a   $77 million   loss incurred as a result of reclassifying losses related to our net investment hedges of our German bottling operations from accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) ("AOCI") into earnings as well as transaction costs incurred resulting in a net gain of   $1,288 million   during the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016  . Refer to Note 8. With the exception of the transaction costs, the net gain was recorded in the line item other income (loss)   net in our condensed consolidated statement of income. The Company accounts for its   18 percent   interest in CCEP as an equity method investment based on our equity ownership percentage, our representation on CCEP's Board of Directors and other governance rights. 
  Coca-Cola Beverages Africa Limited 
  In November 2014, the Company, SABMiller plc and Gutsche Family Investments entered into an agreement to combine the bottling operations of each of the parties' nonalcoholic ready-to-drink beverage businesses in Southern and East Africa. In connection with the July 2, 2016 closing of the transaction to form the new bottler, which is called Coca-Cola Beverages Africa Limited ("CCBA"), the Company: (1) contributed its South African bottling operations to CCBA, which included certain wholly owned subsidiaries and an equity method investment, (2) paid   $150 million   in cash, (3) obtained a   12 percent   interest in CCBA and a   3 percent   interest in CCBA's South African subsidiary and (4) acquired several trademarks that are generally indefinite-lived. 
  As a result of recording our interests in CCBA and its South African subsidiary at fair value, the deconsolidation of our South African bottling operations, the derecognition of the equity method investment, and the reversal of related cumulative translation adjustments, we recognized a loss of   $21 million  . The fair values of the equity investments in CCBA and CCBA's South African subsidiary along with the acquired trademarks were determined using income approaches, including discounted cash flow models, and the Company believes the inputs and assumptions used are consistent with those hypothetical marketplace participants would use. The loss recognized resulted primarily from the reversal of the related cumulative translation adjustments. This loss is recorded in the line item other income (loss)   net in our condensed consolidated statement of income during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016. 
  
   11 

Through the Company's   12 percent   interest in CCBA, the Company is represented by two directors on CCBA's 10-member Board of Directors. Based on the level of equity ownership, the Company s representation on the Board of Directors and other governance rights, the Company is accounting for its interests in CCBA and CCBA's South African subsidiary as equity method investments. The Company s interest in CCBA provides it with a call option to acquire the ownership interest of SABMiller plc at fair value upon the occurrence of certain events, including upon a change in control of SABMiller plc, and the Company exercised that option on October 10, 2016. Refer to Note 16 for more information. 
  Keurig Green Mountain, Inc. 
  In February 2014, the Company purchased newly issued shares in Keurig Green Mountain, Inc. ("Keurig") for   $1,265 million  , including transaction costs of   $14 million  . In May 2014, the Company purchased additional shares of Keurig in the market for   $302 million  , which represented an additional   2 percent   equity position in Keurig. 
  Subsequent to these purchases, the Company entered into an agreement with Credit Suisse Capital LLC ("CS") to purchase additional shares of Keurig which would increase the Company's equity position to a   16 percent   interest based on the total number of issued and outstanding shares of Keurig as of May 1, 2014. Under the agreement, the Company was to purchase from CS, on a date selected by CS no later than February 2015, the lesser of (1)   6.5 million   shares of Keurig or (2) the number of shares that shall cause our ownership to equal   16 percent  . The purchase price per share was the average of the daily volume-weighted average price per share from May 15, 2014, to the date selected by CS, as adjusted in certain circumstances specified in the agreement. CS had exclusive ownership and control over any such shares until delivered to the Company. In February 2015, the Company purchased   6.4 million   shares from CS under this agreement for a total purchase price of   $830 million  . As this agreement qualified as a derivative, we recognized a loss of   $58 million   in the line item other income (loss)   net in the condensed consolidated statement of income during the   nine months ended     October 2, 2015  . The Company recognized a cumulative loss of   $47 million   in the line item other income (loss)   net in the condensed consolidated statements of income over the term of the agreement. The purchases of the shares were included in the line item purchases of investments in our condensed consolidated statement of cash flows, net of any related derivative impact. The Company accounted for the investment in Keurig as an available-for-sale security, which was included in the line item other investments in our condensed consolidated balance sheet. 
  In March 2016, a JAB Holding Company-led investor group acquired Keurig for   $92   per share. The Company received proceeds of   $2,380 million  , which were recorded in the line item proceeds from disposals of investments in our condensed consolidated statement of cash flows, and recorded a gain of   $18 million   related to the disposal of our shares of Keurig in the line item other income (loss)   net in our condensed consolidated statement of income during the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016  .  
  Assets and Liabilities Held for Sale 
  North America Refranchising 
  As of   September 30, 2016  , the Company had entered into agreements, or otherwise approved plans, to refranchise additional territories in North America. For territories that met the criteria to be classified as held for sale, we were required to record their assets and liabilities at the lower of carrying value or fair value less any costs to sell based on the agreed-upon sale price. The Company expects that these territories will be refranchised within the next 12 months. 
  Refranchising of China Bottling Operations 
  In July 2016, the asset group that includes the Company-owned bottling operations in China and a related cost method investment met the criteria to be classified as held for sale. We were not required to record these assets and liabilities at fair value less any costs to sell because their fair value approximates our carrying value.  
  
   12 

The following table presents information related to the major classes of assets and liabilities that were classified as held for sale in our condensed consolidated balance sheets (in millions): 

1    Consists of total assets relating to North America refranchising of   $884 million  , China bottling operations of   $1,562 million   and other assets held for sale of   $17 million  , which are included in the Bottling Investments and Corporate operating segments. 
            2   
    Consists of total liabilities relating to North America refranchising of   $253 million   and China bottling operations of   $429 million  , which are included in the Bottling Investments operating segment.  
      3    Consists of total assets relating to CCEP of   $2,894 million  , North America refranchising of   $589 million  , Coca-Cola Beverages Africa Limited of   $398 million   and other assets held for sale of   $19 million  , which are included in the Bottling Investments, Europe, Middle East and Africa, and Corporate operating segments. 
            4   
    Consists of total liabilities relating to CCEP of   $924 million  , North America refranchising of   $123 million   and Coca-Cola Beverages Africa Limited of   $86 million  , which are included in the Bottling Investments and Europe, Middle East and Africa operating segments.  
     We determined that the operations included in the table above did not meet the criteria to be classified as discontinued operations under the applicable guidance. 
  
   13 

NOTE 3  :   INVESTMENTS 
  Investments in debt and marketable securities, other than investments accounted for under the equity method, are classified as trading, available-for-sale or held-to-maturity. Our marketable equity investments are classified as either trading or available-for-sale with their cost basis determined by the specific identification method. Our investments in debt securities are carried at either amortized cost or fair value. Investments in debt securities that the Company has the positive intent and ability to hold to maturity are carried at amortized cost and classified as held-to-maturity. Investments in debt securities that are not classified as held-to-maturity are carried at fair value and classified as either trading or available-for-sale. Realized and unrealized gains and losses on trading securities and realized gains and losses on available-for-sale securities are included in net income. Unrealized gains and losses, net of deferred taxes, on available-for-sale securities are included in our consolidated balance sheets as a component of AOCI, except for the change in fair value attributable to the currency risk being hedged. Refer to Note 5 for additional information related to the Company's fair value hedges of available-for-sale securities. 
  Trading Securities 
  As of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , our trading securities had a fair value of $  379 million   and $  322 million  , respectively, and consisted primarily of equity securities. The Company had net unrealized gains on trading securities of $  37 million   and $  19 million   as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively. 
  The Company's trading securities were included in the following line items in our condensed consolidated balance sheets (in millions): 

Available-for-Sale and Held-to-Maturity Securities 
  As of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , the Company did not have any held-to-maturity securities. As of   September 30, 2016  , available-for-sale securities consisted of the following (in millions): 

1        Refer to   Note 14   for additional information related to the estimated fair value. 
  As of   December 31, 2015  , available-for-sale securities consisted of the following (in millions): 

1    Refer to   Note 14   for additional information related to the estimated fair value. 
  
   14 

The sale and/or maturity of available-for-sale securities resulted in the following realized activity (in millions): 

As of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , the Company had investments classified as available-for-sale in which our cost basis exceeded the fair value of our investment. Management assessed each of the available-for-sale securities that were in a gross unrealized loss position on an individual basis to determine if the decline in fair value was other than temporary. Management's assessment as to the nature of a decline in fair value is based on, among other things, the length of time and the extent to which the market value has been less than our cost basis; the financial condition and near-term prospects of the issuer; and our intent and ability to retain the investment for a period of time sufficient to allow for any anticipated recovery in market value. As a result of these assessments, management determined that the decline in fair value of these investments was not other than temporary and did not record any impairment charges. 
  The Company uses two of its insurance captives to reinsure group annuity insurance contracts that cover the pension obligations of certain of our European and Canadian pension plans. In accordance with local insurance regulations, our insurance captives are required to meet and maintain minimum solvency capital requirements. The Company elected to invest its solvency capital in a portfolio of available-for-sale securities, which are classified in the line item other assets in our condensed consolidated balance sheets because the assets are not available to satisfy our current obligations. As of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , the Company's available-for-sale securities included solvency capital funds of $  976 million   and $  804 million  , respectively. 
  The Company's available-for-sale securities were included in the following line items in our condensed consolidated balance sheets (in millions): 

The contractual maturities of these available-for-sale securities as of   September 30, 2016   were as follows (in millions): 

The Company expects that actual maturities may differ from the contractual maturities above because borrowers have the right to call or prepay certain obligations. 
  
   15 

Cost Method Investments 
  Cost method investments are initially recorded at cost, and we record dividend income when applicable dividends are declared. Cost method investments are reported as other investments in our condensed consolidated balance sheets, and dividend income from cost method investments is reported in other income (loss)   net in our condensed consolidated statements of income. We review all of our cost method investments quarterly to determine if impairment indicators are present; however, we are not required to determine the fair value of these investments unless impairment indicators exist. When impairment indicators exist, we generally use discounted cash flow analyses to determine the fair value. We estimate that the fair values of our cost method investments approximated or exceeded their carrying values as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  . Our cost method investments had carrying values of $  143 million   and $  190 million   as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively. 
   
  NOTE 4  :   INVENTORIES    
  Inventories consist primarily of raw materials and packaging (which include ingredients and supplies) and finished goods (which include concentrates and syrups in our concentrate operations and finished beverages in our finished product operations). Inventories are valued at the lower of cost or market. We determine cost on the basis of the average cost or first-in, first-out methods. Inventories consisted of the following (in millions): 

NOTE 5  :   HEDGING TRANSACTIONS AND DERIVATIVE FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS    
  The Company is directly and indirectly affected by changes in certain market conditions. These changes in market conditions may adversely impact the Company's financial performance and are referred to as "market risks." When deemed appropriate, our Company uses derivatives as a risk management tool to mitigate the potential impact of certain market risks. The primary market risks managed by the Company through the use of derivative and non-derivative financial instruments are foreign currency exchange rate risk, commodity price risk and interest rate risk. 
  The Company uses various types of derivative instruments including, but not limited to, forward contracts, commodity futures contracts, option contracts, collars and swaps. Forward contracts and commodity futures contracts are agreements to buy or sell a quantity of a currency or commodity at a predetermined future date, and at a predetermined rate or price. An option contract is an agreement that conveys the purchaser the right, but not the obligation, to buy or sell a quantity of a currency or commodity at a predetermined rate or price during a period or at a time in the future. A collar is a strategy that uses a combination of options to limit the range of possible positive or negative returns on an underlying asset or liability to a specific range, or to protect expected future cash flows. To do this, an investor simultaneously buys a put option and sells (writes) a call option, or alternatively buys a call option and sells (writes) a put option. A swap agreement is a contract between two parties to exchange cash flows based on specified underlying notional amounts, assets and/or indices. We do not enter into derivative financial instruments for trading purposes. The Company may also designate certain non-derivative instruments, such as our foreign-denominated debt, in hedging relationships. 
  All derivative instruments are carried at fair value in our condensed consolidated balance sheets in the following line items, as applicable: prepaid expenses and other assets; other assets; accounts payable and accrued expenses; and other liabilities. The carrying values of the derivatives reflect the impact of legally enforceable master netting agreements and cash collateral held or placed with the same counterparties, as applicable. These master netting agreements allow the Company to net settle positive and negative positions (assets and liabilities) arising from different transactions with the same counterparty. 
  
   16 

The accounting for gains and losses that result from changes in the fair values of derivative instruments depends on whether the derivatives have been designated and qualify as hedging instruments and the type of hedging relationships. Derivatives can be designated as fair value hedges, cash flow hedges or hedges of net investments in foreign operations. The changes in the fair values of derivatives that have been designated and qualify for fair value hedge accounting are recorded in the same line item in our condensed consolidated statement of income as the changes in the fair values of the hedged items attributable to the risk being hedged. The changes in the fair values of derivatives that have been designated and qualify as cash flow hedges or hedges of net investments in foreign operations are recorded in AOCI and are reclassified into the line item in our condensed consolidated statement of income in which the hedged items are recorded in the same period the hedged items affect earnings. Due to the high degree of effectiveness between the hedging instruments and the underlying exposures being hedged, fluctuations in the values of the derivative instruments are generally offset by changes in the fair values or cash flows of the underlying exposures being hedged. The changes in fair values of derivatives that were not designated and/or did not qualify as hedging instruments are immediately recognized into earnings. 
  For derivatives that will be accounted for as hedging instruments, the Company formally designates and documents, at inception, the financial instrument as a hedge of a specific underlying exposure, the risk management objective and the strategy for undertaking the hedge transaction. In addition, the Company formally assesses, both at inception and at least quarterly thereafter, whether the financial instruments used in hedging transactions are effective at offsetting changes in either the fair values or cash flows of the related underlying exposures. Any ineffective portion of a financial instrument's change in fair value is immediately recognized into earnings. 
  The Company determines the fair values of its derivatives based on quoted market prices or pricing models using current market rates. Refer to   Note 14  . The notional amounts of the derivative financial instruments do not necessarily represent amounts exchanged by the parties and, therefore, are not a direct measure of our exposure to the financial risks described above. The amounts exchanged are calculated by reference to the notional amounts and by other terms of the derivatives, such as interest rates, foreign currency exchange rates or other financial indices. The Company does not view the fair values of its derivatives in isolation but rather in relation to the fair values or cash flows of the underlying hedged transactions or other exposures. Virtually all of our derivatives are straightforward over-the-counter instruments with liquid markets. 
  The following table presents the fair values of the Company's derivative instruments that were designated and qualified as part of a hedging relationship (in millions): 

1        All of the Company's derivative instruments are carried at fair value in our condensed consolidated balance sheets after considering the impact of legally enforceable master netting agreements and cash collateral held or placed with the same counterparties, as applicable. Current disclosure requirements mandate that derivatives must also be disclosed without reflecting the impact of master netting agreements and cash collateral. Refer to   Note 14   for the net presentation of the Company's derivative instruments. 
   2        Refer to   Note 14   for additional information related to the estimated fair value. 
  
   17 

The following table presents the fair values of the Company's derivative instruments that were not designated as hedging instruments (in millions): 

Fair Value   1,2  
      Derivatives Not Designated as Hedging Instruments 
    Balance Sheet Location   1  
    September 30, 2016 
      
    December 31, 2015 
      
      Assets: 

Foreign currency contracts 
    Prepaid expenses and other assets 
    $ 
    198 
      
    $ 
    105 
      
      Foreign currency contracts 
    Other assets 
    4 
      
    241 
      
      Commodity contracts 
    Prepaid expenses and other assets 
    22 
      
    2 
      
      Commodity contracts 
    Other assets 
    1 
      
    1 
      
      Other derivative instruments 
    Prepaid expenses and other assets 

17 
      
      Other derivative instruments 
    Other assets 
    1 
      
    3 
      
      Total assets 
      
    $ 
    226 
      
    $ 
    369 
      
      Liabilities: 

Foreign currency contracts 
    Accounts payable and accrued expenses 
    $ 
    47 
      
    $ 
    59 
      
      Foreign currency contracts 
    Other liabilities 
    9 
      
    9 
      
      Commodity contracts 
    Accounts payable and accrued expenses 
    41 
      
    154 
      
      Commodity contracts 
    Other liabilities 
    1 
      
    19 
      
      Interest rate contracts 
    Other liabilities 
    2 
      
    1 
      
      Other derivative instruments 
    Accounts payable and accrued expenses 
    6 
      
    5 
      
      Other derivative instruments 
    Other liabilities 
    1 
      
    2 
      
      Total liabilities 
      
    $ 
    107 
      
    $ 
    249 

1    All of the Company's derivative instruments are carried at fair value in our condensed consolidated balance sheets after considering the impact of legally enforceable master netting agreements and cash collateral held or placed with the same counterparties, as applicable. Current disclosure requirements mandate that derivatives must also be disclosed without reflecting the impact of master netting agreements and cash collateral. Refer to   Note 14   for the net presentation of the Company's derivative instruments. 
   2        Refer to   Note 14   for additional information related to the estimated fair value. 
  Credit Risk Associated with Derivatives 
  We have established strict counterparty credit guidelines and enter into transactions only with financial institutions of investment grade or better. We monitor counterparty exposures regularly and review any downgrade in credit rating immediately. If a downgrade in the credit rating of a counterparty were to occur, we have provisions requiring cash collateral for substantially all of our transactions. To mitigate presettlement risk, minimum credit standards become more stringent as the duration of the derivative financial instrument increases. In addition, the Company's master netting agreements reduce credit risk by permitting the Company to net settle for transactions with the same counterparty. To minimize the concentration of credit risk, we enter into derivative transactions with a portfolio of financial institutions. Based on these factors, we consider the risk of counterparty default to be minimal.  
  Cash Flow Hedging Strategy 
  The Company uses cash flow hedges to minimize the variability in cash flows of assets or liabilities or forecasted transactions caused by fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates, commodity prices or interest rates. The changes in the fair values of derivatives designated as cash flow hedges are recorded in AOCI and are reclassified into the line item in our condensed consolidated statement of income in which the hedged items are recorded in the same period the hedged items affect earnings. The changes in fair values of hedges that are determined to be ineffective are immediately reclassified from AOCI into earnings. The maximum length of time for which the Company hedges its exposure to future cash flows is typically   three   years. 
  The Company maintains a foreign currency cash flow hedging program to reduce the risk that our eventual U.S. dollar net cash inflows from sales outside the United States and U.S. dollar net cash outflows from procurement activities will be adversely affected by fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates. We enter into forward contracts and purchase foreign currency options (principally euros and Japanese yen) and collars to hedge certain portions of forecasted cash flows denominated in foreign currencies. When the U.S. dollar strengthens against the foreign currencies, the decline in the present value of future foreign currency cash flows is partially offset by gains in the fair value of the derivative instruments. Conversely, when the U.S. dollar weakens, the increase in the present value of future foreign currency cash flows is partially offset by losses in the fair value of the derivative instruments. The total notional values of derivatives that were designated and qualified for the Company's foreign currency cash flow hedging program were $  6,783 million   and $  10,383 million   as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively. 
  
   18 

The Company uses cross-currency swaps to hedge the changes in cash flows of certain of its foreign currency denominated debt due to changes in foreign currency exchange rates. For this hedging program, the Company records the change in carrying value of the foreign currency denominated debt due to changes in exchange rates into earnings each period. The changes in fair value of the cross-currency swap derivatives are recorded in AOCI with an immediate reclassification into earnings for the change in fair value attributable to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates. During the   nine months ended     October 2, 2015  , the Company discontinued the cash flow hedge relationships related to swaps that had a notional amount of   $2,590 million  . Upon discontinuance, the Company recognized a loss of   $92 million   in OCI, which will be reclassified from AOCI into interest expense over the remaining life of the debt, a weighted-average period of approximately   10 years  . The Company did not discontinue any cash flow hedging relationships during the   three and nine months ended     September 30, 2016  . The total notional values for the Company's cross-currency swaps were   $1,851 million   and   $566 million   as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively. 
  The Company has entered into commodity futures contracts and other derivative instruments on various commodities to mitigate the price risk associated with forecasted purchases of materials used in our manufacturing process. These derivative instruments have been designated and qualify as part of the Company's commodity cash flow hedging program. The objective of this hedging program is to reduce the variability of cash flows associated with future purchases of certain commodities. The total notional values of derivatives that were designated and qualified for the Company's commodity cash flow hedging program were $  3 million   and $  8 million   as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively. 
  Our Company monitors our mix of short-term debt and long-term debt regularly. From time to time, we manage our risk to interest rate fluctuations through the use of derivative financial instruments. The Company has entered into interest rate swap agreements and has designated these instruments as part of the Company's interest rate cash flow hedging program. The objective of this hedging program is to mitigate the risk of adverse changes in benchmark interest rates on the Company's future interest payments. The total notional values of the interest rate swap agreements that were designated and qualified for the Company's interest rate cash flow hedging program were   $1,500 million   and   $3,328 million   as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively. 
  The following table presents the pretax impact that changes in the fair values of derivatives designated as cash flow hedges had on AOCI and earnings during the   three months ended     September 30, 2016   (in millions): 
                                       
    Gain (Loss) Recognized 
  in OCI 
      
    Location of Gain (Loss) 
  Recognized in Income   1  
    Gain (Loss) 
  Reclassified from 
  AOCI into Income 
  (Effective Portion) 
      
    Gain (Loss) Recognized in Income (Ineffective Portion and Amount Excluded from Effectiveness Testing) 

Foreign currency contracts 
    $ 
    (48 
    ) 
    Net operating revenues 
    $ 
    141 
      
    $ 
    (2 
    ) 
      
      Foreign currency contracts 
    9 
      
    Cost of goods sold 
    8 

Foreign currency contracts 

Interest expense 
    (2 
    ) 

Foreign currency contracts 
    36 
      
    Other income (loss)   net 
    40 

Interest rate contracts 
    26 
      
    Interest expense 
    (2 
    ) 
    3 

Commodity contracts 
    (1 
    ) 
    Cost of goods sold 

Total 
    $ 
    22 

$ 
    185 
      
    $ 
    1 

1        The Company records gains and losses reclassified from AOCI into income for the effective portion and the ineffective portion, if any, to the same line items in our condensed consolidated statements of income. 
  The following table presents the pretax impact that changes in the fair values of derivatives designated as cash flow hedges had on AOCI and earnings during the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016   (in millions): 
                                       
    Gain (Loss) Recognized 
  in OCI 
      
    Location of Gain (Loss) 
  Recognized in Income   1  
    Gain (Loss) 
  Reclassified from 
  AOCI into Income 
  (Effective Portion) 
      
    Gain (Loss) Recognized in Income (Ineffective Portion and Amount Excluded from Effectiveness Testing) 

Foreign currency contracts 
    $ 
    (348 
    ) 
    Net operating revenues 
    $ 
    419 
      
    $ 
    (3 
    ) 
      
      Foreign currency contracts 
    (34 
    ) 
    Cost of goods sold 
    41 
      
    (1 
    ) 
      
      Foreign currency contracts 

Interest expense 
    (6 
    ) 

Foreign currency contracts 
    25 
      
    Other income (loss)   net 
    38 

Interest rate contracts 
    (226 
    ) 
    Interest expense 
    (6 
    ) 
    3 

Commodity contracts 

Cost of goods sold 

Total 
    $ 
    (583 
    ) 
      
    $ 
    486 
      
    $ 
    (1 
    ) 

1        The Company records gains and losses reclassified from AOCI into income for the effective portion and the ineffective portion, if any, to the same line items in our condensed consolidated statements of income. 
  
   19 

The following table presents the pretax impact that changes in the fair values of derivatives designated as cash flow hedges had on AOCI and earnings during the   three months ended     October 2, 2015   (in millions): 
                                       
    Gain (Loss) 
  Recognized 
  in OCI 
      
    Location of Gain (Loss) 
  Recognized in Income   1  
    Gain (Loss) 
  Reclassified from 
  AOCI into Income 
  (Effective Portion) 
      
    Gain (Loss) Recognized in Income (Ineffective Portion and Amount Excluded from Effectiveness Testing) 

Foreign currency contracts 
    $ 
    1 
      
    Net operating revenues 
    $ 
    170 
      
    $ 

2   
      Foreign currency contracts 
    22 
      
    Cost of goods sold 
    16 

2   
      Foreign currency contracts 

Interest expense 
    (3 
    ) 

Interest rate contracts 
    (223 
    ) 
    Interest expense 
    1 
      
    (3 
    ) 
      
      Commodity contracts 
    (1 
    ) 
    Cost of goods sold 
    (1 
    ) 

Total 
    $ 
    (201 
    ) 
      
    $ 
    183 
      
    $ 
    (3 
    ) 

1    The Company records gains and losses reclassified from AOCI into income for the effective portion and the ineffective portion, if any, to the same line items in our condensed consolidated statements of income. 
   2        Includes a de minimis amount of ineffectiveness in the hedging relationship. 
  The following table presents the pretax impact that changes in the fair values of derivatives designated as cash flow hedges had on AOCI and earnings during the   nine months ended     October 2, 2015   (in millions): 
                                       
    Gain (Loss) 
  Recognized 
  in OCI 
      
    Location of Gain (Loss) 
  Recognized in Income   1  
    Gain (Loss) 
  Reclassified from 
  AOCI into Income 
  (Effective Portion) 
      
    Gain (Loss) Recognized in Income (Ineffective Portion and Amount Excluded from Effectiveness Testing) 

Foreign currency contracts 
    $ 
    727 
      
    Net operating revenues 
    $ 
    468 
      
    $ 

2   
      Foreign currency contracts 
    52 
      
    Cost of goods sold 
    44 

2   
      Foreign currency contracts 
    18 
      
    Interest expense 
    (7 
    ) 

Interest rate contracts 
    (187 
    ) 
    Interest expense 
    (2 
    ) 
    (3 
    ) 
      
      Commodity contracts 
    (2 
    ) 
    Cost of goods sold 
    (2 
    ) 

Total 
    $ 
    608 

$ 
    501 
      
    $ 
    (3 
    ) 

1    The Company records gains and losses reclassified from AOCI into income for the effective portion and the ineffective portion, if any, to the same line items in our condensed consolidated statements of income. 
   2        Includes a de minimis amount of ineffectiveness in the hedging relationship. 
  As of   September 30, 2016  , the Company estimates that it will reclassify into earnings during the next 12 months   $330 million   of gains from the pretax amount recorded in AOCI as the anticipated cash flows occur. 
  Fair Value Hedging Strategy 
  The Company uses interest rate swap agreements designated as fair value hedges to minimize exposure to changes in the fair value of fixed-rate debt that results from fluctuations in benchmark interest rates. The Company also uses cross-currency interest rate swaps to hedge the changes in the fair value of foreign currency denominated debt relating to changes in foreign currency exchange rates and benchmark interest rates. The changes in fair values of derivatives designated as fair value hedges and the offsetting changes in fair values of the hedged items are recognized in earnings. The ineffective portions of these hedges are immediately recognized in earnings. As of   September 30, 2016  , such adjustments had cumulatively increased the carrying value of our long-term debt by $  279 million  . When a derivative is no longer designated as a fair value hedge for any reason, including termination and maturity, the remaining unamortized difference between the carrying value of the hedged item at that time and the face value of the hedged item is amortized to earnings over the remaining life of the hedged item, or immediately if the hedged item has matured. The total notional values of derivatives that related to our fair value hedges of this type were $  6,928 million   and   $7,963 million   as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively. 
  The Company also uses fair value hedges to minimize exposure to changes in the fair value of certain available-for-sale securities from fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates. The changes in fair values of derivatives designated as fair value hedges and the offsetting changes in fair values of the hedged items due to changes in foreign currency exchange rates are recognized in earnings. As a result, any difference is reflected in earnings as ineffectiveness. The total notional values of derivatives that related to our fair value hedges of this type were $  1,232 million   and $  2,159 million   as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively. 
  
   20 

The following table summarizes the pretax impact that changes in the fair values of derivatives designated as fair value hedges had on earnings during the   three months ended     September 30, 2016   and   October 2, 2015   (in millions): 
                             Hedging Instruments and Hedged Items 
    Location of Gain (Loss) 
  Recognized in Income 
    Gain (Loss) 
  Recognized in Income   1  
      Three Months Ended 
      September 30, 2016 
      
    October 2, 2015 
      
      Interest rate contracts 
    Interest expense 
    $ 

$ 
    151 
      
      Fixed-rate debt 
    Interest expense 
    (1 
    ) 
    (152 
    ) 
      Net impact to interest expense 
      
    $ 
    (1 
    ) 
    $ 
    (1 
    ) 
      Foreign currency contracts 
    Other income (loss)   net 
    $ 
    (67 
    ) 
    $ 
    82 
      
      Available-for-sale securities 
    Other income (loss)   net 
    66 
      
    (87 
    ) 
      Net impact to other income (loss)   net 
      
    $ 
    (1 
    ) 
    $ 
    (5 
    ) 
      Net impact of fair value hedging instruments 
      
    $ 
    (2 
    ) 
    $ 
    (6 
    ) 

1    The net impacts represent the ineffective portions of the hedge relationships and the amounts excluded from the assessment of hedge effectiveness. 
  The following table summarizes the pretax impact that changes in the fair values of derivatives designated as fair value hedges had on earnings during the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016   and   October 2, 2015   (in millions): 

1    The net impacts represent the ineffective portions of the hedge relationships and the amounts excluded from the assessment of hedge effectiveness. 
  Hedges of Net Investments in Foreign Operations Strategy 
  The Company uses forward contracts and non-derivative financial instruments to protect the value of our investments in a number of foreign subsidiaries. During the year ended   December 31, 2015  , the Company designated a portion of its euro-denominated debt as a hedge of a net investment in our European operations. The change in the carrying value of the designated portion of the euro-denominated debt due to changes in exchange rates is recorded in net foreign currency translation adjustment, a component of AOCI. For derivative instruments that are designated and qualify as hedges of net investments in foreign operations, the changes in fair values of the derivative instruments are recognized in net foreign currency translation adjustment to offset the changes in the values of the net investments being hedged. Any ineffective portions of net investment hedges are reclassified from AOCI into earnings during the period of change.  
  The following table summarizes the notional values and pretax impact of changes in the fair values of instruments designated as net investment hedges (in millions): 

21 

The Company reclassified net deferred losses of   $77 million   related to the deconsolidation of our German bottling operations from AOCI into earnings during the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016  . Refer to Note 2. The Company did not reclassify any gains or losses related to net investment hedges from AOCI into earnings during the   three and nine months ended     October 2, 2015  . In addition, the Company did not have any ineffectiveness related to net investment hedges during the   three and nine months ended     September 30, 2016   and   October 2, 2015  . The cash inflows and outflows associated with the Company's derivative contracts designated as net investment hedges are classified in the line item other investing activities in our condensed consolidated statements of cash flows. 
  Economic (Nondesignated) Hedging Strategy 
  In addition to derivative instruments that are designated and qualify for hedge accounting, the Company also uses certain derivatives as economic hedges of foreign currency, interest rate and commodity exposure. Although these derivatives were not designated and/or did not qualify for hedge accounting, they are effective economic hedges. The changes in fair values of economic hedges are immediately recognized into earnings. 
  The Company uses foreign currency economic hedges to offset the earnings impact that fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates have on certain monetary assets and liabilities denominated in nonfunctional currencies. The changes in fair values of economic hedges used to offset those monetary assets and liabilities are immediately recognized into earnings in the line item other income (loss)   net in our condensed consolidated statement of income. In addition, we use foreign currency economic hedges to minimize the variability in cash flows associated with fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates. The changes in fair values of economic hedges used to offset the variability in U.S. dollar net cash flows are recognized into earnings in the line items net operating revenues or cost of goods sold in our condensed consolidated statement of income, as applicable. The total notional values of derivatives related to our foreign currency economic hedges were $  3,915 million   and $  3,605 million   as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively. 
  The Company also uses certain derivatives as economic hedges to mitigate the price risk associated with the purchase of materials used in the manufacturing process and for vehicle fuel. The changes in fair values of these economic hedges are immediately recognized into earnings in the line items net operating revenues, cost of goods sold, and selling, general and administrative expenses in our condensed consolidated statement of income, as applicable. The total notional values of derivatives related to our economic hedges of this type were $  573 million   and $  893 million   as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively. 
  The following tables present the pretax impact that changes in the fair values of derivatives not designated as hedging instruments had on earnings (in millions): 

Three Months Ended 
      Derivatives Not Designated as Hedging Instruments 
    Location of Gain (Loss) Recognized in Income 
    September 30, 2016 
      
    October 2, 2015 
      
      Foreign currency contracts 
    Net operating revenues 
    $ 
    (6 
    ) 
    $ 
    34 
      
      Foreign currency contracts 
    Cost of goods sold 

2 
      
      Foreign currency contracts 
    Other income (loss)   net 

(26 
    ) 
      Interest rate contracts 
    Interest expense 
    2 

Commodity contracts 
    Net operating revenues 

(9 
    ) 
      Commodity contracts 
    Cost of goods sold 
    (9 
    ) 
    (133 
    ) 
      Commodity contracts 
    Selling, general and administrative expenses 
    (1 
    ) 
    (14 
    ) 
      Other derivative instruments 
    Selling, general and administrative expenses 
    3 
      
    (12 
    ) 
      Other derivative instruments 
    Other income (loss)   net 

(24 
    ) 
      Total 
      
    $ 
    (11 
    ) 
    $ 
    (182 
    ) 

22 

Nine Months Ended 
      Derivatives Not Designated as Hedging Instruments 
    Location of Gain (Loss) Recognized in Income 
    September 30, 2016 
      
    October 2, 2015 
      
      Foreign currency contracts 
    Net operating revenues 
    $ 
    (34 
    ) 
    $ 
    43 
      
      Foreign currency contracts 
    Cost of goods sold 
    4 
      
    3 
      
      Foreign currency contracts 
    Other income (loss)   net 
    (116 
    ) 
    (75 
    ) 
      Interest rate contracts 
    Interest expense 
    2 

Commodity contracts 
    Net operating revenues 
    3 
      
    (8 
    ) 
      Commodity contracts 
    Cost of goods sold 
    68 
      
    (152 
    ) 
      Commodity contracts 
    Selling, general and administrative expenses 
    3 
      
    (13 
    ) 
      Other derivative instruments 
    Selling, general and administrative expenses 
    11 
      
    (11 
    ) 
      Other derivative instruments 
    Other income (loss)   net 
    (14 
    ) 
    (86 
    ) 
      Total 
      
    $ 
    (73 
    ) 
    $ 
    (299 
    ) 

NOTE 6  :   DEBT AND BORROWING ARRANGEMENTS 
  During the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , the Company issued Australian dollar-, euro- and U.S. dollar-denominated debt of AUD  1,000 million  ,    500 million   and   $3,725 million  , respectively. The carrying value of this debt as of   September 30, 2016   was   $5,009 million  . The general terms of the notes issued are as follows: 
               
    $225 million   total principal amount of notes due November 16, 2017, at a variable interest rate equal to the three-month London Interbank Offered Rate ("LIBOR") plus   0.05 percent  ; 
          During the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , the Company retired upon maturity   $1,654 million   total principal amount of notes due September 1, 2016, at a fixed interest rate of   1.8 percent  . 
   
  NOTE 7  :   COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES    
  Guarantees 
  As of   September 30, 2016  , we were contingently liable for guarantees of indebtedness owed by third parties of $  550 million  , of which $  246 million   related to variable interest entities. These guarantees are primarily related to third-party customers, bottlers, vendors and container manufacturing operations and have arisen through the normal course of business. These guarantees have various terms, and none of these guarantees was individually significant. The amount represents the maximum potential future payments that we could be required to make under the guarantees; however, we do not consider it probable that we will be required to satisfy these guarantees. 
  We believe our exposure to concentrations of credit risk is limited due to the diverse geographic areas covered by our operations. 
  Legal Contingencies 
  The Company is involved in various legal proceedings. We establish reserves for specific legal proceedings when we determine that the likelihood of an unfavorable outcome is probable and the amount of loss can be reasonably estimated. Management has also identified certain other legal matters where we believe an unfavorable outcome is reasonably possible and/or for which no estimate of possible losses can be made. Management believes that the total liabilities to the Company that may arise as a result of currently pending legal proceedings will not have a material adverse effect on the Company taken as a whole. 
  
   23 

Tax Audits 
  The Company is involved in various tax matters, with respect to some of which the outcome is uncertain. We establish reserves to remove some or all of the tax benefit of any of our tax positions at the time we determine that it becomes uncertain based upon one of the following conditions: (1) the tax position is not "more likely than not" to be sustained, (2) the tax position is "more likely than not" to be sustained, but for a lesser amount, or (3) the tax position is "more likely than not" to be sustained, but not in the financial period in which the tax position was originally taken. For purposes of evaluating whether or not a tax position is uncertain, (1) we presume the tax position will be examined by the relevant taxing authority that has full knowledge of all relevant information; (2) the technical merits of a tax position are derived from authorities such as legislation and statutes, legislative intent, regulations, rulings and case law and their applicability to the facts and circumstances of the tax position; and (3) each tax position is evaluated without consideration of the possibility of offset or aggregation with other tax positions taken. A number of years may elapse before a particular uncertain tax position is audited and finally resolved or when a tax assessment is raised. The number of years subject to tax assessments varies depending on the tax jurisdiction. The tax benefit that has been previously reserved because of a failure to meet the "more likely than not" recognition threshold would be recognized in our income tax expense in the first interim period when the uncertainty disappears under any one of the following conditions: (1) the tax position is "more likely than not" to be sustained, (2) the tax position, amount, and/or timing is ultimately settled through negotiation or litigation, or (3) the statute of limitations for the tax position has expired. Refer to   Note 13  . 
  On September 17, 2015, the Company received a Statutory Notice of Deficiency ("Notice") from the Internal Revenue Service ("IRS") for the tax years 2007 through 2009, after a five-year audit. In the Notice, the IRS claims that the Company's United States taxable income should be increased by an amount that creates a potential additional federal income tax liability of approximately   $3.3 billion   for the period, plus interest. No penalties were asserted in the Notice. The disputed amounts largely relate to a transfer pricing matter involving the appropriate amount of taxable income the Company should report in the United States in connection with its licensing of intangible property to certain related foreign licensees regarding the manufacturing, distribution, sale, marketing and promotion of products in overseas markets. 
  The Company has followed the same transfer pricing methodology for these licenses since the methodology was agreed with the IRS in a 1996 closing agreement that applied back to 1987. The closing agreement provides prospective penalty protection as long as the Company follows the prescribed methodology and material facts and circumstances and relevant Federal tax law have not changed. On February 11, 2016, the IRS notified the Company, without further explanation, that the IRS has determined that material facts and circumstances and relevant Federal tax law have changed and that it may assert penalties. The Company does not agree with this determination. The Company's compliance with the closing agreement was audited and confirmed by the IRS in five successive audit cycles covering the subsequent 11 years through 2006, with the last audit concluding as recently as 2009. 
  The Notice represents a repudiation of the methodology previously adopted in the 1996 closing agreement. The IRS designated the matter for litigation on October 15, 2015. To the extent the matter remains designated, the Company will be prevented from pursuing any administrative settlement at IRS Appeals or under the IRS Advance Pricing and Mutual Agreement Program. 
  The Company firmly believes that the IRS' claims are without merit and plans to pursue all available administrative and judicial remedies necessary to resolve this matter. To that end, the Company filed a petition in the U.S. Tax Court on December 14, 2015, and the IRS filed its answer on February 12, 2016. A trial date has been set for March 5, 2018. The Company intends to vigorously defend its position and is confident in its ability to prevail on the merits. The Company regularly assesses the likelihood of adverse outcomes resulting from examinations such as this to determine the adequacy of its tax reserves. The Company believes that the final adjudication of this matter will not have a material impact on its consolidated financial position, results of operations or cash flows and that it has adequate tax reserves for all tax matters. However, the ultimate outcome of disputes of this nature is uncertain, and if the IRS were to prevail on its assertions, the additional tax, interest and any potential penalties could have a material adverse impact on the Company's financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 
  
   24 

Risk Management Programs 
  The Company has numerous global insurance programs in place to help protect the Company from the risk of loss. In general, we are self-insured for large portions of many different types of claims; however, we do use commercial insurance above our self-insured retentions to reduce the Company's risk of catastrophic loss. Our reserves for the Company's self-insured losses are estimated using actuarial methods and assumptions of the insurance industry, adjusted for our specific expectations based on our claim history. Our self-insurance reserves totaled $  568 million   and $  560 million   as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively. 
   
  NOTE 8  :   COMPREHENSIVE INCOME    
  AOCI attributable to shareowners of The Coca-Cola Company is separately presented in our condensed consolidated balance sheets as a component of The Coca-Cola Company's shareowners' equity, which also includes our proportionate share of equity method investees' AOCI. OCI attributable to noncontrolling interests is allocated to, and included in, our condensed consolidated balance sheets as part of the line item equity attributable to noncontrolling interests. 
  AOCI attributable to shareowners of The Coca-Cola Company consisted of the following (in millions):   

  The following table summarizes the allocation of total comprehensive income between shareowners of The Coca-Cola Company and noncontrolling interests (in millions):   

   1        Refer to   Note 5   for additional information related to the net gain or loss on derivative instruments designated and qualifying as cash flow hedging instruments. 
   2        Refer to   Note 3   for additional information related to the net unrealized gain or loss on available-for-sale securities. 
            3   
    Refer to   Note 12   for additional information related to the Company's pension and other postretirement benefit liabilities. 
     
   25 

The following tables present OCI attributable to shareowners of The Coca-Cola Company, including our proportionate share of equity method investees' OCI (in millions): 

1   
    Refer to   Note 5   for additional information related to the net gain or loss on derivative instruments designated and qualifying as cash flow hedging instruments and net investment hedging activity. 
               2   
    Includes reclassification adjustments related to divestitures of certain available-for-sale securities. Refer to   Note 3   for additional information related to these divestitures. 
               3   
    Refer to   Note 12   for additional information related to the Company's pension and other postretirement benefit liabilities. 

1   
    Refer to   Note 5   for additional information related to the net gain or loss on derivative instruments designated and qualifying as cash flow hedging instruments and net investment hedging activity. 
               2   
    Includes reclassification adjustments related to divestitures of certain available-for-sale securities. Refer to   Note 3   for additional information related to these divestitures. 
               3   
    Refer to   Note 12   for additional information related to the Company's pension and other postretirement benefit liabilities. 
     
   26 

1   
    Refer to   Note 5   for additional information related to the net gain or loss on derivative instruments designated and qualifying as cash flow hedging instruments. 
               2   
    Includes reclassification adjustments related to divestitures of certain available-for-sale securities. Refer to   Note 3   for additional information related to these divestitures. 
               3   
    Refer to   Note 12   for additional information related to the Company's pension and other postretirement benefit liabilities. 

1   
    Refer to   Note 5   for additional information related to the net gain or loss on derivative instruments designated and qualifying as cash flow hedging instruments. 
               2   
    Includes reclassification adjustments related to divestitures of certain available-for-sale securities. Refer to   Note 3   for additional information related to these divestitures. 
               3   
    Refer to   Note 12   for additional information related to the Company's pension and other postretirement benefit liabilities. 
     
   27 

The following table presents the amounts and line items in our condensed consolidated statements of income where adjustments reclassified from AOCI into income were recorded during the   three and nine months ended     September 30, 2016   (in millions): 

1    Primarily related to the deconsolidation of our South African bottling operations and related equity investment. Refer to Note 2. 
   2    Primarily related to the deconsolidation of our German bottling operations. Refer to Note 2. 
           * 
    This component of AOCI is included in the Company's computation of net periodic benefit cost and is not reclassified out of AOCI into a single line item in our condensed consolidated statements of income in its entirety. Refer to   Note 12   for additional information. 
     
   28 

NOTE 9  :   CHANGES IN EQUITY 
  The following table provides a reconciliation of the beginning and ending carrying amounts of total equity, equity attributable to shareowners of The Coca-Cola Company and equity attributable to noncontrolling interests (in millions): 

NOTE 10  :   SIGNIFICANT OPERATING AND NONOPERATING ITEMS 
  Other Operating Charges 
  During the   three months ended     September 30, 2016  , the Company recorded other operating charges of   $222 million  . These charges primarily consisted of a charge of   $76 million   due to the write-down we recorded related to our receivables from our bottling partner in Venezuela due to changes in exchange rates and charges of   $73 million   related to costs incurred to refranchise certain of our North America bottling territories. These costs include, among other items, internal and external costs for individuals directly working on the refranchising efforts, severance and costs associated with the implementation of information technology systems to facilitate consistent data standards and availability throughout the North America bottling system. In addition, the Company recorded charges of   $59 million   due to the Company's productivity and reinvestment program. Refer to   Note 1   for additional information on the Venezuelan exchange rates and   Note 11   for additional information on the Company's productivity, integration and restructuring initiatives. Refer to   Note 15   for the impact these charges had on our operating segments. 
  During the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016  , the Company recorded other operating charges of $  830 million  . These charges primarily consisted of   $187 million   due to the Company's productivity and reinvestment program and $  240 million   due to the integration of our German bottling operations. In addition, the Company recorded charges of   $170 million   related to costs incurred to refranchise certain of our North America bottling territories. The Company also recorded a charge of   $100 million   related to a cash contribution we made to The Coca-Cola Foundation, a charge of   $76 million   due to the write-down we recorded related to our receivables from our bottling partner in Venezuela due to changes in exchange rates, and charges of   $37 million   related to noncapitalizable transaction costs associated with pending and closed transactions. Refer to   Note 11   for additional information on the Company's productivity, integration and restructuring initiatives and   Note 1   for additional information on the Venezuelan exchange rates. Refer to   Note 15   for the impact these charges had on our operating segments. 
  During the   three months ended     October 2, 2015  , the Company incurred other operating charges of   $264 million  . These charges included   $141 million   due to the Company's productivity and reinvestment program and   $75 million   due to the integration of our German bottling operations. In addition, the Company recorded an impairment charge of   $38 million   on one of the trademarks included in the glac au portfolio, primarily as a result of foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations that impacted the fair value of the asset. In addition, the Company recorded a   $3 million   impairment charge on a Venezuelan trademark. Refer to Note 11 for additional information on the Company's productivity, integration and restructuring initiatives and   Note 1   for additional information on the Venezuelan exchange rates. Refer to Note 2 for additional information on the Monster Transaction. Refer to Note 15 for the impact these charges had on our operating segments. 
  During the   nine months ended     October 2, 2015  , the Company incurred other operating charges of $  1,166 million  . These charges consisted of   $323 million   due to the Company's productivity and reinvestment program and   $204 million   due to the integration of our German bottling operations. In addition, the Company recorded impairment charges of   $418 million    
  
   29 

primarily due to the discontinuation of the energy products in the glac au portfolio as a result of the Monster Transaction and incurred a charge of   $100 million   related to a cash contribution we made to The Coca-Cola Foundation. The Company also incurred a charge of   $111 million   due to the write-down of receivables from our bottling partner in Venezuela and an impairment of a Venezuelan trademark primarily due to changes in exchange rates as a result of the establishment of the new open market exchange system. Refer to   Note 11   for additional information on the Company's productivity, integration and restructuring initiatives. Refer to   Note 2   for additional information on the Monster Transaction. Refer to   Note 1   for additional information on the Venezuelan currency conversion mechanisms. Refer to   Note 15   for the impact these charges had on our operating segments. 
  Other Nonoperating Items 
  Interest Expense 
  During the   nine months ended     October 2, 2015  , the Company recorded charges of   $320 million   due to the early extinguishment of certain long-term debt. These charges included the difference between the reacquisition price and the net carrying amount of the debt extinguished, including the impact of the related fair value hedging relationship. Refer to   Note 15   for the impact this charge had on our operating segments.  
  Equity Income (Loss)   Net 
  During the   three and nine months ended     September 30, 2016  , the Company recorded net charges of   $14 million   and   $35 million  , respectively. During the   three and nine months ended     October 2, 2015  , the Company recorded a net gain of   $3 million   and a net charge of   $79 million  , respectively. These amounts represent the Company's proportionate share of significant operating and nonoperating items recorded by certain of our equity method investees, including charges incurred by an equity method investee due to changes in the Venezuelan bolivar exchange rates. Refer to   Note 15   for the impact these items had on our operating segments. 
  Other Income (Loss)   Net 
  During the   three months ended     September 30, 2016  , the Company recognized losses of   $1,089 million   due to the refranchising of certain bottling territories in North America and a loss of   $21 million   due to the deconsolidation of our South African bottling operations in exchange for investments in CCBA and CCBA's South African subsidiary. Additionally, the Company incurred charges of   $17 million   related to payments made to convert the bottling agreements for certain North America bottling partners' territories to Final Form CBAs. Refer to   Note 2   for additional information on the North America refranchising, the deconsolidation of our South African bottling operations and the conversion payments. Refer to   Note 15   for the impact these items had on our operating segments. 
  During the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016  , the Company recognized a gain of   $1,323 million   due to the deconsolidation of our German bottling operations and a gain of   $18 million   resulting from the Company's disposal of its investment in Keurig. These gains were offset by losses of   $1,657 million   due to the refranchising of certain bottling territories in North America and a loss of   $21 million   due to the deconsolidation of our South African bottling operations in exchange for investments in CCBA and CCBA's South African subsidiary. Additionally, the Company incurred charges of   $17 million   related to payments made to convert the bottling agreements for certain North America bottling partners' territories to Final Form CBAs. Refer to   Note 2   for additional information on the deconsolidation of our German bottling operations, the Keurig investment disposal, the deconsolidation of our South African bottling operations, the North America refranchising and the conversion payments. Refer to   Note 15   for the impact these items had on our operating segments. 
  During the   three months ended     October 2, 2015  , the Company recorded charges of   $815 million   primarily due to the refranchising of certain bottling territories in North America. Refer to   Note 2   for additional information on the North America refranchising. Refer to   Note 15   for the impact these items had on our operating segments. 
  During the   nine months ended     October 2, 2015  , the Company recorded a net gain of   $1,402 million   as a result of the Monster Transaction and charges of   $848 million   primarily due to the refranchising of certain bottling territories in North America. In addition, the Company incurred charges of   $19 million   as a result of the remeasurement of our previously held equity interest in a South African bottler to fair value upon our acquisition of the bottling operations, and   $6 million   as a result of a Brazilian bottling entity's majority interest owners exercising their option to acquire from us an additional equity interest at an exercise price less than that of our carrying value. The Company recognized a foreign currency exchange gain of   $277 million   associated with our euro-denominated debt partially offset by a charge of   $27 million   due to the remeasurement of the net monetary assets of our Venezuelan subsidiary using the SIMADI exchange rate. Refer to   Note 2   for additional information related to the Monster Transaction, North America refranchising, the acquisition of the South African bottler and the sale of a portion of our interest in the Brazilian bottling entity. Refer to   Note 1   for more information related to the charge due to the remeasurement in Venezuela. Refer to   Note 15   for the impact these charges had on our operating segments. 
  
   30 

NOTE 11  :   PRODUCTIVITY, INTEGRATION AND RESTRUCTURING INITIATIVES    
  Productivity and Reinvestment 
  In February 2012, the Company announced a four-year productivity and reinvestment program designed to further enable our efforts to strengthen our brands and reinvest our resources to drive long-term profitable growth. This program is focused on the following initiatives: global supply chain optimization; global marketing and innovation effectiveness; operating expense leverage and operational excellence; data and information technology systems standardization; and the integration of Coca-Cola Enterprises Inc.'s ("Old CCE") former North America business. 
  In February 2014, the Company announced the expansion of our productivity and reinvestment program to drive incremental productivity by 2016 that will primarily be redirected into increased media investments. Our incremental productivity goal consists of two relatively equal components. First, we will expand savings through global supply chain optimization, data and information technology systems standardization, and resource and cost reallocation. Second, we will increase the effectiveness of our marketing investments by transforming our marketing and commercial model to redeploy resources into more consumer-facing marketing investments to accelerate growth. 
  In October 2014, the Company announced that we were further expanding our productivity and reinvestment program and extending it through 2019. The expansion of the productivity initiatives will focus on four key areas: restructuring the Company's global supply chain, including manufacturing in North America; implementing zero-based work, an evolution of zero-based budget principles, across the organization; streamlining and simplifying the Company's operating model; and further driving increased discipline and efficiency in direct marketing investments. 
  The Company has incurred total pretax expenses of $  2,243 million   related to this program since it commenced. These expenses were recorded in the line item other operating charges in our condensed consolidated statements of income. Refer to   Note 15   for the impact these charges had on our operating segments. Outside services reported in the table below primarily relate to expenses in connection with legal, outplacement and consulting activities. Other direct costs reported in the table below include, among other items, internal and external costs associated with the development, communication, administration and implementation of these initiatives; accelerated depreciation on certain fixed assets; contract termination fees; and relocation costs. 
  The following table summarizes the balance of accrued expenses related to these productivity and reinvestment initiatives and the changes in the accrued amounts as of and for the   three months ended     September 30, 2016   (in millions): 

The following table summarizes the balance of accrued expenses related to these productivity and reinvestment initiatives and the changes in the accrued amounts as of and for the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016   (in millions): 

31 

Integration of Our German Bottling Operations 
  In 2008, the Company began the integration of our German bottling operations acquired in 2007. The Company incurred expenses of   $240 million   related to this initiative during the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   and has incurred total pretax expenses of $  1,367 million   related to this initiative since it commenced. These charges were recorded in the line item other operating charges in our condensed consolidated statements of income and impacted the Bottling Investments operating segment. The expenses recorded in connection with these integration activities were primarily due to involuntary terminations. The Company had $  122 million   accrued related to these integration costs as of   December 31, 2015  . During the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , the Company deconsolidated our German bottling operations. Therefore, there was no remaining accrual balance as of   September 30, 2016  . Refer to Note 2. 
   
  NOTE 12  :   PENSION AND OTHER POSTRETIREMENT BENEFIT PLANS    
  Net periodic benefit cost for our pension and other postretirement benefit plans consisted of the following (in millions): 

1        The special termination benefits were primarily related to North America refranchising and the Company's productivity, restructuring and integration initiatives. Refer to Note 2 and   Note 11  . 
  During the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016  , the Company contributed $  519 million   to our pension plans, and we anticipate making additional contributions of approximately $  180 million   during the remainder of 2016. The Company contributed $  92 million   to our pension plans during the   nine months ended     October 2, 2015  . 
  
   32 

NOTE 13  :   INCOME TAXES 
  Our effective tax rate reflects the benefits of having significant operations outside the United States, which are generally taxed at rates lower than the U.S. statutory rate of   35 percent  . As a result of employment actions and capital investments made by the Company, certain tax jurisdictions provide income tax incentive grants, including Brazil, Costa Rica, Singapore and Swaziland. The terms of these grants expire from   2016   to   2027  . We anticipate that we will be able to extend or renew the grants in these locations. In addition, our effective tax rate reflects the benefits of having significant earnings generated in investments accounted for under the equity method of accounting, which are generally taxed at rates lower than the U.S. statutory rate. 
  At the end of each interim period, we make our best estimate of the effective tax rate expected to be applicable for the full fiscal year. This estimate reflects, among other items, our best estimate of operating results and foreign currency exchange rates. Based on current tax laws, the Company's estimated effective tax rate for   2016   is   22.5 percent  . However, in arriving at this estimate we do not include the estimated impact of significant operating and nonoperating items, which may cause significant variations in the customary relationship between income tax expense and income before income taxes. 
  On September 17, 2015, the Company received a Statutory Notice of Deficiency from the IRS for the tax years 2007 through 2009, after a five-year audit. Refer to   Note 7  . 
  The Company recorded income tax expense of   $378 million   (  26.5 percent   effective tax rate) and   $272 million   (  15.8 percent   effective tax rate) during the   three months ended     September 30, 2016   and   October 2, 2015  , respectively. The Company recorded income tax expense of   $1,618 million   (  21.2 percent   effective tax rate) and   $1,937 million   (  24.0 percent   effective tax rate) during the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016   and   October 2, 2015  , respectively.  
  As of   September 30, 2016  , the gross amount of unrecognized tax benefits was   $343 million  . If the Company were to prevail on all uncertain tax positions, the net effect would be a benefit to the Company's effective tax rate of $  183 million  , exclusive of any benefits related to interest and penalties. The remaining $  160 million  , which was recorded as a deferred tax asset, primarily represents tax benefits that would be received in different tax jurisdictions in the event the Company did not prevail on all uncertain tax positions. 
  A reconciliation of the changes in the gross amount of unrecognized tax benefits is as follows (in millions): 
                         
    Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 

Beginning balance of unrecognized tax benefits 
    $ 
    168 

Increase related to prior period tax positions 
    160 
      
     1   
      Increase related to current period tax positions 
    13 

Decrease related to settlements with taxing authorities 
    (1 
    ) 
      
      Increase (decrease) due to effect of foreign currency exchange rate changes 
    3 

Ending balance of unrecognized tax benefits 
    $ 
    343 

1   
    The increase is primarily related to a change in judgment about one of the Company s tax positions as a result of receiving notification of a preliminary settlement of a Competent Authority matter with a foreign jurisdiction. This change in position did not have a material impact on the Company's condensed consolidated statement of income during the nine months ended September 30, 2016, as it was partially offset by refunds to be received from the foreign jurisdiction. 
     The Company recognizes accrued interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits in income tax expense. The Company had   $148 million   and   $111 million   in interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits accrued as of   September 30, 2016   and December 31, 2015, respectively. If the Company were to prevail on all uncertain tax positions, the reversal of this accrual would also be a benefit to the Company's effective tax rate. 

33 

The following table illustrates the income tax expense (benefit) associated with significant operating and nonoperating items for the interim periods presented (in millions): 

1   
    Related to charges of   $59 million   and   $187 million   during the   three and nine months ended     September 30, 2016  , respectively. These charges were due to the Company's productivity and reinvestment program. Refer to   Note 10   and   Note 11  . 
               2   
    Related to charges of   $240 million   during the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016  . These charges were due to the integration of our German bottling operations. Refer to   Note 10   and   Note 11  . 
               3   
    Related to a net charge of   $1,204 million   that primarily consisted of charges related to   $1,089 million   of losses due to the refranchising of bottling territories in North America,   $73 million   related to costs incurred to refranchise our North America bottling territories, charges of   $17 million   related to payments made to convert the bottling agreements for certain North America bottling partners' territories to Final Form CBAs, a loss of   $21 million   related to the deconsolidation of our South African bottling operations and the   $80 million   tax impact resulting from the accrual of tax on temporary differences related to the investment in foreign subsidiaries that are now expected to reverse in the foreseeable future. Refer to Note 2 and   Note 10  . 
               4   
    Related to a net charge of   $561 million   that primarily consisted of charges related to   $1,657 million   of losses due to the refranchising of bottling territories in North America,   $170 million   related to costs incurred to refranchise our North America bottling territories, charges of   $17 million   related to payments made to convert the bottling agreements for certain North America bottling partners' territories to Final Form CBAs, a loss of   $21 million   related to the deconsolidation of our South African bottling operations and the   $80 million   tax impact resulting from the accrual of tax on temporary differences related to the investment in foreign subsidiaries that are now expected to reverse in the foreseeable future. These charges are partially offset by a   $1,288 million   net gain related to the deconsolidation of our German bottling operations and an   $18 million   net gain related to the disposal of our investment in Keurig. Refer to Note 2 and   Note 10  . 
               5   
    Primarily related to amounts required to be recorded for changes to our uncertain tax positions, including interest and penalties. The components of the net change in uncertain tax positions were individually insignificant. 
               6   
    Related to charges of   $99 million   that included a   $76 million   charge due to the write-down we recorded related to receivables from our bottling partner in Venezuela, a   $14 million   charge due to our proportionate share of significant operating and nonoperating items recorded by certain of our equity method investees and a   $9 million   charge due to tax litigation expense. Refer to   Note 10  . 
               7   
    Related to charges of   $230 million   that included a   $100 million   cash contribution to The Coca-Cola Foundation, a   $76 million   charge due to the write-down we recorded related to receivables from our bottling partner in Venezuela, a   $35 million   charge due to our proportionate share of significant operating and nonoperating items recorded by certain of our equity method investees and a   $19 million   charge due to tax litigation expense. Refer to   Note 10  . 
               8   
    Related to charges of   $141 million   and   $323 million   during the   three and nine months ended     October 2, 2015  , respectively. These charges were due to the Company's productivity and reinvestment program. Refer to Note 10 and Note 11. 
               9   
    Related to charges of   $75 million   and   $204 million   during the   three and nine months ended     October 2, 2015  , respectively. These charges were due to the integration of our German bottling operations. Refer to Note 10 and Note 11. 
               10   
    Related to a net charge of   $859 million   that included   $815 million   of charges primarily due to the refranchising of bottling territories in North America and a   $38 million   charge due to the impairment of certain trademark assets. Refer to Note 2 and Note 10. 
               11   
    Related to a net gain of   $102 million   that primarily consisted of a   $1,402 million   net gain related to the Monster Transaction, partially offset by a   $418 million   charge due to the impairment of certain trademark assets,   $848 million   of charges due to the refranchising of bottling territories in North America, a   $6 million   additional charge related to the sale of a portion of our equity investment in a Brazilian bottling entity, and a   $19 million   charge related to the remeasurement of our equity interest in a South African bottler to fair value. Refer to Note 2 and Note 10. 
               12   
    Primarily related to amounts required to be recorded for changes to our uncertain tax positions, including interest and penalties. The components of the net change in uncertain tax positions were individually insignificant. 
               13   
    Primarily related to prior year audit settlements and amounts to be recorded for changes to our uncertain tax positions, including interest and penalties. The components of the net change in the uncertain tax positions were individually insignificant. 
               14   
    Related to charges of   $639 million   that primarily consisted of a   $100 million   cash contribution to The Coca-Cola Foundation,   $320 million   associated with the early extinguishment of long-term debt,   $27 million   due to the remeasurement of the net monetary assets of our Venezuelan subsidiary into U.S. dollars using the SIMADI exchange rate,   $111 million   due to the write-down we recorded related to receivables from our bottling partner in Venezuela and an impairment of a Venezuelan trademark, and   $79 million   due to our proportionate share of significant operating and nonoperating items recorded by certain of our equity method investees. Refer to Note 1 and Note 10. 
     
   34 

The Company evaluates the recoverability of our deferred tax assets in accordance with U.S. GAAP. We perform our recoverability tests on a quarterly basis, or more frequently, to determine whether it is more likely than not that any of our deferred tax assets will not be realized within their life cycle based on the available evidence. The Company's deferred tax valuation allowances are primarily a result of uncertainties regarding the future realization of recorded tax benefits on tax loss carryforwards from operations in various jurisdictions. 
   
  NOTE 14  :   FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS 
  Accounting principles generally accepted in the United States define fair value as the exchange price that would be received for an asset or paid to transfer a liability (an exit price) in the principal or most advantageous market for the asset or liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. Additionally, the inputs used to measure fair value are prioritized based on a three-level hierarchy. This hierarchy requires entities to maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs. The three levels of inputs used to measure fair value are as follows: 
             
    Level 1   Quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities. 
                
    Level 2   Observable inputs other than quoted prices included in Level 1. We value assets and liabilities included in this level using dealer and broker quotations, certain pricing models, bid prices, quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets, or other inputs that are observable or can be corroborated by observable market data. 
                
    Level 3   Unobservable inputs that are supported by little or no market activity and that are significant to the fair value of the assets or liabilities. This includes certain pricing models, discounted cash flow methodologies and similar techniques that use significant unobservable inputs. 
     Recurring Fair Value Measurements 
  In accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States, certain assets and liabilities are required to be recorded at fair value on a recurring basis. For our Company, the only assets and liabilities that are adjusted to fair value on a recurring basis are investments in equity and debt securities classified as trading or available-for-sale and derivative financial instruments. Additionally, the Company adjusts the carrying value of certain long-term debt as a result of the Company's fair value hedging strategy. 
  Investments in Trading and Available-for-Sale Securities 
  The fair values of our investments in trading and available-for-sale securities using quoted market prices from daily exchange traded markets are based on the closing price as of the balance sheet date and are classified as Level 1. The fair values of our investments in trading and available-for-sale securities classified as Level 2 are priced using quoted market prices for similar instruments or non-binding market prices that are corroborated by observable market data. Inputs into these valuation techniques include actual trade data, benchmark yields, broker/dealer quotes and other similar data. These inputs are obtained from quoted market prices, independent pricing vendors or other sources. 
  Derivative Financial Instruments 
  The fair values of our futures contracts are primarily determined using quoted contract prices on futures exchange markets. The fair values of these instruments are based on the closing contract price as of the balance sheet date and are classified as Level 1. 
  The fair values of our derivative instruments other than futures are determined using standard valuation models. The significant inputs used in these models are readily available in public markets, or can be derived from observable market transactions, and therefore have been classified as Level 2. Inputs used in these standard valuation models for derivative instruments other than futures include the applicable exchange rates, forward rates, interest rates, discount rates and commodity prices. The standard valuation model for options also uses implied volatility as an additional input. The discount rates are based on the historical U.S. Deposit or U.S. Treasury rates, and the implied volatility specific to options is based on quoted rates from financial institutions. 
  Included in the fair value of derivative instruments is an adjustment for nonperformance risk. The adjustment is based on current credit default swap ("CDS") rates applied to each contract, by counterparty. We use our counterparty's CDS rate when we are in an asset position and our own CDS rate when we are in a liability position. The adjustment for nonperformance risk did not have a significant impact on the estimated fair value of our derivative instruments. 
  
   35 

The following table summarizes those assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis as of   September 30, 2016   (in millions):   

            1   
    Refer to   Note 3   for additional information related to the composition of our trading securities and available-for-sale securities. 
      2        Refer to   Note 5   for additional information related to the composition of our derivative portfolio. 
   3    Primarily related to long-term debt securities that mature in 2018. 
            4   
    Certain investments that are measured at fair value using the net asset value per share (or its equivalent) practical expedient have not been categorized in the fair value hierarchy but are included to reconcile to the amounts presented in   Note 3  . 
      5        Amounts represent the impact of legally enforceable master netting agreements that allow the Company to settle positive and negative positions and also cash collateral held or placed with the same counterparties. There are no amounts subject to legally enforceable master netting agreements that management has chosen not to offset or that do not meet the offsetting requirements. Refer to   Note 5  . 
   6        The Company is obligated to return   $223 million   in cash collateral it has netted against its net asset derivative position. 
            7   
    The Company's derivative financial instruments are recorded at fair value in our condensed consolidated balance sheets as follows: $  401 million   in the line item other assets;   $9 million   in the line item accounts payable and accrued expenses; and $  110 million   in the line item other liabilities. Refer to   Note 5   for additional information related to the composition of our derivative portfolio. 
     The following table summarizes those assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis as of   December 31, 2015   (in millions): 

1   
    Refer to   Note 3   for additional information related to the composition of our trading securities and available-for-sale securities. 
      2    Refer to   Note 5   for additional information related to the composition of our derivative portfolio. 
   3        Primarily related to long-term debt securities that mature in 2018. 
            4   
    Certain investments that are measured at fair value using the net asset value per share (or its equivalent) practical expedient have not been categorized in the fair value hierarchy but are included to reconcile to the amounts presented in   Note 3  . 
      5        Amounts represent the impact of legally enforceable master netting agreements that allow the Company to settle positive and negative positions and also cash collateral held or placed with the same counterparties. There are no amounts subject to legally enforceable master netting agreements that management has chosen not to offset or that do not meet the offsetting requirements. Refer to   Note 5  . 
   6        The Company is obligated to return   $184 million   in cash collateral it has netted against its derivative position. 
            7   
    The Company has the right to reclaim   $17 million   in cash collateral it has netted against its derivative position. 
               8   
    The Company's derivative financial instruments are recorded at fair value in our condensed consolidated balance sheets as follows: $  79 million   in the line item prepaid expenses and other assets; $  553 million   in the line item other assets; and $  171 million   in the line item other liabilities. Refer to   Note 5   for additional information related to the composition of our derivative portfolio. 
     Gross realized and unrealized gains and losses on Level 3 assets and liabilities were not significant for the   three and nine months ended     September 30, 2016   and   October 2, 2015  . 
  
   36 

The Company recognizes transfers between levels within the hierarchy as of the beginning of the reporting period. Gross transfers between levels within the hierarchy were not significant for the   three and nine months ended     September 30, 2016   and   October 2, 2015  . 
  Nonrecurring Fair Value Measurements 
  In addition to assets and liabilities that are recorded at fair value on a recurring basis, the Company records assets and liabilities at fair value on a nonrecurring basis as required by accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. Generally, assets are recorded at fair value on a nonrecurring basis as a result of impairment charges. 
  The gains or losses on assets measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis are summarized in the table below (in millions): 

1   
    The Company is required to record assets and liabilities that are held for sale at the lower of carrying value or fair value less any costs to sell based on the agreed-upon sale price. These losses related to refranchising activities in North America, which were calculated based on Level 3 inputs. Refer to Note 2. 
               2   
    The Company recognized a loss of   $41 million  , which included a   $38 million   impairment charge on one of the trademarks in the glac au portfolio and a   $3 million   impairment charge on a Venezuelan trademark. These losses were derived using a discounted cash flow analysis based on Level 3 inputs. Refer to Note 1, Note 2 and Note 10. 
               3   
    The Company recognized a loss of   $473 million  , which included   $418 million   of impairment charges primarily due to the discontinuation of the energy products in the glac au portfolio as a result of the Monster Transaction and a   $55 million   impairment charge on a Venezuelan trademark. The charges were primarily determined by comparing the fair value of the assets to the current carrying value. The fair value of the assets was derived using discounted cash flow analyses based on Level 3 inputs. Refer to Note 1, Note 2 and Note 10. 
               4   
    The Company recognized a loss of   $19 million   on our previously held investment in a South African bottler, which had been accounted for under the equity method of accounting prior to our acquisition of the bottler in February 2015. U.S. GAAP requires the acquirer to remeasure its previously held noncontrolling equity interest in the acquired entity to fair value as of the acquisition date and recognize any gains or losses in earnings. The Company remeasured our equity interest in the South African bottler based on Level 3 inputs. Refer to Note 2 and Note 10. 
               5   
    The Company recognized a loss of   $6 million   as a result of the owners of the majority interest in a Brazilian bottling entity exercising their option to acquire from us a   10 percent   interest in the entity's outstanding shares. The exercise price was lower than our carrying value. This loss was determined using Level 3 inputs. Refer to Note 10. 
     Other Fair Value Disclosures 
  The carrying amounts of cash and cash equivalents; short-term investments; receivables; accounts payable and accrued expenses; and loans and notes payable approximate their fair values because of the relatively short-term maturities of these instruments. 
  The fair value of our long-term debt is estimated using Level 2 inputs based on quoted prices for those instruments. Where quoted prices are not available, fair value is estimated using discounted cash flows and market-based expectations for interest rates, credit risk and the contractual terms of the debt instruments. As of   September 30, 2016  , the carrying amount and fair value of our long-term debt, including the current portion, were $  35,136 million   and $  36,658 million  , respectively. As of   December 31, 2015  , the carrying amount and fair value of our long-term debt, including the current portion, were $  30,987 million   and $  31,308 million  , respectively. 
   
  NOTE 15  :   OPERATING SEGMENTS    
  Effective January 1, 2016, we transferred CCR's bottling and associated supply chain operations in the United States and Canada from our North America segment to our Bottling Investments segment. Additionally, effective August 1, 2016, the Company formed a new Europe, Middle East and Africa operating group consisting of the business units that were previously included in the Europe and the Eurasia and Africa operating groups. As a result, our organizational structure consists of the following operating segments: Europe, Middle East and Africa; Latin America; North America; Asia Pacific; Bottling Investments; and Corporate. Accordingly, all prior period segment information presented herein has been revised to reflect these changes in our organizational structure. 
  
   37 

Information about our Company's operations as of and for the   three months ended     September 30, 2016   and   October 2, 2015   by operating segment is as follows (in millions): 

During the   three months ended     September 30, 2016  , the results of our operating segments were impacted by the following items: 
             
    Operating income (loss) and income (loss) before income taxes were reduced by   $2 million   for Europe, Middle East and Africa, $  22 million   for North America, $  22 million   for Bottling Investments and $  14 million   for Corporate due to the Company's productivity and reinvestment program as well as other restructuring initiatives. Operating income (loss) and income (loss) before income taxes were increased by   $1 million   for Latin America due to the refinement of previously established accruals related to the Company's productivity and reinvestment program. Refer to   Note 10   and   Note 11   for additional information on each of the Company's productivity, restructuring and integration initiatives. 
                
    Operating income (loss) and income (loss) before income taxes were reduced by   $76 million   for Latin America due to the write-down we recorded related to our receivables from our bottling partner in Venezuela due to changes in exchange rates. Refer to Note 1. 
                
    Operating income (loss) and income (loss) before income taxes were reduced by   $73 million   for Bottling Investments due to costs incurred to refranchise certain of our North America bottling territories. Refer to   Note 10  . 
                
    Income (loss) before income taxes was reduced by   $14 million   for Bottling Investments due to the Company's proportionate share of significant operating and nonoperating items recorded by certain of our equity method investees. Refer to   Note 10  . 
                
    Income (loss) before income taxes was reduced by   $17 million   for North America related to payments made to convert the bottling agreements for certain North America bottling partners' territories to Final Form CBAs. Refer to Note 2. 
                
    Income (loss) before income taxes was reduced by   $1,089 million   for Bottling Investments primarily due to the refranchising of certain bottling territories in North America. Refer to Note 2 and   Note 10  . 
                
    Income (loss) before income taxes was reduced by   $21 million   for Corporate due to the deconsolidation of our South African bottling operations in exchange for investments in CCBA and CCBA's South African subsidiary. Refer to Note 2. 
     
   38 

During the   three months ended     October 2, 2015  , the results of our operating segments were impacted by the following items: 
             
    Operating income (loss) and income (loss) before income taxes were reduced by   $4 million   for Latin America, $  31 million   for North America,   $2 million   for Asia Pacific, $  151 million   for Bottling Investments and $  29 million   for Corporate due to the Company's productivity and reinvestment program as well as other restructuring initiatives. Operating income (loss) and income (loss) before income taxes were increased by   $1 million   for Europe, Middle East and Africa due to the refinement of previously established accruals related to the Company's productivity and reinvestment program. Refer to   Note 10   and   Note 11  . 
                
    Operating income (loss) and income (loss) before income taxes were reduced by   $48 million   for Corporate primarily due to impairment charges on certain of the Company's intangible assets. Refer to   Note 10   and   Note 14  . 
                
    Income (loss) before income taxes was reduced by   $794 million   for Bottling Investments and   $21 million   for Corporate primarily due to the refranchising of certain bottling territories in North America. Refer to Note 2 and   Note 10  . 
                
    Income (loss) before income taxes was increased by   $3 million   for Europe, Middle East and Africa due to the Company's proportionate share of significant operating and nonoperating items recorded by certain of our equity method investees. Refer to   Note 10  . 
     Information about our Company's operations for the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016   and   October 2, 2015   by operating segment is as follows (in millions): 

During the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016  , the results of our operating segments were impacted by the following items: 
             
    Operating income (loss) and income (loss) before income taxes were reduced by   $6 million   for Europe, Middle East and Africa, $  80 million   for North America, $  1 million   for Asia Pacific, $  300 million   for Bottling Investments and $  42 million   for Corporate due to the Company's productivity and reinvestment program as well as other restructuring initiatives. Operating income (loss) and income (loss) before income taxes were increased by   $2 million   for Latin America due to the refinement of previously established accruals related to the Company's productivity and reinvestment program. Refer to   Note 10   and   Note 11   for additional information on each of the Company's productivity, restructuring and integration initiatives. 
                
    Operating income (loss) and income (loss) before income taxes were reduced by   $76 million   for Latin America due to the write-down we recorded related to our receivables from our bottling partner in Venezuela due to changes in exchange rates. Refer to Note 1. 
                
    Operating income (loss) and income (loss) before income taxes were reduced by   $170 million   for Bottling Investments due to costs incurred to refranchise certain of our North America bottling territories. Refer to   Note 10  . 
                
    Operating income (loss) and income (loss) before income taxes were reduced by   $8 million   for Bottling Investments and   $29 million   for Corporate related to noncapitalizable transaction costs associated with pending and closed transactions. Refer to   Note 10  . 
     
   39 

Operating income (loss) and income (loss) before income taxes were reduced by   $100 million   for Corporate as a result of a cash contribution to The Coca-Cola Foundation. Refer to   Note 10  . 
                
    Income (loss) before income taxes was reduced by   $32 million   for Bottling Investments and   $3 million   for Corporate due to the Company's proportionate share of significant operating and nonoperating items recorded by certain of our equity method investees. Refer to   Note 10  . 
                
    Income (loss) before income taxes was reduced by   $17 million   for North America related to payments made to convert the bottling agreements for certain North America bottling partners' territories to Final Form CBAs. Refer to Note 2. 
                
    Income (loss) before income taxes was reduced by   $1,657 million   for Bottling Investments primarily due to the refranchising of certain bottling territories in North America. Refer to Note 2 and   Note 10  . 
                
    Income (loss) before income taxes was increased by   $1,323 million   for Corporate as a result of the deconsolidation of our German bottling operations. Refer to Note 2. 
                
    Income (loss) before income taxes was increased by   $18 million   for Corporate as a result of the disposal of our investment in Keurig. Refer to Note 2. 
                
    Income (loss) before income taxes was reduced by   $21 million   for Corporate due to the deconsolidation of our South African bottling operations in exchange for investments in CCBA and CCBA's South African subsidiary. Refer to Note 2. 
     During the   nine months ended     October 2, 2015  , the results of our operating segments were impacted by the following items: 
             
    Operating income (loss) and income (loss) before income taxes were reduced by   $3 million   for Europe, Middle East and Africa,   $7 million   for Latin America, $  104 million   for North America, $  361 million   for Bottling Investments and $  53 million   for Corporate due to the Company's productivity and reinvestment program as well as other restructuring initiatives. Operating income (loss) and income (loss) before income taxes were increased by   $1 million   for Asia Pacific due to the refinement of previously established accruals related to the Company's productivity and reinvestment program. Refer to   Note 10   and   Note 11  . 
                
    Operating income (loss) and income (loss) before income taxes were reduced by   $418 million   for Corporate due to an impairment charge primarily related to the discontinuation of the energy products in the glac au portfolio as a result of the Monster Transaction. Refer to Note 2 and   Note 10  . 
                
    Operating income (loss) and income (loss) before income taxes were reduced by   $100 million   for Corporate as a result of a cash contribution to The Coca-Cola Foundation. Refer to   Note 10  . 
                
    Income (loss) before income taxes was increased by   $1,402 million   for Corporate as a result of the Monster Transaction. Refer to Note 2 and   Note 10  . 
                
    Income (loss) before income taxes was reduced by   $827 million   for Bottling Investments and   $21 million   for Corporate primarily due to the refranchising of certain bottling territories in North America. Refer to Note 2 and   Note 10  . 
                
    Income (loss) before income taxes was reduced by   $320 million   for Corporate due to charges the Company recognized on the early extinguishment of debt. Refer to   Note 10  . 
                
    Income (loss) before income taxes was reduced by   $33 million   for Latin America and   $105 million   for Corporate due to the remeasurement of the net monetary assets of our local Venezuelan subsidiary into U.S. dollars using the SIMADI exchange rate, an impairment of a Venezuelan trademark and a write-down the Company recorded on receivables from our bottling partner in Venezuela. Refer to Note 1 and   Note 10  . 
                
    Income (loss) before income taxes was reduced by   $19 million   for Corporate as a result of the remeasurement of our previously held equity interest in a South African bottler to fair value upon our acquisition of the bottling operations. Refer to Note 2 and   Note 10  . 
                
    Income (loss) before income taxes was reduced by   $6 million   for Corporate as a result of a Brazilian bottling entity's majority interest owners exercising their option to acquire from us an additional equity interest at an exercise price less than that of our carrying value. Refer to   Note 10  . 
                
    Income (loss) before income taxes was reduced by   $3 million   for Europe, Middle East and Africa and   $76 million   for Bottling Investments due to the Company's proportionate share of significant operating and nonoperating items recorded by certain of our equity method investees. Refer to   Note 10  . 
     
   40 

NOTE 16  :   SUBSEQUENT EVENTS 
  Coca-Cola Beverages Africa Limited  
  In October 2016, Anheuser-Busch InBev ("ABI") acquired SABMiller plc, including its controlling interest in CCBA. Subsequently, the Company announced that it has chosen to exercise its contractual right to acquire ABI's controlling interest in CCBA at fair value in order to implement our long-term strategic plan in CCBA's territories with other partners. The Company will negotiate the terms of the transaction with ABI according to the contractual parameters. The transaction is subject to regulatory approval. The Company will also negotiate with potential partners to refranchise CCBA as soon as practical following regulatory approval of the transaction with ABI. 
  North America Refranchising 
  In October 2016, additional bottling territories in North America met the criteria to be classified as held for sale. Therefore, we are required to record the related assets and liabilities at the lower of carrying value or fair value less any costs to sell based on the estimated sale prices, which will result in an estimated loss of $  248 million   in the fourth quarter of 2016. This loss is primarily related to the write-down of intangible assets due to the accounting treatment for the contingent consideration that will be received in exchange for the grant of the exclusive territory rights. The Company expects these territories to be refranchised at various times throughout 2016 and 2017. Refer to Note 2 for additional information about North America refranchising. 
  The following table presents information related to the major classes of assets and liabilities related to these additional territories, which are included in the Bottling Investments operating segment (in millions): 
                     Inventories 
    $ 
    39 
      
      Prepaid expenses and other assets 
    6 
      
      Other assets 
    1 
      
      Property, plant and equipment   net 
    231 
      
      Bottlers' franchise rights with indefinite lives 
    180 
      
      Goodwill 
    61 
      
      Other intangible assets 
    9 
      
      Allowance for reduction of assets held for sale 
    (248 
    ) 
      Total assets 
    $ 
    279 
      
      Accounts payable and accrued expenses 
    $ 
    15 
      
      Deferred income taxes 
    66 
      
      Total liabilities 
    $ 
    81 

41 

Item 2.  Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
  When used in this report, the terms "The Coca-Cola Company," "Company," "we," "us" and "our" mean The Coca-Cola Company and all entities included in our condensed consolidated financial statements. 
   
  CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ESTIMATES 
  Recoverability of Current and Noncurrent Assets 
  Our Company faces many uncertainties and risks related to various economic, political and regulatory environments in the countries in which we operate, particularly in developing and emerging markets. Refer to the heading "Item 1A. Risk Factors" in Part I and "Our Business   Challenges and Risks" in Part II of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015  . As a result, management must make numerous assumptions that involve a significant amount of judgment when performing recoverability and impairment tests of noncurrent assets in various regions around the world. 
  We perform recoverability and impairment tests of noncurrent assets in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States ("U.S. GAAP"). For certain assets, recoverability and/or impairment tests are required only when conditions exist that indicate the carrying value may not be recoverable. For other assets, impairment tests are required at least annually, or more frequently if events or circumstances indicate that an asset may be impaired. 
  Our equity method investees also perform such recoverability and/or impairment tests. If an impairment charge is recorded by one of our equity method investees, the Company records its proportionate share of the charge as a reduction of equity income (loss)   net in our condensed consolidated statement of income. However, the actual amount we record with respect to our proportionate share of such charges may be impacted by items such as basis differences, deferred taxes and deferred gains. 
  Investments in Equity and Debt Securities 
  Investments classified as trading securities are not assessed for impairment, since they are carried at fair value with the change in fair value included in net income. We review our investments in equity and debt securities that are accounted for using the equity method or cost method or that are classified as available-for-sale or held-to-maturity each reporting period to determine whether a significant event or change in circumstances has occurred that may have an adverse effect on the fair value of each investment. When such events or changes occur, we evaluate the estimated fair value compared to our cost basis in the investment. We also perform this evaluation every reporting period for each investment for which our cost basis has exceeded the fair value. The fair values of most of our Company's investments in publicly traded companies are often readily available based on quoted market prices. For investments in nonpublicly traded companies, management's assessment of fair value is based on valuation methodologies, including discounted cash flows, estimates of sales proceeds, and appraisals, as appropriate. We consider the assumptions that we believe hypothetical marketplace participants would use in evaluating estimated future cash flows when employing the discounted cash flow or estimates of sales proceeds valuation methodologies. The ability to accurately predict future cash flows, especially in emerging and developing markets, may impact the determination of fair value. 
  In the event the fair value of an investment declines below our cost basis, management is required to determine if the decline in fair value is other than temporary. If management determines the decline is other than temporary, an impairment charge is recorded. Management's assessment as to the nature of a decline in fair value is based on, among other things, the length of time and the extent to which the market value has been less than our cost basis, the financial condition and near-term prospects of the issuer, and our intent and ability to retain the investment for a period of time sufficient to allow for any anticipated recovery in market value. 
  
   42 

The following table presents the difference between estimated fair values, based on quoted closing prices of publicly traded shares, and our Company's cost basis in investments in publicly traded companies accounted for under the equity method (in millions): 

As of   September 30, 2016  , gross unrealized gains and losses on available-for-sale securities were $  597 million   and $  50 million  , respectively. Management assessed each of the available-for-sale securities that were in a gross unrealized loss position on an individual basis to determine if the decline in fair value was other than temporary. As a result of these assessments, management determined that the decline in fair value of these investments was not other than temporary and did not record any impairment charges. We will continue to monitor these investments in future periods. Refer to   Note 3   of Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
  Goodwill, Trademarks and Other Intangible Assets 
  Intangible assets are classified into one of three categories: (1) intangible assets with definite lives subject to amortization, (2) intangible assets with indefinite lives not subject to amortization and (3) goodwill. For intangible assets with definite lives, tests for impairment must be performed if conditions exist that indicate the carrying value may not be recoverable. For intangible assets with indefinite lives and goodwill, tests for impairment must be performed at least annually or more frequently if events or circumstances indicate that an asset might be impaired. 
  Management's assessments of the recoverability and impairment tests of intangible assets involve critical accounting estimates. These estimates require significant management judgment, include inherent uncertainties, and are often interdependent; therefore, they do not change in isolation. Factors that management must estimate include, among others, the economic life of the asset, sales volume, pricing, cost of raw materials, delivery costs, inflation, cost of capital, marketing spending, foreign currency exchange rates, tax rates, capital spending and proceeds from the sale of assets. These factors are even more difficult to predict when global financial markets are highly volatile. The estimates we use when assessing the recoverability of definite-lived intangible assets are consistent with those we use in our internal planning. When performing impairment tests of indefinite-lived intangible assets, we estimate the fair values of the assets using management's best assumptions, which we believe would be consistent with what a hypothetical marketplace participant would use. Estimates and assumptions used in these tests are evaluated and updated as appropriate. The variability of these factors depends on a number of conditions, including uncertainty about future events, and thus our accounting estimates may change from period to period. If other assumptions and estimates had been used when these tests were performed, impairment charges could have resulted. As mentioned above, these factors do not change in isolation and, therefore, we do not believe it is practicable or meaningful to present the impact of changing a single factor. Furthermore, if management uses different assumptions or if different conditions exist in future periods, future impairment charges could result. Refer to the heading "Operations Review" below for additional information related to our present business environment. Certain factors discussed above are impacted by our current business environment and are discussed throughout this report, as appropriate.   
  Intangible assets acquired in recent transactions are naturally more susceptible to impairment, primarily due to the fact that they are recorded at fair value based on recent operating plans and macroeconomic conditions present at the time of acquisition. Consequently, if operating results and/or macroeconomic conditions deteriorate shortly after an acquisition, it could result in the impairment of the acquired assets. A deterioration of macroeconomic conditions may not only negatively impact the estimated operating cash flows used in our cash flow models but may also negatively impact other assumptions used in our analyses, including, but not limited to, the estimated cost of capital and/or discount rates. Additionally, as discussed above, in accordance with U.S. GAAP, we are required to ensure that assumptions used to determine fair value in our analyses are consistent with the assumptions a hypothetical marketplace participant would use. As a result, the cost of capital and/or discount rates used in our analyses may increase or decrease based on market conditions and trends, regardless of whether our Company's actual cost of capital has changed. Therefore, if the cost of capital and/or discount rates change, our Company may  
  
   43 

recognize an impairment of an intangible asset in spite of realizing actual cash flows that are approximately equal to, or greater than, our previously forecasted amounts. 
  The Company did not record any significant impairment charges related to intangible assets during the   three and nine months ended     September 30, 2016  . During the   nine months ended October 2, 2015  , the Company recorded an impairment charge of $418 million due to the discontinuation of the energy products in the glac au portfolio as a result of the transaction with Monster Beverage Corporation ("Monster"), discussed further below, and an impairment charge of $55 million related to the impairment of a Venezuelan trademark. The Venezuelan trademark impairment was due to the Company's revised expectations regarding the convertibility of the local currency. These charges were recorded in our Corporate operating segment in the line item other operating charges in our condensed consolidated statement of income and were determined by comparing the fair value of the trademarks, derived using discounted cash flow analyses, to the respective carrying value. 
  We perform impairment tests of goodwill at our reporting unit level, which is one level below our operating segments. Our operating segments are primarily based on geographic responsibility, which is consistent with the way management runs our business. Our operating segments are subdivided into smaller geographic regions or territories that we sometimes refer to as "business units." These business units are also our reporting units. The Bottling Investments operating segment includes all Company-owned or consolidated bottling operations, regardless of geographic location. Generally, each Company-owned or consolidated bottling operation within our Bottling Investments operating segment is its own reporting unit. Goodwill is assigned to the reporting unit or units that benefit from the synergies arising from each business combination. 
  The goodwill impairment test consists of a two-step process, if necessary. The first step is to compare the fair value of a reporting unit to its carrying value, including goodwill. We typically use discounted cash flow models to determine the fair value of a reporting unit. The assumptions used in these models are consistent with those we believe hypothetical marketplace participants would use. If the fair value of the reporting unit is less than its carrying value, the second step of the impairment test must be performed in order to determine the amount of impairment loss, if any. The second step compares the implied fair value of the reporting unit's goodwill with the carrying amount of that goodwill. If the carrying amount of the reporting unit's goodwill exceeds its implied fair value, an impairment charge is recognized in an amount equal to that excess. The loss recognized cannot exceed the carrying amount of goodwill. 
  As of   September 30, 2016  , we did not have any reporting unit with a material amount of goodwill for which it is reasonably likely that it will fail step one of a goodwill impairment test in the near term. However, if macroeconomic conditions worsen or our current financial projections are not achieved, it is possible that we may experience significant impairments of some of our intangible assets, which would require us to recognize impairment charges. On June 7, 2007, our Company acquired Energy Brands Inc., also known as glac au, for approximately $4.1 billion. The Company allocated $3.3 billion of the purchase price to various trademarks acquired in this business combination. On June 12, 2015, the Company closed a transaction with Monster. Under the terms of the transaction, the Company was required to discontinue selling energy products under one of the trademarks included in the glac au portfolio. During the year ended December 31, 2015, the Company recognized impairment charges of $418 million, primarily as a result of discontinuing these products. The total combined fair value of the various trademarks in the glac au portfolio significantly exceeds the remaining combined carrying value of $2.9 billion as of   September 30, 2016  . However, the fair value of one of the individual trademarks in the portfolio currently approximates its carrying value. If the future operating results of this trademark do not support the current financial projections, or if macroeconomic conditions change causing the cost of capital and/or discount rate to increase without an offsetting increase in the operating results, it is likely that we would be required to recognize an additional impairment charge related to this trademark. Management will continue to monitor the fair value of our intangible assets in future periods. 
   
  OPERATIONS REVIEW 
  Sales of our nonalcoholic ready-to-drink beverages are somewhat seasonal, with the second and third calendar quarters accounting for the highest sales volumes. The volume of sales in the beverage business may be affected by weather conditions. 
  Effective January 1, 2016, we transferred Coca-Cola Refreshments' ("CCR") bottling and associated supply chain operations in the United States and Canada from our North America segment to our Bottling Investments segment. Additionally, effective August 1, 2016, the Company formed a new Europe, Middle East and Africa operating group consisting of the business units that were previously included in the Europe and the Eurasia and Africa operating groups. As a result, our organizational structure as of   September 30, 2016   consists of the following operating segments, the first five of which are sometimes referred to as "operating groups" or "groups": Europe, Middle East and Africa; Latin America; North America; Asia Pacific; Bottling Investments; and Corporate. Accordingly, all prior period segment information presented herein has been revised to reflect these changes in our organizational structure. For further information regarding our operating segments, refer to   Note 15   of Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
  
   44 

Structural Changes, Acquired Brands and Newly Licensed Brands 
  In order to continually improve upon the Company's operating performance, from time to time, we engage in buying and selling ownership interests in bottling partners and other manufacturing operations. In addition, we also acquire brands or enter into license agreements for certain brands to supplement our beverage offerings. These items impact our operating results and certain key metrics used by management in assessing the Company's performance. 
  Unit case volume growth is a metric used by management to evaluate the Company's performance because it measures demand for our products at the consumer level. The Company's unit case volume represents the number of unit cases (or unit case equivalents) of Company beverage products directly or indirectly sold by the Company and its bottling partners to customers and, therefore, reflects unit case volume for consolidated and unconsolidated bottlers. Refer to the heading "Beverage Volume" below. 
  Concentrate sales volume represents the amount of concentrates and syrups (in all cases expressed in equivalent unit cases) sold by, or used in finished products sold by, the Company to its bottling partners or other customers. Refer to the heading "Beverage Volume" below. 
  Our Bottling Investments operating segment and our other finished product operations typically generate net operating revenues by selling sparkling beverages and a variety of still beverages, such as juices and juice drinks and sports drinks, ready-to-drink teas and coffees, and certain water products, to retailers or to distributors, wholesalers and bottling partners who distribute them to retailers. In addition, in the United States, we manufacture fountain syrups and sell them to fountain retailers such as restaurants and convenience stores who use the fountain syrups to produce beverages for immediate consumption, or to authorized fountain wholesalers or bottling partners who resell the fountain syrups to fountain retailers. For these consolidated finished product operations, we recognize the associated concentrate sales volume at the time the unit case or unit case equivalent is sold to the customer. Our concentrate operations typically generate net operating revenues by selling concentrates and syrups to authorized bottling and canning operations. For these concentrate operations, we recognize concentrate revenue and concentrate sales volume when we sell concentrate to the authorized unconsolidated bottling and canning operations, and we typically report unit case volume when finished products manufactured from the concentrates and syrups are sold to the customer. When we analyze our net operating revenues we generally consider the following four factors: (1) volume growth (concentrate sales volume or unit case volume, as appropriate), (2) acquisitions and divestitures (including structural changes defined below), as applicable, (3) changes in price, product and geographic mix and (4) foreign currency fluctuations. Refer to the heading "Net Operating Revenues" below. 
  We generally refer to acquisitions and divestitures of bottling, distribution or canning operations and consolidation or the deconsolidation of bottling and distribution entities for accounting purposes as structural changes ("structural changes"). Typically, structural changes do not impact the Company's unit case volume on a consolidated basis or at the geographic operating segment level. We recognize unit case volume for all sales of Company beverage products regardless of our ownership interest in the bottling partner, if any. However, the unit case volume reported by our Bottling Investments operating segment is generally impacted by structural changes because it only includes the unit case volume of our consolidated bottling operations. 
  "Acquired brands" refers to brands acquired during the past 12 months. Typically, the Company has not reported unit case volume or recognized concentrate sales volume related to acquired brands in periods prior to the closing of a transaction. Therefore, the unit case volume and concentrate sales volume from the sale of these brands is incremental to prior year volume. We do not generally consider acquired brands to be structural changes. 
  "Licensed brands" refers to brands not owned by the Company, but for which we hold certain rights, generally including, but not limited to, distribution rights, and from which we derive an economic benefit when these brands are ultimately sold. Typically, the Company has not reported unit case volume or recognized concentrate sales volume related to these brands in periods prior to the beginning of the term of a license agreement. Therefore, in the year that the licenses are entered into, the unit case volume and concentrate sales volume from the sale of these brands is incremental to prior year volume. We do not generally consider newly licensed brands to be structural changes. 
  
   45 

During 2016, the Company deconsolidated our South African bottling operations and disposed of its related equity method investment in exchange for equity method investments in Coca-Cola Beverages Africa Limited ("CCBA") and CCBA's South African subsidiary. As part of the transaction, the Company also acquired and licensed several brands. Refer to Note 2 of Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. The impacts of the deconsolidation, the disposal of the related equity method investment and the new equity method investments have been included as a structural change (a component of acquisitions and divestitures) in our analysis of net operating revenues on a consolidated basis as well as for our Europe, Middle East and Africa and Bottling Investments operating segments and equity income on a consolidated basis as well as for our Bottling Investments operating segment. The brands and licenses that the Company acquired impacted the Company s unit case volume and concentrate sales volume and therefore, in addition to being included as a structural change (a component of acquisitions and divestitures), they are also considered acquired brands. Refer to the headings "Beverage Volume" and "Net Operating Revenues" below. 
  Also in 2016, the Company deconsolidated our German bottling operations as a result of their being merged to create        Coca-Cola European Partners plc ("CCEP"). Refer to Note 2 of Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. As a result of the merger transaction, the Company now owns an equity method investment in CCEP. Accordingly, the impact of the deconsolidation and new equity method investment has been included as a structural change (a component of acquisitions and divestitures) in our analysis of net operating revenues on a consolidated basis as well as for our Europe, Middle East and Africa and Bottling Investments operating segments and equity income on a consolidated basis as well as for our Bottling Investments operating segment. During 2016, the Company also changed our funding arrangement with our bottling partners in China, which resulted in a reduction in net operating revenues with an offsetting reduction in direct marketing expense. The impact of the change in the arrangement has been included as a structural change (a component of acquisitions and divestitures) in our analysis of net operating revenues on a consolidated basis as well as for our Asia Pacific operating segment. Refer to the headings "Beverage Volume" and "Net Operating Revenues" below. 
  In 2016 and 2015, the Company continued to refranchise bottling territories in North America that were previously managed by CCR to certain of our unconsolidated bottling partners. The impact of these refranchising activities has been included as a structural change (a component of acquisitions and divestitures) in our analysis of net operating revenues on a consolidated basis as well as for our North America and Bottling Investments operating segments. In addition, for non-Company-owned and licensed beverage products sold in the refranchised territories for which the Company no longer reports unit case volume, we have eliminated the unit case volume from the base year when calculating 2016 versus 2015 volume growth rates on a consolidated basis as well as for the North America and Bottling Investments operating segments. Refer to the headings "Beverage Volume" and "Net Operating Revenues" below. 
  In 2015, the Company closed a transaction with Monster ("Monster Transaction"), which has been included as a structural change (a component of acquisitions and divestitures) in our analysis of net operating revenues on a consolidated basis as well as for each of the Company's operating segments. This transaction consisted of multiple elements including, but not limited to, the acquisition of Monster s non-energy brands and the expansion of our distribution territories for Monster's energy brands. These elements of the transaction impacted the Company s unit case volume and concentrate sales volume and therefore, in addition to being included as a structural change (a component of acquisitions and divestitures), they are also considered acquired brands. 
  Also during 2015, the Company acquired a South African bottler, which has been included as a structural change (a component of acquisitions and divestitures) in our analysis of net operating revenues on a consolidated basis as well as for the Bottling Investments operating segment. Refer to the heading "Net Operating Revenues" below. 
  The Company sells concentrates and syrups to both consolidated and unconsolidated bottling partners. The ownership structure of our bottling partners impacts the timing of recognizing concentrate revenue and concentrate sales volume. When we sell concentrates or syrups to our consolidated bottling partners, we are not able to recognize the concentrate revenue or concentrate sales volume until the bottling partner has sold finished products manufactured from the concentrates or syrups to a third party or independent customer. When we sell concentrates or syrups to our unconsolidated bottling partners, we recognize the concentrate revenue and concentrate sales volume when the concentrates or syrups are sold to the bottling partner. The subsequent sale of the finished products manufactured from the concentrates or syrups to a customer does not impact the timing of recognizing the concentrate revenue or concentrate sales volume. When we account for an unconsolidated bottling partner as an equity method investment, we eliminate the intercompany profit related to these transactions until the equity method investee has sold finished products manufactured from the concentrates or syrups to a third party or independent customer. 
  The Company is currently pursuing certain transactions that, if completed, will be included as structural changes for the applicable periods. In 2016, we announced our intent to refranchise 100 percent of Company-owned North America bottling territories by the end of 2017. The Company also announced that we have entered into a non-binding letter of intent to refranchise Company-owned bottling operations in China to two of our existing bottling partners. 
  
   46 

Beverage Volume 
  We measure the volume of Company beverage products sold in two ways: (1) unit cases of finished products and (2) concentrate sales. As used in this report, "unit case" means a unit of measurement equal to 192 U.S. fluid ounces of finished beverage (24 eight-ounce servings); and "unit case volume" means the number of unit cases (or unit case equivalents) of Company beverage products directly or indirectly sold by the Company and its bottling partners to customers. Unit case volume primarily consists of beverage products bearing Company trademarks. Also included in unit case volume are certain products licensed to, or distributed by, our Company, and brands owned by Coca-Cola system bottlers for which our Company provides marketing support and from the sale of which we derive economic benefit. In addition, unit case volume includes sales by joint ventures in which the Company has an equity interest. We believe unit case volume is one of the measures of the underlying strength of the Coca-Cola system because it measures trends at the consumer level. The unit case volume numbers used in this report are derived based on estimates received by the Company from its bottling partners and distributors. Concentrate sales volume represents the amount of concentrates, syrups, beverage bases and powders (in all cases expressed in equivalent unit cases) sold by, or used in finished beverages sold by, the Company to its bottling partners or other customers. Unit case volume and concentrate sales volume growth rates are not necessarily equal during any given period. Factors such as seasonality, bottlers' inventory practices, the number of days in a reporting period, supply point changes, timing of price increases, new product introductions and changes in product mix can impact unit case volume and concentrate sales volume and can create differences between unit case volume and concentrate sales volume growth rates. In addition to the items mentioned above, the impact of unit case volume from certain joint ventures in which the Company has an equity interest, but to which the Company does not sell concentrates or syrups, may give rise to differences between unit case volume and concentrate sales volume growth rates. 
  Information about our volume growth worldwide and by operating segment is as follows: 

1        Bottling Investments operating segment data reflects unit case volume growth for consolidated bottlers only. After considering the impact of structural changes, unit case volume declines for Bottling Investments were 2 percent and 1 percent for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively. 
   2        Geographic segment data reflects unit case volume growth for all bottlers in the applicable geographic areas, both consolidated and unconsolidated. 
   3        Unit case volume percent change is based on average daily sales. Unit case volume growth based on average daily sales is computed by comparing the average daily sales in each of the corresponding periods. Average daily sales are the unit cases sold during the period divided by the number of days in the period. 
   4        Concentrate sales volume represents the actual amount of concentrates, syrups, beverage bases and powders sold by, or used in finished beverages sold by, the Company to its bottling partners or other customers and is not based on average daily sales. Each of our interim reporting periods, other than the fourth interim reporting period, ends on the Friday closest to the last day of the corresponding quarterly calendar period. As a result, the first quarter of 2016 had one less day when compared to the first quarter of 2015, and the fourth quarter of 2016 will have two additional days when compared to the fourth quarter of 2015. 
            5   
    After considering the impact of structural changes, concentrate sales volume worldwide for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 grew 1 percent. 
               6   
    After considering the impact of structural changes, concentrate sales volume for Europe, Middle East and Africa for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 declined 1 percent. 
               7   
    After considering the impact of structural changes, concentrate sales volume for North America for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was even. 
     
   47 

Unit Case Volume 
  Although a significant portion of our Company's revenues is not based directly on unit case volume, we believe unit case volume is a measure of the underlying strength of the Coca-Cola system because it measures trends at the consumer level. The number of unit cases sold in 2016 and 2015 in our geographic and Bottling Investments operating segments does not include licensed beverage brands that are no longer sold as a result of certain structural changes, primarily related to North America refranchising. The Company eliminated the unit case volume related to these structural changes from the base year, where applicable, when calculating the volume growth rates. Refer to the heading "Structural Changes, Acquired Brands and Newly Licensed Brands" above.  
  Three Months Ended     September 30, 2016   versus   Three Months Ended     October 2, 2015    
  Unit case volume in Europe, Middle East and Africa grew 2 percent, including 1 point of growth from acquired brands, and reflected 1 percent growth in the group's sparkling beverages and 4 percent growth in the group's still beverages. The growth in still beverages was led by increases in packaged water and sports drinks, partially offset by a decrease in juices and juice drinks. The growth in sparkling beverages reflected unit case volume growth of 3 percent in Trademark Sprite and 1 percent in Trademark Fanta. The group reported increases in unit case volume in the Western Europe, Middle East   North Africa and West Africa business units. The increases in these business units were partially offset by a 2 percent decline in unit case volume in the Central   Eastern Europe business unit. 
  In Latin America, unit case volume declined 2 percent, which consisted of a 2 percent decline in sparkling beverages and a 1 percent decline in still beverages. The group's volume decline reflected declines of 9 percent in the Latin Center business unit, 6 percent in the Brazil business unit and 4 percent in the South Latin business unit. These declines were partially offset by unit case volume growth of 4 percent in the Mexico business unit, which reflected 5 percent growth in sparkling beverages and 2 percent growth in still beverages. Mexico's sparkling beverage unit case growth was led by 3 percent growth in Trademark Coca-Cola.  
  Unit case volume in North America grew 1 percent, reflecting an increase in still beverages of 2 percent and even sparkling beverage volume. The still beverage volume growth reflected the group's strong performance in packaged water and sports drinks. In addition, still beverage volume performance included 9 percent growth in vitaminwater. The sparkling beverage unit case volume included a 6 percent decline in Diet Coke, offset by 3 percent growth in Trademark Sprite, 7 percent growth in Trademark Fanta and growth in energy drinks. 
  In Asia Pacific, unit case volume increased 2 percent. Sparkling beverage volume was even, reflecting 1 percent growth in Trademark Coca-Cola offset by a decline of 1 percent in Trademark Sprite. The group's still beverage volume increased 5 percent, primarily reflecting growth in packaged water, teas and coffee. Unit case volume in China and the Philippines grew 2 percent and 7 percent, respectively. Japan reported unit case volume growth of 4 percent, led by growth in packaged water, coffee and teas. The growth in these countries was partially offset by a unit case volume decline of 4 percent in India.  
  Unit case volume for Bottling Investments declined 22 percent. This decrease primarily reflects the deconsolidation of our German bottling operations in May 2016, the decline in India as well as a decline in CCR's unit case volume of 14 percent. The decline in CCR's unit case volume is primarily driven by North America refranchising activities. The unfavorable impact of these items on the group's unit case volume results was partially offset by growth in China and other markets where we own or otherwise consolidate bottling operations. The Company's consolidated bottling operations accounted for 32 percent and 67 percent of the unit case volume in China and India, respectively. CCR accounted for 61 percent of the total bottler-distributed unit case volume in North America. 
  Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016     versus   Nine Months Ended October 2, 2015    
  In Europe, Middle East and Africa, unit case volume was even, reflecting a 2 percent increase in still beverages and even volume in sparkling beverages. The group's sparkling beverage performance included a 1 percent decline in Trademark     Coca-Cola, offset by an increase of 4 percent in Trademark Sprite, an increase of 1 percent in Trademark Fanta and an increase of 6 percent in Trademark Schweppes. The increase in still beverage volume reflected growth in packaged water, teas and sports drinks,  partially offset by a decline in juices and juice drinks. The group reported increases in unit case volume in our Western Europe, Middle East   North Africa and West Africa business units. The increases in these business units were offset by a 2 percent decline in unit case volume in the Central   Eastern Europe business unit and a 3 percent decline in the Turkey, Caucasus   Central Asia business unit. 
  Unit case volume in Latin America was even, reflecting a decline of 1 percent in sparkling beverage volume and still beverage volume growth of 4 percent. The growth in the group's still beverages was led by our performance in packaged water, juices and juice drinks and teas. The group's volume reflected declines of 5 percent in the Brazil business unit, 4 percent in the Latin Center business unit and 3 percent in the South Latin business unit. These declines were offset by unit case volume growth of 5 percent in the Mexico business unit, which reflected 5 percent growth in both sparkling and still beverages. Mexico's sparkling beverage unit case growth was led by 4 percent growth in Trademark Coca-Cola. 
  
   48 

In North America, unit case volume grew 1 percent, reflecting even sparkling beverage volume and still beverage volume growth of 3 percent. North America's volume in sparkling beverages included a 6 percent decline in Diet Coke offset by 2 percent growth in Trademark Sprite, 6 percent growth in Trademark Fanta and strong growth in energy drinks. The increase in still beverage volume reflected growth in packaged water, sports drinks, juices and juice drinks and dairy. In addition, still beverage volume performance included 8 percent growth in vitaminwater. 
  Unit case volume in Asia Pacific increased 2 percent. Sparkling beverage volume was even, which included 2 percent growth in Trademark Coca-Cola offset by a 4 percent decline in Trademark Sprite. The group's still beverage volume increased 6 percent, reflecting growth in packaged water, teas and coffee, partially offset by a decline in juices and juice drinks. Unit case volume in India grew 4 percent and Japan reported unit case volume growth of 4 percent, led by growth in packaged water, coffee and teas. Unit case volume in the Philippines and Indonesia grew 12 percent and 9 percent, respectively. The growth in these countries was partially offset by a unit case volume decline of 2 percent in China.  
  Unit case volume for Bottling Investments decreased 13 percent. This decrease primarily reflects the deconsolidation of our German bottling operations in May 2016, the decline in China as well as a decline in CCR's unit case volume of 13 percent. The decline in CCR's unit case volume is primarily driven by North America refranchising activities. The unfavorable impact of these items on the group's unit case volume results was partially offset by growth in India and other markets where we own or otherwise consolidate bottling operations. The Company's consolidated bottling operations accounted for 33 percent and 66 percent of the unit case volume in China and India, respectively. CCR accounted for 64 percent of the total bottler-distributed unit case volume in North America.  
  Concentrate Sales Volume 
  During the   three months ended     September 30, 2016  , worldwide unit case volume and concentrate sales volume both grew 1 percent compared to the   three months ended     October 2, 2015  . During the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , worldwide unit case volume grew 1 percent and concentrate sales volume was even compared to the   nine months ended October 2, 2015  . The difference between the consolidated unit case volume and concentrate sales volume growth rates during the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   was primarily due to having one less day during the first quarter of 2016 when compared to the first quarter of 2015. Concentrate sales volume growth is calculated based on the actual amount of concentrate sold during the reporting period, which is impacted by the number of days. Conversely, unit case volume growth is calculated based on average daily sales, which is not impacted by the number of days in a reporting period. In addition, concentrate sales volume growth in the Europe, Middle East and Africa and North America operating segments during the   three and nine months ended     September 30, 2016   was impacted by structural changes. In addition, the concentrate sales volume growth in the Asia Pacific operating segment during the   three months ended     September 30, 2016   was higher than unit case volume growth due to the timing of concentrate shipments.  
   
  Net Operating Revenues 
  Three Months Ended September 30, 2016   versus   Three Months Ended October 2, 2015    
  The Company's net operating revenues decreased $794 million.  
  The following table illustrates, on a percentage basis, the estimated impact of key factors resulting in the increase (decrease) in net operating revenues for each of our operating segments:   

  Note: Certain rows may not add due to rounding. 
           * 
    Calculation is not meaningful. 
      1        Represents the percent change in net operating revenues attributable to the increase (decrease) in concentrate sales volume for our geographic operating segments (expressed in equivalent unit cases) after considering the impact of structural changes. For our Bottling Investments operating segment, this represents the percent change in net operating revenues attributable to the increase (decrease) in unit case volume after considering the impact of structural changes. Our Bottling Investments operating segment data reflects unit case volume growth for consolidated bottlers only. Refer to the heading "Beverage Volume" above. 
  
   49 

Refer to the heading "Beverage Volume" above for additional information related to changes in our unit case and concentrate sales volumes. 
  "Acquisitions and Divestitures" refers to acquisitions and divestitures of brands or businesses, some of which the Company considers to be structural changes. Refer to the heading "Structural Changes, Acquired Brands and Newly Licensed Brands" above for additional information related to the structural changes. The acquisitions and divestitures percent change for 2016 versus 2015 in the table above consisted entirely of structural changes. 
  Price, product and geographic mix favorably impacted our consolidated net operating revenues by 1 percent. Price, product and geographic mix for our operating segments was impacted by a variety of factors and events including, but not limited to, the following: 
             
    Europe, Middle East and Africa   favorable geographic mix; 
                
    Latin America   favorable price mix in all four of the segment's business units and the impact of inflationary environments in several markets, partially offset by unfavorable geographic mix; 
                
    North America   favorably impacted as a result of pricing initiatives and product and package mix; 
                
    Asia Pacific   unfavorably impacted by product mix; and 
                
    Bottling Investments   favorably impacted as a result of pricing initiatives and geographic mix. 
     Fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates decreased our consolidated net operating revenues by 2 percent. This unfavorable impact was primarily due to a stronger U.S. dollar compared to certain foreign currencies, including the South African rand, U.K. pound sterling, Argentine peso and Mexican peso, which had an unfavorable impact on our Europe, Middle East and Africa, Latin America and Bottling Investments operating segments. The unfavorable impact of a stronger U.S. dollar compared to the currencies listed above was partially offset by the impact of a weaker U.S. dollar compared to certain other foreign currencies, including the euro, Brazilian real, Japanese yen and Australian dollar, which had a favorable impact on our Europe, Middle East and Africa, Latin America, Asia Pacific and Bottling Investments operating segments. Refer to the heading "Liquidity, Capital Resources and Financial Position   Foreign Exchange" below. 
  Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016   versus   Nine Months Ended October 2, 2015    
  The Company's net operating revenues decreased $1,840 million. 
  The following table illustrates, on a percentage basis, the estimated impact of key factors resulting in the increase (decrease) in net operating revenues for each of our operating segments:   

  Note: Certain rows may not add due to rounding. 
           * 
    Calculation is not meaningful. 
      1        Represents the percent change in net operating revenues attributable to the increase (decrease) in concentrate sales volume for our geographic operating segments (expressed in equivalent unit cases) after considering the impact of structural changes. For our Bottling Investments operating segment, this represents the percent change in net operating revenues attributable to the increase (decrease) in unit case volume after considering the impact of structural changes. Our Bottling Investments operating segment data reflects unit case volume growth for consolidated bottlers only. Refer to the heading "Beverage Volume" above. 
  Refer to the heading "Beverage Volume" above for additional information related to changes in our unit case and concentrate sales volumes. 
  
   50 

"Acquisitions and Divestitures" refers to acquisitions and divestitures of brands or businesses, some of which the Company considers to be structural changes. Refer to the heading "Structural Changes, Acquired Brands and Newly Licensed Brands" above for additional information related to the structural changes. The acquisitions and divestitures percent change for 2016 versus 2015 in the table above consisted entirely of structural changes. 
  Price, product and geographic mix favorably impacted our consolidated net operating revenues by 2 percent. Price, product and geographic mix for our operating segments was impacted by a variety of factors and events including, but not limited to, the following: 
             
    Europe, Middle East and Africa   favorable price mix in all of the segment's business units and favorable geographic mix; 
                
    Latin America   favorable price mix in all four of the segment's business units and the impact of inflationary environments in several markets, partially offset by unfavorable geographic mix; 
                
    North America   favorably impacted as a result of pricing initiatives and product and package mix; and 
                
    Asia Pacific   unfavorable product and channel mix. 
     Fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates decreased our consolidated net operating revenues by 3 percent. This unfavorable impact was primarily due to a stronger U.S. dollar compared to certain foreign currencies, including the South African rand, euro, U.K. pound sterling, Brazilian real, Argentine peso, Mexican peso and Australian dollar, which had an unfavorable impact on our Europe, Middle East and Africa, Latin America, Asia Pacific and Bottling Investments operating segments. The unfavorable impact of a stronger U.S. dollar compared to the currencies listed above was partially offset by the impact of a weaker U.S. dollar compared to certain other foreign currencies, including the Japanese yen, which had a favorable impact on our Asia Pacific operating segment. Refer to the heading "Liquidity, Capital Resources and Financial Position   Foreign Exchange" below. 
  Net operating revenue growth rates are impacted by sales volume; acquisitions and divestitures; price, product and geographic mix; and foreign currency fluctuations. The size and timing of acquisitions and divestitures are not consistent from period to period. The Company currently expects acquisitions and divestitures to have an unfavorable impact on 2016 full year net operating revenues. Based on current spot rates and our hedging coverage in place, we expect currencies will continue to have an unfavorable impact on net operating revenues through the end of the year. 
   
  Gross Profit Margin 
  As a result of our finished goods operations, which are primarily included in our Bottling Investments operating segment, the following inputs represent a substantial portion of the Company's total cost of goods sold: (1) sweeteners, (2) metals, (3) juices and (4)     polyethylene terephthalate ("PET"). The Company enters into hedging activities related to certain commodities in order to mitigate a portion of the price risk associated with forecasted purchases. Many of the derivative financial instruments used by the Company to mitigate the risk associated with these commodity exposures, including any related foreign currency exposure, do not qualify for hedge accounting. As a result, the changes in fair value of these derivative instruments have been, and will continue to be, included as a component of net income in each reporting period. During the   three and nine months ended     September 30, 2016  , the Company recorded losses of   $9 million   and gains of   $72 million  , respectively, in the line item cost of goods sold in our condensed consolidated statements of income related to the changes in the fair value of these derivative instruments. Refer to   Note 5   of Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
  Our gross profit margin increased to 61.1 percent for the   three months ended     September 30, 2016  , compared to 59.9 percent for the   three months ended     October 2, 2015  . Our gross profit margin increased to 61.0 percent for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , compared to 60.8 percent for the   nine months ended October 2, 2015  . These increases were primarily due to the impact of positive price mix, lower commodity costs and favorable geographic mix, partially offset by the unfavorable impact of foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations and acquisitions and divestitures. Refer to the heading "Structural Changes, Acquired Brands and Newly Licensed Brands" above for additional information related to the structural changes. 
  
   51 

Selling, General and Administrative Expenses 
  The following table sets forth the significant components of selling, general and administrative expenses (in millions):   

   1    Includes operating expenses as well as general and administrative expenses primarily related to our Bottling Investments operating segment. 
  During the   three and nine months ended     September 30, 2016  , selling, general and administrative expenses decreased $198 million and $808 million, respectively, versus the prior year comparable periods. During the   three and nine months ended     September 30, 2016  , fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates decreased total selling, general and administrative expenses by 1 percent and 2 percent, respectively. Advertising expenses during the   three and nine months ended     September 30, 2016   were unfavorably impacted by 3 percent and 4 percent, respectively, as a result of foreign currency exchange fluctuations. The decrease in advertising expenses during the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016   was also impacted by the timing of expenses as well as the impact of acquisitions and divestitures. The decreases in selling and distribution expenses during the   three and nine months ended     September 30, 2016   reflect the impact of acquisitions and divestitures. Foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations have a more significant impact on both advertising and other operating expenses as compared to our selling and distribution expenses since they are generally transacted in local currency. Our selling and distribution expenses are primarily related to our Company-owned bottling operations, of which the majority of expenses are attributable to CCR and are primarily denominated in U.S. dollars. Refer to the heading "Structural Changes, Acquired Brands and Newly Licensed Brands" above for additional information related to the acquisitions and divestitures. 
  During the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016  , the Company contributed $  519 million   to our pension plans, and we anticipate making additional contributions of approximately $  180 million   to our pension plans during the remainder of 2016. Our full year pension expense is currently expected to decrease by approximately $175 million compared to 2015. Effective January 1, 2016, the Company changed the method used to calculate the service and interest components of pension expense and started measuring these costs by applying the specific spot rates along the yield curve to the plans  projected cash flows. The anticipated decrease in 2016 pension expense is primarily due to settlement and special termination costs incurred in 2015 of $169 million, the new method to calculate service and interest costs, an increase in the weighted-average discount rate used to calculate the Company's benefit obligations and the impact of the 2016 contributions the Company made to U.S. pension plans. The impact of these items will be partially offset by unfavorable asset performance compared to our expected return in 2015 and a decrease in the expected return on assets for U.S. plans. 
  As of   September 30, 2016  , we had $317 million of total unrecognized compensation cost related to nonvested stock-based compensation arrangements granted under our plans, which we expect to recognize over a weighted-average period of 1.6 years. This expected cost does not include the impact of any future stock-based compensation awards. 
   
  Other Operating Charges 
  Other operating charges incurred by operating segment were as follows (in millions): 

52 

During the   three months ended     September 30, 2016  , the Company recorded other operating charges of   $222 million  . These charges primarily consisted of a charge of   $76 million   due to the write-down we recorded related to our receivables from our bottling partner in Venezuela due to changes in exchange rates, charges of   $73 million   related to costs incurred to refranchise certain of our North America bottling territories, and charges of   $59 million   due to the Company's productivity and reinvestment program. Refer to   Note 1   of Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on the Venezuelan exchange rates,   Note 10   of Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on the costs related to the North America refranchising and   Note 11   of Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on the Company's productivity, integration and restructuring initiatives. Refer to   Note 15   of Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for the impact these charges had on our operating segments. 
  During the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016  , the Company recorded other operating charges of $  830 million  . These charges primarily consisted of   $187 million   due to the Company's productivity and reinvestment program and $  240 million   due to the integration of our German bottling operations. In addition, the Company recorded charges of   $170 million   related to costs incurred to refranchise certain of our North America bottling territories. The Company also recorded a charge of   $100 million   related to a cash contribution we made to The Coca-Cola Foundation, a charge of   $76 million   due to the write-down we recorded related to our receivables from our bottling partner in Venezuela due to changes in exchange rates and charges of   $37 million   related to noncapitalizable transaction costs associated with pending and closed transactions. Refer to   Note 11   of Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on the Company's productivity, integration and restructuring initiatives,   Note 10   of Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on the costs related to the North America refranchising and   Note 1   of Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on the Venezuelan exchange rates. Refer to   Note 15   of Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for the impact these charges had on our operating segments. 
  During the   three months ended October 2, 2015  , the Company incurred other operating charges of   $264 million  , which included charges of   $141 million   due to the Company's productivity and reinvestment program and   $75 million   due to the integration of our German bottling operations. In addition, the Company recorded an impairment charge of   $38 million   on one of the trademarks included in the glac au portfolio and a   $3 million   impairment on a Venezuelan trademark. Refer to Note 11 of Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on our productivity, integration and restructuring initiatives. Refer to   Note 10   of Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on the trademark impairments. Refer to Note 15 of Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information related to the impact these charges had on our operating segments. 
  During the   nine months ended     October 2, 2015  , the Company incurred other operating charges of $  1,166 million  . These charges consisted of   $323 million   due to the Company's productivity and reinvestment program and   $204 million   due to the integration of our German bottling operations. In addition, the Company recorded impairment charges of   $418 million   primarily due to the discontinuation of the energy products in the glac au portfolio as a result of the Monster Transaction and incurred a charge of   $100 million   related to a cash contribution we made to The Coca-Cola Foundation. The Company also incurred a charge of   $111 million   due to the write-down we recorded related to our receivables from our bottling partner in Venezuela and an impairment of a Venezuelan trademark primarily due to changes in exchange rates as a result of the establishment of the new open market exchange system. Refer to   Note 11   of Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on the Company's productivity, integration and restructuring initiatives. Refer to   Note 2   of Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on the Monster Transaction. Refer to   Note 1   of Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on the Venezuelan currency change. Refer to   Note 15   of Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for the impact these charges had on our operating segments. 
  Productivity and Reinvestment Program 
  In February 2012, the Company announced a four-year productivity and reinvestment program designed to further enable our efforts to strengthen our brands and reinvest our resources to drive long-term profitable growth. This program is focused on the following initiatives: global supply chain optimization; global marketing and innovation effectiveness; operating expense leverage and operational excellence; data and information technology systems standardization; and the integration of Coca-Cola Enterprises Inc.'s ("Old CCE") former North America business. 
  In February 2014, the Company announced the expansion of our productivity and reinvestment program to drive incremental productivity by 2016 that will primarily be redirected into increased media investments. Our incremental productivity goal consists of two relatively equal components. First, we will expand savings through global supply chain optimization, data and information technology systems standardization, and resource and cost reallocation. Second, we will increase the effectiveness of our marketing investments by transforming our marketing and commercial model to redeploy resources into more consumer-facing marketing investments to accelerate growth. 
  
   53 

In October 2014, the Company announced that we were further expanding our productivity and reinvestment program and extending it through 2019. The expansion of the productivity initiatives will focus on four key areas: restructuring the Company's global supply chain; implementing zero-based work, an evolution of zero-based budget principles, across the organization; streamlining and simplifying the Company's operating model; and further driving increased discipline and efficiency in direct marketing investments. The Company expects that the expanded productivity initiatives will generate an incremental $2 billion in annualized productivity. This productivity will enable the Company to fund marketing initiatives and innovation required to deliver sustainable net revenue growth and will also support margin expansion and increased returns on invested capital over time. We expect to achieve total annualized productivity of approximately $3.6 billion by 2019 from the initiatives implemented under this program since it began in 2012 and have incurred total pretax expenses of $  2,243 million   related to this program since it began. Refer to   Note 11   of Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. 
  Integration of Our German Bottling Operations 
  In 2008, the Company began the integration of our German bottling operations acquired in 2007. The Company incurred total pretax expenses of $  1,367 million   as a result of this initiative, primarily related to involuntary terminations. During the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016  , the Company deconsolidated our German bottling operations. Refer to Note 2 and   Note 11   of Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
   
  Operating Income and Operating Margin 
  Information about our operating income by operating segment on a percentage basis is as follows: 

Information about our operating margin on a consolidated basis and by operating segment is as follows: 

* 
    Calculation is not meaningful. 
     Three Months Ended     September 30, 2016   versus   Three Months Ended     October 2, 2015 
  During the   three months ended     September 30, 2016   and   October 2, 2015  , the Company s operating income was unfavorably impacted by the refranchising of bottling territories in North America, which unfavorably impacted our Bottling Investments operating segment. Refer to Note 2 of Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on North America refranchising. 
  
   54 

During the   three months ended September 30, 2016  , fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates unfavorably impacted consolidated operating income by 7 percent due to a stronger U.S. dollar compared to certain foreign currencies, including the South African rand, U.K. pound sterling, Argentine peso and Mexican peso, which had an unfavorable impact on our Europe, Middle East and Africa, Latin America and Bottling Investments operating segments. The unfavorable impact of a stronger U.S. dollar compared to the currencies listed above was partially offset by the impact of a weaker U.S. dollar compared to certain other foreign currencies, including the euro, Brazilian real, Japanese yen and Australian dollar, which had a favorable impact on our Europe, Middle East and Africa, Latin America, Asia Pacific and Bottling Investments operating segments. Refer to the heading "Liquidity, Capital Resources and Financial Position   Foreign Exchange" below. 
  The Company's Europe, Middle East and Africa segment reported operating income of   $914 million   and   $930 million   for the   three months ended     September 30, 2016   and   October 2, 2015  , respectively. Fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates unfavorably impacted the segment's operating income by 3 percent. 
  Latin America reported operating income of   $435 million   and   $538 million   for the   three months ended     September 30, 2016   and   October 2, 2015  , respectively. Foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations unfavorably impacted operating income by 24 percent. The impact of the exchange rate fluctuations was partially offset by favorable price mix. 
  Operating income for North America for the   three months ended     September 30, 2016   and   October 2, 2015  , was   $666 million   and   $585 million  , respectively. The increase in the segment's operating income was due to price increases and favorable package mix as well as the favorable impact of a decrease in other operating charges. 
  Asia Pacific's operating income for the   three months ended     September 30, 2016   and   October 2, 2015  , was   $583 million   and   $571 million  , respectively. Operating income for the segment reflects the favorable impact of foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations of 4 percent, partially offset by unfavorable product mix. 
  Operating income for our Bottling Investments segment for the   three months ended     September 30, 2016   and   October 2, 2015  , was   $124 million   and   $85 million  , respectively. The Bottling Investments segment was favorably impacted by price increases,  geographic mix and a decrease in other operating charges, partially offset by the unfavorable impact of foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations of 3 percent and the impact of acquisitions and divestitures. 
  The Corporate segment's operating loss for the   three months ended     September 30, 2016   and   October 2, 2015  , was   $451 million   and   $330 million  , respectively. Fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates unfavorably impacted the segment's operating income by 6 percent, the impact of which was partially offset by a decrease in other operating charges. 
  Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016   versus   Nine Months Ended October 2, 2015    
  During the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016   and   October 2, 2015  , the Company s operating income was unfavorably impacted by the refranchising of bottling territories in North America, which unfavorably impacted our Bottling Investments operating segment. Refer to Note 2 of Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on the North America refranchising. During the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016  , the Company's operating income was unfavorably impacted by the sale of the Company s energy brands as part of the Monster Transaction which closed on June 12, 2015. The sale of the energy brands unfavorably impacted our Europe, Middle East and Africa, Latin America, North America, Asia Pacific and Bottling Investments operating segments. Refer to Note 2 of Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on the Monster Transaction. 
  During the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates unfavorably impacted consolidated operating income by 9 percent due to a stronger U.S. dollar compared to certain foreign currencies, including the South African rand, euro, U.K. pound sterling, Brazilian real, Argentine peso, Mexican peso and Australian dollar, which had an unfavorable impact on our Europe, Middle East and Africa, Latin America, Asia Pacific and Bottling Investments operating segments. The unfavorable impact of a stronger U.S. dollar compared to the currencies listed above was partially offset by the impact of a weaker U.S. dollar compared to certain other foreign currencies, including the Japanese yen, which had a favorable impact on our Asia Pacific operating segment. Refer to the heading "Liquidity, Capital Resources and Financial Position   Foreign Exchange" below. 
  The Company's Europe, Middle East and Africa segment reported operating income of   $2,897 million   and   $3,036 million   for the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016   and   October 2, 2015  , respectively. The segment was unfavorably impacted by fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates of 3 percent as well as the impact of the acquisitions and divestitures, partially offset by favorable price mix in all of the segment's business units and favorable geographic mix. 
  Latin America reported operating income of   $1,470 million   and   $1,641 million   for the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016   and   October 2, 2015  , respectively. Fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates unfavorably impacted the segment's operating income by 28 percent and the segment was also unfavorably impacted by an increase in other operating charges. The impact of these items was partially offset by favorable price mix in all of the segment's business units. 
  
   55 

Operating income for North America for the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016   and   October 2, 2015  , was   $1,982 million   and   $1,874 million  , respectively. The increase in the segment's operating income was due to price increases and favorable package mix and a decrease in other operating charges, partially offset by the impact of acquisitions and divestitures. 
  Asia Pacific's operating income for the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016   and   October 2, 2015  , was   $1,892 million   and   $1,876 million  , respectively. Operating income for the segment reflects an increase in concentrate sales partially offset by the unfavorable impact of foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations of 1 percent and the impact of acquisitions and divestitures. 
  Operating income for our Bottling Investments segment for the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016   and   October 2, 2015  , was   $222 million   and   $239 million  , respectively. The Bottling Investments segment was unfavorably impacted by an increase in other operating charges, the unfavorable impact of foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations of 1 percent and the impact of acquisitions and divestitures. 
  The Corporate segment's operating loss for the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016   and   October 2, 2015  , was   $1,192 million   and   $1,456 million  , respectively. Operating loss in 2016 was favorably impacted by a decrease in other operating charges partially offset by the unfavorable impact of foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations of 4 percent. 
  Based on current spot rates and our hedging coverage in place, we expect currencies will have an unfavorable impact on operating income through the end of the year. 
   
  Interest Income 
  During the   three months ended September 30, 2016  , interest income was   $164 million  , compared to   $155 million   during the   three months ended October 2, 2015  , an increase of $9 million. During the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , interest income was   $472 million  , compared to   $459 million   during the   nine months ended October 2, 2015  , an increase of $13 million. These increases primarily reflect higher cash balances and higher average interest rates in certain of our international locations, partially offset by the unfavorable impact of fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates due to a stronger U.S. dollar against most major currencies. 
  Interest Expense 
  During the   three months ended September 30, 2016  , interest expense was   $182 million  , compared to   $138 million   during the   three months ended October 2, 2015  , an increase of $44 million. This increase primarily reflects the impact of additional long-term debt the Company issued during 2016 and interest rate swaps on our fixed-rate debt. 
  During the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , interest expense was   $485 million  , compared to   $713 million   during the   nine months ended October 2, 2015  , a decrease of $228 million. Interest expense during the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   included the impact of recently issued long-term debt and interest rate swaps on our fixed-rate debt. The interest expense during the   nine months ended October 2, 2015   included charges of $320 million the Company recorded on the early extinguishment of certain long-term debt. These charges included the difference between the reacquisition price and the net carrying amount of the debt extinguished, including the impact of the related fair value hedging relationship. Refer to Note 5 of Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information related to the Company's hedging program. Refer to the heading "Liquidity, Capital Resources and Financial Position   Cash Flows from Financing Activities" below for additional information related to the Company's long-term debt. 
   
  Equity Income (Loss)   Net 
  Three Months Ended September 30, 2016   versus   Three Months Ended October 2, 2015 
  During the   three months ended September 30, 2016  , equity income was   $281 million  , compared to equity income of   $200 million   during the   three months ended October 2, 2015  , an increase of $81 million. This increase reflects, among other items, more favorable operating results reported by several of our equity method investees as well as our newly acquired investments in CCEP, CCBA and CCBA's South African subsidiary. The favorable impact of these items was partially offset by the unfavorable impact of fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates due to a stronger U.S. dollar against most major currencies and the derecognition of the Company's former equity method investment in South Africa. Refer to Note 2 of Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on the deconsolidation of both our German and South African bottling operations. 
  
   56 

The Company recorded a net charge of   $14 million   and a net gain of   $3 million   in the line item equity income (loss)   net during the   three months ended September 30, 2016   and   October 2, 2015  , respectively. These amounts represent the Company's proportionate share of significant operating and nonoperating items recorded by our equity method investees. 
  Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016   versus   Nine Months Ended October 2, 2015    
  During the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , equity income was   $678 million  , compared to equity income of   $402 million   during the   nine months ended October 2, 2015  , an increase of $276 million. This increase reflects, among other items, more favorable operating results reported by several of our equity method investees, the impact of the June 2015 investment in Monster, as well as our newly acquired investments in CCEP, CCBA and CCBA's South African subsidiary. The favorable impact of these items was partially offset by the unfavorable impact of fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates due to a stronger U.S. dollar against most major currencies and the derecognition of the Company's former equity method investment in South Africa. Refer to Note 2 of Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on the Monster Transaction and the deconsolidation of our South African and German bottling operations. 
  The Company recorded net charges of   $35 million   and   $79 million   in the line item equity income (loss)   net during the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   and   October 2, 2015  , respectively. These amounts represent the Company's proportionate share of significant operating and nonoperating items recorded by our equity method investees, including charges incurred during the   nine months ended     October 2, 2015   by an equity method investee due to changes in the Venezuelan bolivar exchange rates. Refer to the heading "Liquidity, Capital Resources and Financial Position   Foreign Exchange" below for additional information on Venezuela's currency devaluation. 
   
  Other Income (Loss)   Net 
  Three Months Ended September 30, 2016   versus   Three Months Ended October 2, 2015    
  Other income (loss)   net includes, among other things, the impact of foreign currency exchange gains and losses; dividend income; rental income; gains and losses related to the disposal of property, plant and equipment; gains and losses related to business combinations and disposals; realized and unrealized gains and losses on trading securities; realized gains and losses on available-for-sale securities; other-than-temporary impairments of available-for-sale securities; and the accretion of expense related to certain acquisitions. The foreign currency exchange gains and losses are primarily the result of the remeasurement of monetary assets and liabilities from certain currencies into functional currencies. The effects of the remeasurement of these assets and liabilities are partially offset by the impact of our economic hedging program for certain exposures on our consolidated balance sheets. Refer to Note 5 of Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
  During the   three months ended     September 30, 2016  , other income (loss)   net was a loss of   $1,106 million  . This loss included losses of   $1,089 million   due to the refranchising of certain bottling territories in North America and a loss of   $21 million   due to the deconsolidation of our South African bottling operations and disposal of the related equity method investment in exchange for investments in CCBA and CCBA's South African subsidiary. Additionally, the Company incurred net foreign currency exchange losses of $25 million and charges of   $17 million   related to payments made to certain of our unconsolidated bottling partners in order to convert their bottling agreements to a CBA with additional requirements ("Final Form CBA"). Other income (loss)   net also included net gains of $24 million related to trading securities and available-for-sale securities. Refer to   Note 2   of Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on the North America refranchising, the deconsolidation of our South African bottling operations and the conversion payments. Refer to   Note 15   of Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for the impact these items had on our operating segments. 
  During the   three months ended October 2, 2015  , other income (loss)   net was a loss of   $871 million  . This loss included a          $794 million charge the Company recorded primarily due to the refranchising of certain bottling territories in North America, net foreign currency exchange losses of $65 million, and net losses of $16 million related to trading securities and available-for-sale securities. None of the other items included in other income (loss)   net during the   three months ended October 2, 2015  , was individually significant. Refer to   Note 2   of Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on the North America refranchising. 
  
   57 

Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016   versus   Nine Months Ended October 2, 2015 
  During the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016  , other income (loss)   net was a loss of   $315 million  . This loss included losses of   $1,657 million   due to the refranchising of certain bottling territories in North America and a loss of   $21 million   due to the deconsolidation of our South African bottling operations and and disposal of the related equity method investment in exchange for investments in CCBA and CCBA's South African subsidiary. Additionally, the Company incurred net foreign currency exchange losses of $106 million and charges of   $17 million   related to payments made to convert the bottling agreements for certain North America bottling partners' territories to Final Form CBAs. These losses were partially offset by a gain of   $1,323 million   due to the deconsolidation of our German bottling operations, dividend income of $45 million, net gains of $69 million related to trading securities and available-for-sale securities and a gain of   $18 million   resulting from the Company's disposal of its investment in Keurig Green Mountain, Inc. ("Keurig"). Refer to   Note 2   of Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on the North America refranchising, the deconsolidation of our South African bottling operations, the conversion payments, the deconsolidation of our German bottling operations and the Keurig investment disposal. Refer to   Note 15   of Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for the impact these items had on our operating segments. 
  During the   nine months ended     October 2, 2015  , other income (loss)   net was income of   $709 million  . This income included a net gain of $1,402 million as a result of the Monster Transaction, primarily due to the difference in the recorded carrying value of the assets transferred, including an allocated portion of goodwill, compared to the value of the total assets and business acquired. Other income (loss)   net also included net foreign currency exchange gains of $134 million and dividend income of $70 million. This income was partially offset by charges of $827 million due to refranchising activities in North America and net losses of $46 million related to trading securities and available-for-sale securities. The net foreign currency exchange gains included a gain of $277 million associated with our euro-denominated debt partially offset by a charge of $27 million due to the initial remeasurement of the net monetary assets of our Venezuelan subsidiary using the SIMADI exchange rate. None of the other items included in other income (loss)   net during the   nine months ended October 2, 2015  , was individually significant. Refer to Note 2 of Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on the Monster Transaction and North America refranchising. Refer to the heading "Liquidity, Capital Resources and Financial Position   Foreign Exchange" below and Note 10 of Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on the charge due to the change in Venezuelan exchange rates. 
  We are in discussions with, and in some cases have signed non-binding letters of intent with, various parties regarding the refranchising of additional territories in North America. The Company has not finalized or approved definitive agreements related to these additional territories. Due to our accounting policy election related to contingent consideration, if the Company approves any future transactions with a similar structure to the North America refranchising transactions discussed in Note 2 of Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements, we will be required to record additional losses as a result of the derecognition of the related intangible assets. We expect the value of these intangible assets will be recovered through future quarterly payments to be received from the bottlers. 
   
  Income Taxes 
  Our effective tax rate reflects the benefits of having significant operations outside the United States, which are generally taxed at rates lower than the U.S. statutory rate of   35 percent  . As a result of employment actions and capital investments made by the Company, certain tax jurisdictions provide income tax incentive grants, including Brazil, Costa Rica, Singapore and Swaziland. The terms of these grants expire from   2016   to   2027  . We anticipate that we will be able to extend or renew the grants in these locations. In addition, our effective tax rate reflects the benefits of having significant earnings generated in investments accounted for under the equity method of accounting, which are generally taxed at rates lower than the U.S. statutory rate. 
  At the end of each interim period, we make our best estimate of the effective tax rate expected to be applicable for the full fiscal year. This estimate reflects, among other items, our best estimate of operating results and foreign currency exchange rates. Based on current tax laws, the Company's estimated effective tax rate for   2016   is   22.5 percent  . However, in arriving at this estimate we do not include the estimated impact of significant operating and nonoperating items, which may cause significant variations in the customary relationship between income tax expense and income before income taxes. 
  The Company recorded income tax expense of   $378 million   (  26.5 percent   effective tax rate) and   $272 million   (  15.8 percent   effective tax rate) during the   three months ended     September 30, 2016   and   October 2, 2015  , respectively. The Company recorded income tax expense of   $1,618 million   (  21.2 percent   effective tax rate) and   $1,937 million   (  24.0 percent   effective tax rate) during the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016   and   October 2, 2015  , respectively. 
  
   58 

The following table illustrates the income tax expense (benefit) associated with significant operating and nonoperating items for the interim periods presented (in millions): 

1   
    Related to charges of   $59 million   and   $187 million   during the   three and nine months ended     September 30, 2016  , respectively. These charges were due to the Company's productivity and reinvestment program. Refer to   Note 10   and   Note 11   of Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
               2   
    Related to charges of   $240 million   during the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016  . These charges were due to the integration of our German bottling operations. Refer to   Note 10   and   Note 11   of Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
               3   
    Related to a net charge of   $1,204 million   that primarily consisted of charges related to   $1,089 million   of losses due to the refranchising of bottling territories in North America,   $73 million   related to costs incurred to refranchise our North America bottling territories, charges of   $17 million   related to payments made to convert the bottling agreements for certain North America bottling partners' territories to Final Form CBAs, a loss of   $21 million   related to the deconsolidation of our South African bottling operations and the   $80 million   tax impact resulting from the accrual of tax on temporary differences related to the investment in foreign subsidiaries that are now expected to reverse in the foreseeable future. Refer to Note 2 and   Note 10   of Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
               4   
    Related to a net charge of   $561 million   that primarily consisted of charges related to   $1,657 million   of losses due to the refranchising of bottling territories in North America,   $170 million   related to costs incurred to refranchise our North America bottling territories, charges of   $17 million   related to payments made to convert the bottling agreements for certain North America bottling partners' territories to Final Form CBAs, a loss of   $21 million   related to the deconsolidation of our South African bottling operations and the   $80 million   tax impact resulting from the accrual of tax on temporary differences related to the investment in foreign subsidiaries that are now expected to reverse in the foreseeable future. These charges are partially offset by a   $1,288 million   net gain related to the deconsolidation of our German bottling operations and an   $18 million   net gain related to the disposal of our investment in Keurig. Refer to Note 2 and   Note 10   of Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
               5   
    Primarily related to amounts required to be recorded for changes to our uncertain tax positions, including interest and penalties. The components of the net change in uncertain tax positions were individually insignificant. 
               6   
    Related to charges of   $99 million   that included a   $76 million   charge due to the write-down we recorded related to receivables from our bottling partner in Venezuela, a   $14 million   charge due to our proportionate share of significant operating and nonoperating items recorded by certain of our equity method investees and a   $9 million   charge due to tax litigation expense. Refer to   Note 10   of Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
               7   
    Related to charges of   $230 million   that included a   $100 million   cash contribution to The Coca-Cola Foundation, a   $76 million   charge due to the write-down we recorded related to receivables from our bottling partner in Venezuela, a   $35 million   charge due to our proportionate share of significant operating and nonoperating items recorded by certain of our equity method investees and a   $19 million   charge due to tax litigation expense. Refer to   Note 10   of Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
               8   
    Related to charges of   $141 million   and   $323 million   during the   three and nine months ended     October 2, 2015  , respectively. These charges were due to the Company's productivity and reinvestment program. Refer to Note 10 and Note 11 of Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
               9   
    Related to charges of   $75 million   and   $204 million   during the   three and nine months ended     October 2, 2015  , respectively. These charges were due to the integration of our German bottling operations. Refer to Note 10 and Note 11 of Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
               10   
    Related to a net charge of   $859 million   that included   $815 million   of charges primarily due to the refranchising of bottling territories in North America and a   $38 million   charge due to the impairment of certain trademark assets. Refer to Note 2 and Note 10 of Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
               11   
    Related to a net gain of   $102 million   that primarily consisted of a   $1,402 million   net gain related to the Monster Transaction, partially offset by a   $418 million   charge due to the impairment of certain trademark assets,   $848 million   of charges due to the refranchising of bottling territories in North America, a   $6 million   additional charge related to the sale of a portion of our equity investment in a Brazilian bottling entity, and a   $19 million   charge related to the remeasurement of our equity interest in a South African bottler to fair value. Refer to Note 2 and Note 10 of Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
               12   
    Primarily related to amounts required to be recorded for changes to our uncertain tax positions, including interest and penalties. The components of the net change in uncertain tax positions were individually insignificant. 
               13   
    Primarily related to prior year audit settlements and amounts to be recorded for changes to our uncertain tax positions, including interest and penalties. The components of the net change in the uncertain tax positions were individually insignificant. 
               14   
    Related to charges of   $639 million   that primarily consisted of a   $100 million   cash contribution to The Coca-Cola Foundation,   $320 million   associated with the early extinguishment of long-term debt,   $27 million   due to the remeasurement of the net monetary assets of our Venezuelan subsidiary into U.S. dollars using the SIMADI exchange rate,   $111 million   due to the write-down we recorded related to receivables from our bottling partner in Venezuela and an impairment of a Venezuelan trademark, and   $79 million   due to our proportionate share of significant operating and nonoperating items recorded by certain of our equity method investees. Refer to Note 1 and Note 10 of Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
     
   59 

LIQUIDITY, CAPITAL RESOURCES AND FINANCIAL POSITION 
  We believe our ability to generate cash flows from operating activities is one of our fundamental financial strengths. Refer to the heading "Cash Flows from Operating Activities" below. The near-term outlook for our business remains strong, and we expect to generate substantial cash flows from operations in 2016. As a result of our expected cash flows from operations, we have significant flexibility to meet our financial commitments. The Company does not typically raise capital through the issuance of stock. Instead, we use debt financing to lower our overall cost of capital and increase our return on shareowners' equity. Refer to the heading "Cash Flows from Financing Activities" below. We have a history of borrowing funds domestically and continue to have the ability to borrow funds domestically at reasonable interest rates. In addition, our domestic entities have recently borrowed and continue to have the ability to borrow funds in international markets at reasonable interest rates. Our debt financing includes the use of an extensive commercial paper program as part of our overall cash management strategy. The Company reviews its optimal mix of short-term and long-term debt regularly and may replace certain amounts of commercial paper, short-term debt and current maturities of long-term debt with new issuances of long-term debt in the future. In addition to the Company's cash balances, commercial paper program, and our ability to issue long-term debt, we also had $8,340 million in lines of credit available for general corporate purposes as of   September 30, 2016  . These backup lines of credit expire at various times between 2016 and 2019. 
  We have significant operations outside the United States. Unit case volume outside the United States represented 81 percent of the Company's worldwide unit case volume for the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016  . We earn a substantial amount of our consolidated operating income and income before income taxes in foreign subsidiaries that either sell concentrate to our local bottling partners or, in certain instances, sell finished products directly to our customers to fulfill the demand for Company beverage products outside the United States. A significant portion of these foreign earnings is considered to be indefinitely reinvested in foreign jurisdictions where the Company has made, and will continue to make, substantial investments to support the ongoing development and growth of our international operations. Accordingly, no U.S. federal and state income taxes have been provided on the portion of our foreign earnings that is considered to be indefinitely reinvested in foreign jurisdictions. The Company's cash, cash equivalents, short-term investments and marketable securities held by our foreign subsidiaries totaled $22.4 billion as of   September 30, 2016  . With the exception of an insignificant amount, for which U.S. federal and state income taxes have already been provided, we do not intend, nor do we foresee a need, to repatriate these funds. 
  Net operating revenues in the United States were $15.1 billion for the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016  , or 47 percent of the Company's consolidated net operating revenues. We expect existing domestic cash, cash equivalents, short-term investments, marketable securities, cash flows from operations and the issuance of debt to continue to be sufficient to fund our domestic operating activities and cash commitments for investing and financing activities. In addition, we expect existing foreign cash, cash equivalents, short-term investments, marketable securities and cash flows from operations to continue to be sufficient to fund our foreign operating activities and cash commitments for investing activities. 
  In the future, should we require more capital to fund significant discretionary activities in the United States than is generated by our domestic operations and is available through the issuance of domestic debt, we could elect to repatriate future periods' earnings from foreign jurisdictions. This alternative could result in a higher effective tax rate in the future. While the likelihood is remote, the Company could also elect to repatriate earnings from foreign jurisdictions that have previously been considered to be indefinitely reinvested. Upon distribution of those earnings in the form of dividends or otherwise, the Company would be subject to additional U.S. income taxes (net of an adjustment for foreign tax credits) and withholding taxes payable to various foreign jurisdictions, where applicable. This alternative could also result in a higher effective tax rate in the period in which such a determination is made to repatriate prior periods' foreign earnings. 
  Based on all of the aforementioned factors, the Company believes its current liquidity position is strong, and we will continue to meet all of our financial commitments for the foreseeable future. 
  
   60 

Cash Flows from Operating Activities 
  Net cash provided by operating activities for the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016   and   October 2, 2015  , was $  6,723 million   and $  8,390 million  , respectively, a decrease of $1,667 million. This decrease included the unfavorable impact of currency exchange rates, the impact of $471 million in incremental contributions made to the Company's pension plans and one less day during the first quarter of 2016 when compared to 2015. The impact of these items was partially offset by lower income tax payments during the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016  . 
   
  Cash Flows from Investing Activities 
  Net cash used in investing activities for the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016   was $  1,333 million   compared to net cash used in investing activities of $  5,413 million   during the prior year comparable period, a decrease of $4,080 million. 
  Purchases of Investments and Proceeds from Disposals of Investments 
  During the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016  , purchases of investments were $  12,733 million   and proceeds from disposals of investments were $  13,210 million  , resulting in a net cash inflow of $477 million. During the   nine months ended     October 2, 2015  , purchases of investments were $  12,006 million   and proceeds from disposals of investments were $  10,403 million  , resulting in a net cash outflow of $1,603 million. The proceeds during the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016   included the disposal of the Company's investment in Keurig. The purchases during the   nine months ended     October 2, 2015  , included the Company's acquisition of additional shares in Keurig. The remaining activity primarily represents the purchases of and proceeds from short-term investments that were made as part of the Company's overall cash management strategy. Refer to   Note 2   of Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on our investment in Keurig. 
  Acquisitions of Businesses, Equity Method Investments and Nonmarketable Securities 
  During the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016  , the Company's acquisitions of businesses, equity method investments and nonmarketable securities totaled $  767 million  , which primarily related to our acquisition of Xiamen Culiangwang Beverage Technology Co., Ltd., a maker of plant-based protein beverages in China, and a minority investment in CHI Limited, a Nigerian producer of value-added dairy and juice beverages. During the   nine months ended     October 2, 2015  , the Company's acquisitions of businesses, equity method investments and nonmarketable securities totaled $  2,489 million  , which primarily included our equity investments in Monster and certain Indonesian bottling operations as well as our acquisition of bottling operations in South Africa. Refer to Note 2 of Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on the transactions during the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016   and   October 2, 2015  . 
  Under the terms of the agreement related to our investment in CHI Limited, the Company is obligated to acquire the remaining ownership interest from the existing shareowners in 2019 based on an agreed-upon formula. Refer to Note 2 of Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. 
  Proceeds from Disposals of Businesses, Equity Method Investments and Nonmarketable Securities 
  During the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016  , proceeds from disposals of businesses, equity method investments and nonmarketable securities were   $745 million  , primarily related to proceeds from the refranchising of certain of our bottling territories in North America. Refer to Note 2 of Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. During the   nine months ended     October 2, 2015  , proceeds from disposals of businesses, equity method investments and nonmarketable securities were   $416 million  , which included proceeds related to the refranchising of certain of our bottling territories in North America and cash received as a result of a Brazilian bottling entity's majority interest owners exercising their option to acquire from us an additional equity interest. 
  Purchases of Property, Plant and Equipment       Net 
  Purchases of property, plant and equipment (net of disposals) for the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016  , were $1,469 million. The Company currently expects our 2016 full year capital expenditures (net of disposals) to be slightly less than $2.5 billion, primarily in our Bottling Investments operating segment. 
  During the   nine months ended     October 2, 2015  , cash outflows for investing activities included purchases of property, plant and equipment (net of disposals) of $1,620 million. 
  Other Investing Activities 
  During the nine months ended   October 2, 2015  , cash used in other investing activities included a $530 million payment related to the Monster Transaction, partially offset by the cash flow impact of the Company's derivative contracts designated as net investment hedges. Refer to Note 2 of Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on the Monster Transaction and Note 5 of Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on the Company's derivative contracts designated as net investment hedges. 
  
   61 

Cash Flows from Financing Activities 
  Our financing activities include net borrowings, issuances of stock, share repurchases and dividends. Net cash used in financing activities during the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016   totaled   $1,783 million   compared to net cash used in financing activities of   $1,178 million   during the prior year comparable period, an increase of $605 million. 
  Debt Financing 
  Issuances and payments of debt included both short-term and long-term financing activities. During the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016  , the Company had issuances of debt of $  22,667 million  , which included $393 million of payments related to commercial paper and short-term debt with maturities of 90 days or less and $17,291 million of issuances of commercial paper and short-term debt with maturities greater than 90 days. The Company's total issuances of debt also included long-term debt issuances of $4,983 million, net of related discounts and issuance costs. Refer below for additional details on our long-term debt issuances.  
  The Company made payments of debt of $  20,406 million   during the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016  , which included $18,720 million of payments related to commercial paper and short-term debt with maturities greater than 90 days and payments of long-term debt of $1,686 million. 
  During the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , the Company issued Australian dollar-, euro- and U.S. dollar-denominated debt of AUD  1,000 million  ,    500 million   and   $3,725 million  , respectively. The carrying value of this debt as of   September 30, 2016   was   $5,009 million  . The general terms of the notes issued are as follows: 
               
    $225 million   total principal amount of notes due November 16, 2017, at a variable interest rate equal to the three-month London Interbank Offered Rate ("LIBOR") plus   0.05 percent  ; 
          During the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , the Company retired upon maturity   $1,654 million   total principal amount of notes due September 1, 2016, at a fixed interest rate of   1.8 percent  . 
  During the   nine months ended October 2, 2015  , the Company issued SFr1,325 million and  8,500 million of long-term debt. The general terms of the notes issued are as follows: 
                
     2,000 million total principal amount of notes due March 9, 2017, at a variable interest rate equal to the three-month Euro Interbank Offered Rate ("EURIBOR") plus 0.15 percent; 
         During the   nine months ended October 2, 2015  , the Company retired $2,500 million of long-term debt upon maturity. The Company also extinguished $2,039 million of long-term debt prior to maturity, incurring associated charges of $320 million recorded in the line item interest expense in our condensed consolidated statement of income. These charges included the difference between the reacquisition price and the net carrying amount of the debt extinguished, including the impact of the related fair value hedging relationship. 
  
   62 

The general terms of the notes that were extinguished are as follows: 
    As of   September 30, 2016  , the carrying value of the Company's long-term debt included $371 million of fair value adjustments related to the debt assumed in connection with our acquisition of Old CCE's former North America business. These fair value adjustments will be amortized over a weighted-average period of approximately 21 years, which is equal to the weighted-average maturity of the assumed debt to which these fair value adjustments relate. The amortization of these fair value adjustments will be a reduction of interest expense in future periods, which will typically result in our interest expense being less than the actual interest paid to service the debt. 
  Issuances of Stock 
  During the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016  , the Company received cash proceeds from issuances of stock of $  1,295 million  , an increase of $563 million when compared to cash proceeds of $  732 million   from stock issuances during the   nine months ended     October 2, 2015  . This increase is primarily due to an increase in the exercise of stock options by Company employees. 
  Share Repurchases 
  During the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016  , the Company repurchased 55.4 million shares of common stock under the share repurchase plan authorized by our Board of Directors. These shares were repurchased at an average cost of $44.71 per share, for a total cost of $2,475 million. However, due to the timing of settlements, the total cash outflow for treasury stock purchases was $  2,509 million   during the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016  . The total cash outflow for treasury stock during the first nine months of 2016 includes treasury stock that was purchased and settled during the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016  , as well as stock purchased in December 2015 that settled in early 2016; however, it does not include treasury stock that was purchased but did not settle during the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016  . In addition, the cash flow impact of the Company's treasury stock activity also includes shares surrendered to the Company to satisfy minimum tax withholding obligations in connection with so-called stock swap exercises of employee stock options and/or the vesting of restricted stock issued to employees. The impact of the Company's issuances of stock and share repurchases during the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016  , resulted in a net cash outflow of $1,214 million. During 2016, the Company expects to purchase between $2.0 billion and $2.5 billion of treasury shares, net of proceeds from the issuance of stock due to the exercise of employee stock options. 
  During the   nine months ended     October 2, 2015  , the Company repurchased 49.3 million shares of common stock under the share repurchase plan authorized by our Board of Directors. These shares were repurchased at an average cost of $40.49 per share, for a total cost of $1,997 million. However, due to the timing of settlements, the total cash outflow for treasury stock purchases during the   nine months ended     October 2, 2015  , was $  1,966 million  . The total cash outflow for treasury stock during the first nine months of 2015 includes treasury stock that was purchased and settled during the   nine months ended     October 2, 2015  , as well as stock purchased in December 2014 that settled in early 2015; however, it does not include treasury stock that was purchased but did not settle during the   nine months ended     October 2, 2015  . In addition, the cash flow impact of the Company's treasury stock activity also includes shares surrendered to the Company to satisfy minimum tax withholding obligations in connection with so-called stock swap exercises of employee stock options and/or the vesting of restricted stock issued to employees. The impact of the Company's issuances of stock and share repurchases during the   nine months ended     October 2, 2015  , resulted in a net cash outflow of $1,234 million. 
  Dividends 
  The Company paid dividends of   $3,028 million   and   $4,313 million   during the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016   and   October 2, 2015  , respectively. As a result of the timing of dividend payment dates, the Company only paid two quarters of dividends during the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016  , compared to three quarters of dividends during the   nine months ended     October 2, 2015  . The Company paid the third quarter dividend on October 3, 2016. 
  Our Board of Directors approved the Company's regular quarterly dividend of $0.35 per share at its October 2016 meeting. This dividend is payable on December 15, 2016, to shareowners of record as of December 1, 2016. 
  
   63 

Foreign Exchange 
  Our international operations are subject to certain opportunities and risks, including foreign currency fluctuations and governmental actions. We closely monitor our operations in each country and seek to adopt appropriate strategies that are responsive to changing economic and political environments, and to fluctuations in foreign currencies. 
  Our Company conducts business in more than 200 countries. Due to our global operations, weaknesses in the currencies of some of these countries are often offset by strengths in others. Our foreign currency management program is designed to mitigate, over time, a portion of the potentially unfavorable impact of exchange rate changes on net income and earnings per share. Taking into account the effects of our hedging activities, the impact of changes in foreign currency exchange rates decreased our operating income for the   three and nine months ended     September 30, 2016  , by 7 percent and 9 percent, respectively. As a result of the U.S. dollar continuing to strengthen against other currencies, including many of those that we do not traditionally hedge, the Company expects foreign currency exchange rates to have an unfavorable impact on our results through the end of the year.  
  Hyperinflationary Economies 
  A hyperinflationary economy is one that has cumulative inflation of   100 percent   or more over a three-year period. In accordance with U.S. GAAP, local subsidiaries in hyperinflationary economies are required to use the U.S. dollar as their functional currency and remeasure the monetary assets and liabilities not denominated in U.S. dollars using the rate applicable to conversion of a currency for purposes of dividend remittances. All exchange gains and losses resulting from remeasurement are recognized currently in income. 
  Venezuela has been designated as a hyperinflationary economy. In February 2015, the Venezuelan government announced that the two previously used currency conversion mechanisms had been merged into a single mechanism called SICAD and introduced a new open market exchange rate system, SIMADI. Management determined that the SIMADI rate was the most appropriate legally available rate and remeasured the net monetary assets of our Venezuelan subsidiary, resulting in a charge of   $27 million   recorded in the line item other income (loss)   net in our condensed consolidated statement of income during the   nine months ended October 2, 2015  . 
  During the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , the Venezuelan government devalued its currency and changed its official and most preferential exchange rate, which should be used for purchases of certain essential goods, to   10   bolivars per U.S. dollar from   6.3  . The official and most preferential rate is now known as DIPRO and the SICAD rate has been eliminated. The Venezuelan government also announced that the SIMADI rate would be replaced by the DICOM rate, which will be allowed to float freely and is expected to fluctuate based on supply and demand. As a result, management determined that the DICOM rate was the most appropriate legally available rate to remeasure the net monetary assets of our Venezuelan subsidiary.  
  In addition to the foreign currency exchange exposure related to our Venezuelan subsidiary's net monetary assets, we also sell concentrate to our bottling partner in Venezuela from outside the country. These sales are denominated in U.S. dollars. As a result of the continued lack of liquidity and our revised assessment of the U.S. dollar value we expected to realize upon the conversion of Venezuelan bolivars into U.S. dollars by our bottling partner to pay our concentrate sales receivables, we recorded a write-down of   $76 million   during the   three and nine months ended     September 30, 2016  . We recorded a write-down of   $56 million   during the   nine months ended October 2, 2015  . These write-downs were recorded in the line item other operating charges in our condensed consolidated statements of income. 
  We also have certain U.S. dollar denominated intangible assets associated with products sold in Venezuela. As a result of the Company's revised expectations regarding the convertibility of the local currency, we recognized impairment charges of   $3 million   and   $55 million   during the   three and nine months ended October 2, 2015  , respectively, recorded in the line item other operating charges in our condensed consolidated statements of income. 
  As of   September 30, 2016  , the combined carrying value of the net monetary assets of our Venezuelan subsidiary, the receivables from our bottling partner in Venezuela and the intangible assets associated with products sold in Venezuela was   $88 million  . Despite the additional currency conversion mechanisms, the Company's ability to pay dividends from Venezuela is still restricted due to the low volume of U.S. dollars available for conversion. As a result of the newly announced floating DICOM rate, the Company expects to continue to record losses on foreign currency exchange, may incur additional write-downs of receivables or impairment charges and will continue to record our proportionate share of any charges recorded by our equity method investee that has operations in Venezuela. 
  
   64 

Overview of Financial Position 
  The following table illustrates the change in the individual line items of the Company's condensed consolidated balance sheet (in millions): 

1    Includes a decrease in net assets of   $415 million   resulting from foreign currency translation adjustments in various balance sheet line items. 
  The increases (decreases) in the table above include the impact of the following transactions and events: 
             
    Assets held for sale and liabilities held for sale decreased primarily due to the deconsolidation of the Company's German and South African bottling operations which were previously classified as held for sale, partially offset by the Company's China bottling operations and additional North America bottling territories being reclassified as held for sale. Refer to Note 2 of Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. 
                
    Equity method investments increased primarily as a result of the Company's new investments in CCEP, CCBA and CCBA's South African subsidiary, partially offset by the derecognition of the Company's former equity method investment in South Africa. Refer to Note 2 of Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. 
                
    Other investments decreased primarily due to the disposal of the Company's investment in Keurig, which was accounted for as an available-for-sale security. Refer to Note 2 of Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. 
                
    Property, plant and equipment and bottlers' franchise rights decreased primarily as a result of additional North America bottling territories being refranchised or reclassified as held for sale as well as the Company's China bottling operations being reclassified as held for sale. Refer to Note 2 of Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements.  
                
    Accounts payable and accrued expenses increased primarily due to the Company's third quarter 2016 dividend payment, which was payable to shareowners of record as of September 15, 2016. This payment was made on October 3, 2016. 
                
    Current maturities of long-term debt increased primarily due to a portion of the Company's long-term debt maturing within the next 12 months and being reclassified as current. Refer to the heading "Cash Flows from Financing Activities" above for additional information. 
                
    Long-term debt increased due to the Company's recent issuances of Australian dollar-, euro- and U.S. dollar-denominated debt, partially offset by a portion of the Company's long-term debt maturing within the next 12 months and being reclassified as current. Refer to the heading "Cash Flows from Financing Activities" above for additional information. 
     
   65 

Item 3.  Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
  We have no material changes to the disclosures on this matter made in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015  . 
   
  Item 4.  Controls and Procedures 
  Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
  The Company, under the supervision and with the participation of its management, including the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer, evaluated the effectiveness of the design and operation of the Company's "disclosure controls and procedures" (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act")) as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based on that evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer concluded that the Company's disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of   September 30, 2016  . 
  Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
  There have been no changes in the Company's internal control over financial reporting during the quarter ended   September 30, 2016  , that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company's internal control over financial reporting. 
   
  Part II. Other Information 
   
  Item 1.  Legal Proceedings 
  Information regarding reportable legal proceedings is contained in Part I, "Item 3. Legal Proceedings" in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015, as updated in Part II, "Item 1. Legal Proceedings" in our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended April 1, 2016. The following further updates and restates the description of the previously reported   U.S. Federal Income Tax Dispute   matter. 
  U.S. Federal Income Tax Dispute 
  On September 17, 2015, the Company received a Statutory Notice of Deficiency ("Notice") from the Internal Revenue Service ("IRS") for the tax years 2007 through 2009, after a five-year audit. In the Notice, the IRS claims that the Company's United States taxable income should be increased by an amount that creates a potential additional federal income tax liability of approximately $3.3 billion for the period, plus interest. No penalties were asserted in the Notice. The disputed amounts largely relate to a transfer pricing matter involving the appropriate amount of taxable income the Company should report in the United States in connection with its licensing of intangible property to certain related foreign licensees regarding the manufacturing, distribution, sale, marketing and promotion of products in overseas markets. 
  The Company has followed the same transfer pricing methodology for these licenses since the methodology was agreed with the IRS in a 1996 closing agreement that applied back to 1987. The closing agreement provides prospective penalty protection as long as the Company follows the prescribed methodology and material facts and circumstances and relevant Federal tax law have not changed. On February 11, 2016, the IRS notified the Company, without further explanation, that the IRS has determined that material facts and circumstances and relevant Federal tax law have changed and that it may assert penalties. The Company does not agree with this determination. The Company's compliance with the closing agreement was audited and confirmed by the IRS in five successive audit cycles covering the subsequent 11 years through 2006, with the last audit concluding as recently as 2009. 
  The Notice represents a repudiation of the methodology previously adopted in the 1996 closing agreement. The IRS designated the matter for litigation on October 15, 2015. To the extent the matter remains designated, the Company will be prevented from pursuing any administrative settlement at IRS Appeals or under the IRS Advance Pricing and Mutual Agreement Program. 
  The Company firmly believes that the IRS' claims are without merit and plans to pursue all available administrative and judicial remedies necessary to resolve this matter. To that end, the Company filed a petition in the U.S. Tax Court on December 14, 2015, and the IRS filed its answer on February 12, 2016. A trial date has been set for March 5, 2018. The Company intends to vigorously defend its position and is confident in its ability to prevail on the merits.  
  
   66 

Item 1A.  Risk Factors 
  In addition to the other information set forth in this report, you should carefully consider the factors discussed in Part I, "Item 1A. Risk Factors" in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015  , which could materially affect our business, financial condition or future results. The risks described in this report and in our Annual Report on Form 10-K are not the only risks facing our Company. Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently deem to be immaterial also may materially adversely affect our business, financial condition or future results. 
   
  Item 2.  Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
  The following table presents information with respect to purchases of common stock of the Company made during the   three months ended     September 30, 2016  , by The Coca-Cola Company or any "affiliated purchaser" of The Coca-Cola Company as defined in Rule 10b-18(a)(3) under the Exchange Act: 

1    The total number of shares purchased includes: (1) shares purchased pursuant to the 2012 Plan described in footnote 2 below; and (2) shares surrendered to the Company to pay the exercise price and/or to satisfy tax withholding obligations in connection with so-called stock swap exercises of employee stock options and/or the vesting of restricted stock issued to employees, totaling 8,655 shares, 541,598 shares and zero shares for the fiscal months of July, August and September 2016, respectively. 
   2    On October 18, 2012, we publicly announced that our Board of Directors had authorized a plan (the "2012 Plan") for the Company to purchase up to 500 million shares of our Company's common stock. This column discloses the number of shares purchased pursuant to the 2012 Plan during the indicated time periods (including shares purchased pursuant to the terms of preset trading plans meeting the requirements of Rule 10b5-1 under the Exchange Act). 
   
  Item 6.  Exhibits 
  In reviewing the agreements included as exhibits to this report, please remember they are included to provide you with information regarding their terms and are not intended to provide any other factual or disclosure information about the Company or the other parties to the agreements. The agreements contain representations, warranties, covenants and conditions by or of each of the parties to the applicable agreement. These representations, warranties, covenants and conditions have been made solely for the benefit of the other parties to the applicable agreement and: 
             
    should not in all instances be treated as categorical statements of fact, but rather as a way of allocating the risk to one of the parties if those statements prove to be inaccurate; 
                
    may have been qualified by disclosures that were made to the other party in connection with the negotiation of the applicable agreement, which disclosures are not necessarily reflected in the agreement; 
                
    may apply standards of materiality in a way that is different from what may be viewed as material to you or other investors; and 
                
    were made only as of the date of the applicable agreement or such other date or dates as may be specified in the agreement and are subject to more recent developments. 
     Accordingly, these representations, warranties, covenants and conditions may not describe the actual state of affairs as of the date they were made or at any other time. Additional information about the Company may be found elsewhere in this report and the Company's other public filings, which are available without charge through the Securities and Exchange Commission's website at http://www.sec.gov. 
  
   67 

68 

69 

SIGNATURE 
  Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

THE COCA-COLA COMPANY 
  (REGISTRANT) 

/s/ LARRY M. MARK 
      Date: 
    October 27, 2016 
    Larry M. Mark 
  Vice President and Controller 
  (As Principal Accounting Officer) 

/s/ MARK RANDAZZA 
      Date: 
    October 27, 2016 
    Mark Randazza 
  Vice President and Assistant Controller 
  (On behalf of the Registrant) 

70 

EXHIBIT INDEX 

71 

72 

<EX-10.1>
 2
 a20160930ex-101.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.1

Exhibit 

Exhibit 10.1 

COCA-COLA INDIA, INC. 
  One Coca-Cola Plaza 
  Atlanta, Georgia 30313 
    
    July 12, 2016 
    
  Atul Singh 
  Gurgaon, India 
    
  Dear Atul, 
    
  We thank you very much for all of your contributions to the Coca-Cola system. This letter outlines the terms of your separation.  All applicable elements of your separation package will be paid under the terms of the relevant policies and plans of The Coca-Cola Company (the  Company ).  
    
           1. 
    You will step down from your current position of President, Asia Pacific Group on July 31, 2016.  Thereafter, through March 31, 2017, you will work your normal schedule and assist with the transition of your responsibilities and related work as necessary. This will include serving as Chairman, Asia Pacific Group. 

3. 
    The Company will pay to relocate you pursuant to the Global Mobility Program.  Your move must be complete, and all requests for reimbursement received, by June 30, 2017. 
       
           4. 
    All assignment-related allowances cease upon the effective date of your relocation, but no later than your Separation Date.      
       
           5. 
    If you sign the enclosed release, you will be eligible for a benefit under the Company s Severance Pay Plan equivalent to two years of base salary.  This amount will be paid in a lump sum amount on or shortly after your Separation Date.  This amount is subject to all applicable tax and withholdings, including hypothetical tax. 
       
           6. 
    You will receive an annual incentive award for 2016.  The actual payment amount is contingent upon actual Company performance and your performance.  Any award will be paid on or about March 15, 2017.  Your participation and any award made to you shall be determined by the Compensation Committee. This amount is subject to all applicable tax and withholdings, including hypothetical tax. 
       
           7. 
    You will receive an annual incentive award for 2017 prorated for three months.  The actual payment amount is contingent upon actual Company performance and your performance.  Any award will be paid on or about March 15, 2018.  Your participation and any award made to you shall be determined by the Compensation Committee. This amount is subject to all applicable tax and withholdings, including hypothetical tax. 

8. 
    All options which you previously have received will be exercisable according to the terms of The Coca-Cola Company s applicable equity plans and programs as well as your related Stock Option Grant Agreements.  You are eligible for the Special Equity Program and treatment of your stock options under this program. When you exercise your vested stock options, you will be personally liable for paying any taxes owed on such exercises.  You will not receive any additional equity grants. 
       
           9. 
    All performance share unit (PSU) awards which you previously have received will be treated according to the terms of The Coca-Cola Company s applicable equity plans and programs as well as your related PSU Agreements.  You are eligible for the Special Equity Program and treatment of your PSU awards under this program. You will be personally liable for paying any taxes owed upon receipt of any award.   
       
           10. 
    Your retirement benefits will consist of those benefits from The Coca-Cola Company Pension Plan, The Coca-Cola Company 401(k) Plan and all other plans in which you participate and in which benefits are vested as of your Separation Date.   
       
           11. 
    You will continue to be reimbursed up to $10,000 per year in financial planning and related expenses incurred by you annually up through your Separation Date.   
       
           12. 
    You will be eligible for retiree health and welfare coverage pursuant to the applicable plans of The Coca-Cola Company. 
       
           13. 
    The Company will provide you with the standard repatriation allowances pursuant to the Global Mobility Program.    
       
           14. 
    The Company will provide at its expense outplacement/transition services through a designated services provider. 
       
           15. 
    The terms and conditions in this letter are further conditioned upon your signing and adhering to the attached Full and Complete Release and Agreement on Competition, Trade Secrets and Confidentiality. 
       
  If you have any questions or would like more information regarding the above, please call Ceree. 
    
  Sincerely, 
    
  /s/ Robert J. Jordan, Jr. 
  Robert J. Jordan, Jr. 
  Director and Vice President 

Agreed to and accepted this   29   day of   July  , 2016. 

/s/ Atul Singh 
  Atul Singh 

Attachments 
  cc:        Ceree Eberly 
    Executive Compensation 
    Executive Services 

FULL AND COMPLETE RELEASE 
  AND AGREEMENT ON COMPETITION, 
  TRADE SECRETS AND CONFIDENTIALITY 
  Release  . 
  I, Atul Singh, in consideration of the payments and benefits under The Coca-Cola Company Severance Pay Plan, payments under the Global Mobility policy, special equity vesting rights under the Special Equity Program and pursuant to the equity agreements accepted by me, and other good and valuable consideration, for myself and my heirs, executors, administrators and assigns, do hereby knowingly and voluntarily release and forever discharge The Coca-Cola Company ( TCCC ) and its subsidiaries, affiliates, joint ventures, joint venture partners,     and benefit plans (collectively with TCCC, referred to herein as the  Company"), and their respective current and former directors, officers, administrators, trustees, employees, agents, and other representatives, (collectively with the Company, referred to herein as  Releasees ) from all debts, claims, actions, causes of action (including without limitation those under the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended, 29 U.S.C.   1001   et     seq.  ; the Worker Adjustment and Retraining Notification Act of 1988, 29 U.S.C.   2101   et     seq.  ; and those federal, state, local, and foreign laws prohibiting employment discrimination based on age, sex, race, color, national origin, religion, disability, veteran or marital status, sexual orientation, or any other protected trait or characteristic, or retaliation for engaging in any protected activity, including without limitation the Age Discrimination in Employment Act of 1967, 29 U.S.C.   621   et     seq.   ( ADEA ), as amended by the Older Workers Benefit Protection Act, P.L. 101-433; the Equal Pay Act of 1963, 9 U.S.C.  206,   et     seq  .; Title VII of The Civil Rights Act of 1964, as amended, 42 U.S.C.   2000e   et     seq  .; the Civil Rights Act of 1866, 42 U.S.C.   1981; the Civil Rights Act of 1991, 42 U.S.C.   1981a; the Americans with Disabilities Act, 42 U.S.C.   12101   et     seq  .; the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, 29 U.S.C.   791   et     seq  .; and comparable state, local, and foreign causes of action, whether statutory or common law), suits, dues, sums of money, accounts, reckonings, covenants, contracts, claims for costs or attorneys' fees, controversies,  

agreements, promises, and all liabilities of any kind or nature whatsoever, at law, in equity, or otherwise, KNOWN OR UNKNOWN, fixed or contingent, which I ever had, now have, or may have, or which I, my heirs, executors, administrators or assigns hereafter can, shall, or may have in the future, including without limitation those arising out of or related to my employment or separation from employment with the Company through the date of this Full and Complete Release and Agreement on Competition, Trade Secrets and Confidentiality ("Agreement"). 
  I fully understand and agree that: 
           1. 
    this Agreement is in exchange for the payments and benefits under The Coca-Cola Company Severance Pay Plan, payments under the Global Mobility policy, special equity vesting rights under the Special Equity Program and pursuant to the equity agreements accepted by me, and other compensation to which I would otherwise not be entitled; 
              2. 
    I am hereby advised to consult with an attorney before signing this Agreement; 
              3. 
    I have 21 days from my receipt of this Agreement     within which to consider whether to sign it; 
              4. 
    I have seven days following my signature of this Agreement to revoke the Agreement; and 
              5. 
    this Agreement shall not become effective or enforceable until the revocation period of seven days has expired. 
     If I choose to revoke this Agreement, I must do so by notifying TCCC in writing.          Notwithstanding any other provision or paragraph of this Agreement, I do not hereby waive any rights or claims for which waivers or releases are prohibited by applicable law or any rights or claims under the ADEA that may arise after the date I sign this Agreement.  
  If there is any claim for loss of consortium, or any other similar claim, arising out of or related to my employment or separation of employment with TCCC, I will indemnify and hold Releasees harmless from any liability, including costs and expenses (as well as reasonable attorneys' fees) incurred by the Releasees as a result of any such claim. 

I acknowledge and represent that (i) I have received all leave required under the Family and Medical Leave Act of 1993, as amended ( FMLA ), and (ii) do not claim that Releasees violated or denied me rights under the FMLA.  I further acknowledge and represent that I (i) was properly classified as exempt under the Fair Labor Standards Act of 1938, as amended ( FLSA ), (ii) have been fully paid for hours I worked for TCCC and (iii) do not claim that TCCC violated or denied me rights under the FLSA. 
  I additionally understand and agree that this Agreement is not and shall not be construed to be an admission of liability of any kind on the part any of the Releasees. 
  Future Cooperation  . 
  I covenant and agree that I shall, to the extent reasonably requested in writing, fully cooperate with and serve in any capacity requested by the Company in any investigation and/or threatened or pending litigation (now or in the future) in which the Company is a party, and regarding matters which I, by virtue of my employment with TCCC, have knowledge or information relevant to said litigation, including, but not limited to (i) meeting with representatives of the Company to provide truthful information regarding my knowledge, (ii) acting as the Company s representative, and (iii) providing, in any jurisdiction in which the Company requests, truthful testimony relevant to said litigation, provided the Company pays me reasonable compensation and reimburses me for reasonable expenses incurred in connection with such cooperation.  
  In addition, upon request from the Company at any time, I will resign and/or sign any required documents necessary to resign or step down from any board positions I hold by virtue pf my position or employment with the Company. 
  Trade Secrets and Confidential Information  . 
  I covenant and agree that I have held and shall continue to hold in confidence all Trade Secrets of the Company that came into my knowledge during my employment by TCCC and shall not disclose, publish or make use of at any time such Trade Secrets for as long as the information remains a Trade Secret.  "Trade Secret" means any technical or non-technical data, formula, pattern, compilation, program, device, method, technique, drawing,  

process, financial data, financial plan, product plan, list of actual or potential customers or suppliers or other information similar to any of the foregoing, which (i) derives economic value, actual or potential, from not being generally known to and not being readily ascertainable by proper means by, other persons who can derive economic value from its disclosure or use, and (ii) is the subject of efforts that are reasonable under the circumstances to maintain its secrecy. 
  I also covenant and agree that, for the period beginning on the date I sign this Agreement and ending two years after I have signed this Agreement or two years after the date my employment ends, whichever is later ( Nondisclosure Period ), I will hold in confidence all Confidential Information of the Company that came into my knowledge during my employment by TCCC and will not disclose, publish or make use of such Confidential Information.  "Confidential Information" means any data or information, other than Trade Secrets, that is valuable to the Company and not generally known to the public or to competitors of the Company. 
  The restrictions stated in this Agreement are in addition to and not in lieu of protections afforded to trade secrets and confidential information under applicable state law or any prior agreement that I have signed or made with the Company regarding trade secrets, confidential information, or intellectual property.  Nothing in this Agreement is intended to or shall be interpreted as diminishing or otherwise limiting the Company s right under applicable state law or any prior agreement that I have signed or made with the Company regarding trade secrets, confidential information, or intellectual property.   
  Return of Materials  . 
  I further covenant and agree that I have or shall promptly deliver to the Company all memoranda, notes, records, manuals or other documents, including all copies of such materials and all documentation prepared or produced in connection therewith, containing Trade Secrets or Confidential Information regarding the Company's business, whether made or compiled by me or furnished to me by virtue of my employment with the Company.  I shall promptly deliver to the Company, all vehicles, computers, credit cards, telephones, handheld  

electronic devices, office equipment, and other property furnished to me by virtue of my employment with the Company. 
  No Publicity  . 
  During the Nondisclosure Period, I will not publish any opinion, fact, or material, deliver any lecture or address, participate in the making of any film, radio broadcast or television transmission, or communicate with any representative of the media relating to confidential matters regarding the business or affairs of the Company which I was involved with during my employment. 
    
  Non Compete and Non Solicitation  . 
  Definitions  . 
  For the purposes of this Section, the following definitions apply: 
  (a)         Non Solicitation Period  means the period beginning on the date I sign this Agreement and ending on March 31, 2019. 
  (b)         Restricted Activities  means involvement in, development of, or oversight of the manufacturing, distribution, marketing, sales, operation, innovation, financial or commercial leadership activities for Restricted Businesses. 
  (c)         Restricted Businesses  means 1) companies whose primary business is the manufacture, sale, distribution and marketing of either carbonated soft drinks, coffee, tea, water, sports drinks, energy drinks, juices or fruit-based beverages ( Non-alcoholic Beverages ) or beverage enhancers, beverage solutions, beverage enablers or other additives, which primarily are intended for use in non-alcoholic beverages, ( Beverage Enhancers ), and 2) companies whose business activities includes the manufacture, sale, distribution and marketing of Non-alcoholic Beverages or Beverage Enhancers, but for whom such business(es) may not be the company s primary business ( Non-Beverage Companies ). 
  (d)         Territory  Means the countries listed in Attachment A. 

(e)         Competing Business Segment  means any subsidiary, division, or unit of the business of a company, where such subsidiary, division, or unit manufactures, sells, distributes, or markets Non-alcoholic Beverages or Beverage Enhancers. 
  Non-Compete  . 
  I hereby covenant with the Company that I will not, within the Territory prior to March 31, 2019, without the prior written consent of the President of TCCC (the  President ), directly or indirectly engage in any Restricted Activities for or on behalf of (including in a consulting capacity) any Restricted Business.  In addition, I hereby covenant with the Company that I will not, within any country or any geographic location, prior to March 31, 2019, without the prior written consent of the President directly or indirectly engage in any Restricted Activities for or on behalf of (including in a consulting capacity) PepsiCo or Pepsi Bottling Group (or their respective parents, subsidiaries and affiliates). 
  Notwithstanding the foregoing, I may perform services for Non-Beverage Companies (other than PepsiCo or Pepsi Bottling Group or their respective parents, subsidiaries and affiliates) that have a Competing Business Segment, provided I do not perform Restricted Activities for such Competing Business Segment, and provided I notify the President of the nature of such service in writing within a reasonable time prior to beginning performance of such services. 
  Non Solicitation of Employees  . 
  I hereby covenant and agree that I will not, during the Non Solicitation Period, without the prior written consent of the President, solicit or encourage, or attempt to solicit or encourage, directly or indirectly, for employment for or on behalf of any corporation, partnership, venture or other business entity any person who, on the last day of my employment with TCCC or within twelve months prior to that date, was employed by the Company as a manager or executive and with whom I had professional interaction during the last twelve months of my employment with TCCC to terminate his or her employment with the Company or to accept employment with any other person or entity (whether or not such person would commit a breach of contract by leaving the Company). 

Non Solicitation of Customers  . 
    
  I hereby covenant and agree that I will not, During the Non Solicitation Period, without the prior written consent of the President,     solicit or encourage, or attempt to solicit or encourage, directly or indirectly, any of the Company s customers, including actively sought prospective customers with whom I had professional interaction during my employment with the Company, to reduce the amount of business which any customer has customarily done with the Company or contemplates doing with the Company by doing business with any of the Restricted Businesses.   
  Reasonable and Necessary Restrictions  . 
  I acknowledge that during the course of my employment with TCCC I have received or will receive and had or will have access to Confidential Information and Trade Secrets of the Company, including but not limited to confidential and secret business and marketing plans, strategies, and studies, detailed client/customer/bottler lists and information relating to the operations and business requirements of those clients/customers/bottlers and, accordingly, I am willing to enter into the covenants contained in this Agreement in order to provide the Company with what I consider to be reasonable protection for its interests. 
  I acknowledge that the restrictions, prohibitions and other provisions hereof, are reasonable, fair and equitable in scope, terms and duration, and are necessary to protect the legitimate business interests of the Company.  I covenant that I will not challenge the enforceability of this Agreement nor will I raise any equitable defense to its enforcement.  
  I acknowledge and agree that in the event I breach, or threaten in any way to breach, or it is inevitable that I will breach, any of the provisions of this Agreement, damages shall be an inadequate remedy and the Company shall be entitled, without bond, to injunctive or other equitable relief in addition to all other rights otherwise available to the Company at law or in equity. 
  Non-Disparagement  . 

I agree that I will not make any statement, written or verbal, in any forum or media, or take any action in disparagement of the Company, including but not limited to negative references to the Company or its products, services, corporate policies, or current or former officers or employees, customers, suppliers, or business partners or associates.   
  Complete Agreement  . 
  This Agreement is the complete understanding between me and the Company in respect of the subject matter of this Agreement and, with the exception of any prior agreement that I have signed or made with the Company regarding trade secrets, confidential information, or intellectual property, supersedes all prior agreements relating to the same subject matter.  I have not relied upon any representations, promises or agreements of any kind except those set forth herein in signing this Agreement. 
  Severability  . 
  In the event that any provision of this Agreement should be held to be invalid or unenforceable, each and all of the other provisions of this Agreement shall remain in full force and effect.  If any provision of this Agreement is found to be invalid or unenforceable, such provision shall be modified as necessary to permit this Agreement to be upheld and enforced to the maximum extent permitted by law. 
  Governing Law  . 
  Except to the extent preempted by Federal Law, this Agreement will be construed, interpreted, and applied in accordance with the laws of the State of Georgia, without regard to principles of conflicts of law or giving effect to the choice-of-law provisions of the State of Georgia or any other jurisdiction and any legal action related to or arising out of this Agreement will be brought exclusively in the federal or state courts located in the State of Georgia.  I hereby consent to the jurisdiction of such courts. 
    
  Successors and Assigns  . 
  This Agreement inures to the benefit of the Company and its successors and assigns. 

Amendment/Waiver  . 
  No amendment, modification or discharge of this Agreement shall be valid or binding unless set forth in writing and duly executed by each of the parties hereto. 
  Acknowledgment  . 
  I have carefully read this Agreement, fully understand each of its terms and conditions, and intend to abide by this Agreement in every respect.  As such, I knowingly and voluntarily sign this Agreement.   
  /s/ Atul Singh 
  Atul Singh 
  Date:    July 29, 2016       

ATTACHMENT A 
  Australia 
  Bangladesh 
  Bhutan 
  Brunei 
  Cambodia 
  China 
  East Timor 
  Fiji 
  French Polynesia 
  Hong Kong 
  India 
  Indonesia 
  Japan 
  Kiribati 
  Laos 
  Macao 
  Malaysia 
  Maldives 
  Mongolia 
  Myanmar 
  Nauru 
  Nepal 
  New Caledonia 
  New Zealand 
  Papua New Guinea 
  Philippines 
  Samoa 
  Singapore 
  Solomon Islands 
  South Korea 
  Sri Lanka 
  Taiwan 
  Thailand 
  Tonga 
  Tuvalu 
  Vanuatu 
  Vietnam 

</EX-10.1>

<EX-12.1>
 3
 a20160930ex-121.htm
 EXHIBIT 12.1

Exhibit 

Exhibit 12.1 
  THE COCA-COLA COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  COMPUTATION OF RATIO OF EARNINGS TO FIXED CHARGES 

As of   September 30, 2016  , the Company was contingently liable for guarantees of indebtedness owed by third parties, including certain variable interest entities, in the amount of $  550 million  . Fixed charges for these contingent liabilities have not been included in the computation of the above ratios, as the amounts are immaterial and, in the opinion of management, it is not probable that the Company will be required to satisfy the guarantees. The interest amount in the above table does not include interest expense associated with unrecognized tax benefits. 

</EX-12.1>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 a20160930ex-311.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 

Exhibit 31.1  
    
  CERTIFICATIONS  
  I, Muhtar Kent, Chairman of the Board of Directors and Chief Executive Officer of The Coca-Cola Company, certify that:  
           1. 
    I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of The Coca-Cola Company;  
              2. 
    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
              3. 
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;  
              4. 
    The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:  
              (a) 
    Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;  
              (b) 
    Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;  
              (c) 
    Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and  
              (d) 
    Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and  
              5. 
    The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):  
              (a) 
    All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
              (b) 
    Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting.  
                    Date: 
    October 27, 2016 

/  s  / MUHTAR KENT 
      Muhtar Kent 
  Chairman of the Board of Directors 
  and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 a20160930ex-312.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 

Exhibit 31.2 
    
  CERTIFICATIONS  
  I, Kathy N. Waller, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of The Coca-Cola Company, certify that:  
           1. 
    I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of The Coca-Cola Company;  
              2. 
    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
              3. 
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;  
              4. 
    The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:  
              (a) 
    Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;  
              (b) 
    Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;  
              (c) 
    Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and  
              (d) 
    Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and  
              5. 
    The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):  
              (a) 
    All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
              (b) 
    Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting.  
                    Date: 
    October 27, 2016 

/  s  / KATHY N. WALLER 
      Kathy N. Waller 
  Executive Vice President and  
  Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 a20160930ex-321.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 

Exhibit 32.1  
    
  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
  18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  
  In connection with the quarterly report of The Coca-Cola Company (the "Company") on Form 10-Q for the period ended   September 30, 2016   (the "Report"), I, Muhtar Kent, Chairman of the Board of Directors and Chief Executive Officer of the Company and I, Kathy N. Waller, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of the Company, each certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that:  
           (1) 
    to my knowledge, the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and  
              (2) 
    the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.  
                    
      /  s  / MUHTAR KENT 
      Muhtar Kent 
  Chairman of the Board of Directors 
  and Chief Executive Officer 
      October 27, 2016 

/  s  / KATHY N. WALLER 
      Kathy N. Waller 
  Executive Vice President and 
  Chief Financial Officer 
      October 27, 2016 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.INS>
 7
 ko-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 ko-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 9
 ko-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 ko-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 ko-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 ko-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

