<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161108_10-Q_edgar_data_714310_0000714310-16-000290_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>19863902</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>237468</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>789746</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>7759131</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>8613514</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2062088</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>83</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000714310-16-000290.hdr.sgml : 20161108
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161108163248
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000714310-16-000290
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		93
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161108
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161108

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			VALLEY NATIONAL BANCORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000714310
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	NATIONAL COMMERCIAL BANKS [6021]
		IRS NUMBER:				222477875
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NJ
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-11277
		FILM NUMBER:		161981649

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1455 VALLEY RD
		CITY:			WAYNE
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			07470
		BUSINESS PHONE:		9733053380

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1455 VALLEY RD
		CITY:			WAYNE
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			07470

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000714310-16-000290.txt : 20161108

10-Q
 1
 vly-9302016x10q.htm
 10-Q

Document 

UNITED STATES  
  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
  Washington, DC 20549       

FORM 10-Q  

(Mark One) 

For the Quarterly Period Ended   September 30, 2016    
  OR 
   
 For the transition period from                          to                        
  Commission File Number 1-11277    

VALLEY NATIONAL BANCORP 
  (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

973-305-8800 
  (Registrant s telephone number, including area code)    

Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.    Yes    x      No     
  Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files.)    Yes    x      No       
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act (check one): 
                     Large accelerated filer 
    x 
    Accelerated filer 

Non-accelerated filer 
        (Do not check if a smaller reporting company) 
    Smaller reporting company 

Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).    Yes           No    x 
  Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the issuer s classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date. Common Stock (no par value), of which   254,529,715   shares were outstanding as of   November 3, 2016                 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 
  Number 
      PART I 
     FINANCIAL INFORMATION  

Item 1. 
     Financial Statements (Unaudited)  

Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015  
    2 
        
     Consolidated Statements of Income for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015  
    3 
        
     Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015  
    4 
        
     Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015  
    5 
        
     Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements  
    7 

Item 2. 
     Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  
    45 

Item 3. 
     Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk  
    84 

Item 4. 
     Controls and Procedures  
    84 

PART II 
     OTHER INFORMATION  

Item 1. 
     Legal Proceedings  
    85 

Item 1A. 
     Risk Factors  
    85 

Item 2. 
     Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds  
    85 

Item 6. 
     Exhibits  
    86 

SIGNATURES  
    87 

1 

PART I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
   
  Item 1. Financial Statements 
   
  VALLEY NATIONAL BANCORP 
  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION 
  (in thousands, except for share data)   

  See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
  
   2 

VALLEY NATIONAL BANCORP 
  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME (Unaudited) 
  (in thousands, except for share data) 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
  
   3 

VALLEY NATIONAL BANCORP 
  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (Unaudited) 
  (in thousands) 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

4 

VALLEY NATIONAL BANCORP 
  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (Unaudited)  
  (in thousands)   

5 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

6 

VALLEY NATIONAL BANCORP 
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
  (Unaudited) 
   
   Note 1. Basis of Presentation 
  The unaudited consolidated financial statements of Valley National Bancorp, a New Jersey corporation (Valley), include the accounts of its commercial bank subsidiary, Valley National Bank (the  Bank ), and all of Valley s direct or indirect wholly-owned subsidiaries. All inter-company transactions and balances have been eliminated. The accounting and reporting policies of Valley conform to U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (U.S. GAAP) and general practices within the financial services industry. In accordance with applicable accounting standards, Valley does not consolidate statutory trusts established for the sole purpose of issuing trust preferred securities and related trust common securities. 
  In the opinion of management, all adjustments (which include only normal recurring adjustments) necessary to present fairly Valley s financial position, results of operations and cash flows at   September 30, 2016   and for all periods presented have been made. The results of operations for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   are not necessarily indicative of the results to be expected for the entire fiscal year. 
  In preparing the unaudited consolidated financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP, management has made estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities as of the date of the consolidated statements of financial condition and results of operations for the periods indicated. Material estimates that are particularly susceptible to change are: the allowance for loan losses; the evaluation of goodwill and other intangible assets, and investment securities for impairment; fair value measurements of assets and liabilities; and income taxes. Estimates and assumptions are reviewed periodically and the effects of revisions are reflected in the consolidated financial statements in the period they are deemed necessary. While management uses its best judgment, actual amounts or results could differ significantly from those estimates. The current economic environment has increased the degree of uncertainty inherent in these material estimates. 
  Certain information and footnote disclosures normally included in financial statements prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP and industry practice have been condensed or omitted pursuant to rules and regulations of the SEC. These financial statements should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and notes thereto included in Valley s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015  . 
  In August 2016, we elected to prepay   $405 million   of FHLB borrowings with various maturity dates in 2018. The prepaid borrowings with a total average cost of   3.69 percent   were funded with a new fixed-rate five-year FHLB advance totaling   $405 million  .  The transaction was accounted for as a debt modification under U.S. GAAP.  As a result, the new advance has an adjusted annual interest rate of   2.51 percent  , after amortization of prepayment penalties totaling   $20 million   paid to the FHLB. 
   
  Note 2. Business Combinations 
    
  O  n January 4, 2016, Masters Coverage Corp., an all-line insurance agency that is a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Bank, acquired certain assets of an independent insurance agency located in New York. The purchase price totaled approximately   $1.4 million   in cash and future cash consideration. The transaction generated goodwill and other intangible assets totaling   $701 thousand   and   $660 thousand  , respectively.  
    
  On December 1, 2015, Valley completed its acquisition of CNLBancshares, Inc. (CNL) and its wholly-owned subsidiary, CNLBank, headquartered in Orlando, Florida, a commercial bank with approximately   $1.6 billion   in assets,   $825 million   in loans, and   $1.2 billion   in deposits and   16   branch offices on the date of its acquisition by Valley. The common shareholders of CNL received   0.705   of a share of Valley common stock for each CNL share they owned prior to the merger. The total consideration for the acquisition was approximately   $230 million  , consisting of   20.6 million   shares of Valley's common stock.  

7 

During the first quarter of 2016, Valley revised the estimated fair values of the acquired assets as of the acquisition date as the result of additional information obtained. The adjustments mostly related to the fair value of certain purchased credit-impaired (PCI) loans, core deposit intangibles and time deposits which, on a combined basis, resulted in a   $2.5 million   increase in goodwill (see Note 10 for amount of goodwill as allocated to Valley's business segments). If additional information (that existed at the date of close) becomes available, the fair value estimates for acquired assets and assumed liabilities are subject to change for up to one year after the closing date of the CNL acquisition.  
   
  Note 3. Earnings Per Common Share 
  The following table shows the calculation of both basic and diluted earnings per common share for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  . 

Common stock equivalents represent the dilutive effect of additional common shares issuable upon the assumed vesting or exercise, if applicable, of performance-based restricted stock units, common stock options and warrants to purchase Valley s common shares. Common stock options and warrants with exercise prices that exceed the average market price of Valley s common stock during the periods presented have an anti-dilutive effect on the diluted earnings per common share calculation and therefore are excluded from the diluted earnings per share calculation.  Anti-dilutive common stock options and warrants equaled approximately   4.6 million     shares for both the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   5.0 million   shares for both the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  . 
  
   8 

Note 4. Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss 
    
  The following table presents the after-tax changes in the balances of each component of accumulated other comprehensive loss for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  .     

9 

The following table presents amounts reclassified from each component of accumulated other comprehensive loss on a gross and net of tax basis for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  .  

* 
    Amortization of net loss is included in the computation of net periodic pension cost. 

10 

Note 5. New Authoritative Accounting Guidance 
    
  Accounting Standards Update (ASU) No. 2016-15, "Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 230): Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments" clarifies on how certain cash receipts and cash payments should be classified and presented in the statement of cash flow.  The ASU No. 2016-15 includes guidance on eight cash flow classification issues. ASU No. 2016-15 is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017 and is not expected to have a significant impact on Valley's consolidated financial statements. 
    
  ASU No. 2016-13, "Financial Instruments - Credit Losses (Topic 326): Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments" amends the accounting guidance on the impairment of financial instruments. The ASU No. 2016-13 adds to U.S. GAAP an impairment model (known as the current expected credit loss (CECL) model) that is based on expected losses rather than incurred losses. Under the new guidance, an entity is required to measure all expected credit losses for financial assets held at the reporting date based on historical experience, current conditions, and reasonable and supportable forecasts. ASU No. 2016-13 is effective for Valley for reporting periods beginning January 1, 2020. Management is currently evaluating the impact of the ASU No. 2016-13 on Valley s consolidated financial statements. 
    
  ASU No. 2016-09, "Compensation - Stock Compensation (Topic 718): Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting" simplifies several aspects of the stock compensation guidance in Topic 718 and other related guidance. The amendments focus on income tax accounting upon vesting or exercise of share-based payments, award classification, liability classification exception for statutory tax withholding requirements, estimating forfeitures, and cash flow presentation.  ASU No. 2016-09 is effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2017, and interim periods within annual periods beginning after December 15, 2018 with an early adoption permitted.  ASU No. 2016-09 is not expected to have a significant impact on Valley's consolidated financial statements. 
    
  ASU No. 2016-02,  Leases (Topic 842)  requires the recognition of a right of use asset and related lease liability by lessees for leases classified as operating leases under current GAAP.  Topic 842, which replaces the current guidance under Topic 840, retains a distinction between finance leases and operating leases. The recognition, measurement, and presentation of expenses and cash flows arising from a lease by a lessee also will not significantly change from current GAAP.  For leases with a term of 12 months or less, a lessee is permitted to make an accounting policy election by class of underlying asset not to recognize right of use assets and lease liabilities. Topic 842 will be effective for Valley for reporting periods beginning January 1, 2019, with an early adoption permitted. Valley must apply a modified retrospective transition approach for the applicable leases existing at, or entered into after, the beginning of the earliest comparative period presented in the financial statements. The modified retrospective approach would not require any transition accounting for leases that expired before the earliest comparative period presented. Management is currently evaluating the impact of Topic 842 on Valley s consolidated financial statements. 
    
  ASU No. 2016-01,  Financial Instruments - Overall (Subtopic 825-10) - Recognition and Measurement of Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities  requires that: (i) equity investments with readily determinable fair values must be measured at fair value with changes in fair value recognized in net income, (2) equity investments without readily determinable fair values must be measured at either fair value or at cost adjusted for changes in observable prices minus impairment. Changes in value under either of these methods would be recognized in net income, (3) entities that record financial liabilities at fair value due to a fair value option election must recognize changes in fair value in other comprehensive income if it is related to instrument-specific credit risk, and (4) entities must assess whether a valuation allowance is required for deferred tax assets related to available-for-sale debt securities. ASU No. 2016-01 is effective for Valley for reporting periods beginning January 1, 2018 and is not expected to have a material effect on Valley s consolidated financial statements.  
    
  ASU No. 2015-07, "Fair Value Measurement (Topic 820) - Disclosure for Investments in Certain Entities That Calculate Net Asset Value per Share (or Its Equivalent)", which removes the requirement to categorize within the fair value hierarchy all investments for which the fair value is measured using the net asset value per share practical  
  
   11 

expedient. ASU No. 2015-07 also removes the requirement to make certain disclosures for all investments that are eligible to be measured at fair value using the net asset value per share practical expedient.  ASU No. 2015-07 began effective for Valley for reporting periods after January 1, 2016 and did not have an impact on Valley's fair value measurement disclosures at Note 6. 
    
  ASU No. 2014-09,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606)" implements a common revenue standard that clarifies the principles for recognizing revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. In 2016, the Financial Accounting Standards Board issued ASU No. 2016-08,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606)  - Principal versus Agent Considerations (Reporting Revenue Gross versus Net)  and ASU No. 2016-10,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606) - Identifying Performance Obligations and Licensing,  to further clarify the new guidance under Topic 606.  ASU No. 2014-09 and its aforementioned amendments are effective on January 1, 2018. Management is currently evaluating the new revenue guidance but does not expect it to have a significant impact on Valley s consolidated financial statements.  
   
  Note 6. Fair Value Measurement of Assets and Liabilities 
    
  Accounting Standards Codification (ASC) Topic 820,  Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures,  establishes a fair value hierarchy that prioritizes the inputs to valuation techniques used to measure fair value. The hierarchy gives the highest priority to unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities (Level 1 measurements) and the lowest priority to unobservable inputs (Level 3 measurements). The three levels of the fair value hierarchy are described below: 
                     
    Level 1 
    Unadjusted exchange quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities, or identical liabilities traded as assets that the reporting entity has the ability to access at the measurement date. 

Level 2 
    Quoted prices in markets that are not active, or inputs that are observable either directly or indirectly (i.e., quoted prices on similar assets), for substantially the full term of the asset or liability. 

Level 3 
    Prices or valuation techniques that require inputs that are both significant to the fair value measurement and unobservable (i.e., supported by little or no market activity). 

12 

Assets and Liabilities Measured at Fair Value on a Recurring and Non-recurring Basis 
    
  The following tables present the assets and liabilities that are measured at fair value on a recurring and nonrecurring basis by level within the fair value hierarchy as reported on the consolidated statements of financial condition at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  . The assets presented under  nonrecurring fair value measurements  in the table below are not measured at fair value on an ongoing basis but are subject to fair value adjustments under certain circumstances (e.g., when an impairment loss is recognized).  

13 

(1) 
    Loans held for sale carried at fair value (which consist of residential mortgages) had contractual unpaid principal balances totaling approximately   $27.0 million   and   $16.1 million   at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively. 
              (2) 
    Derivative financial instruments are included in this category. 
              (3) 
    Excludes PCI loans. 

14 

The changes in Level 3 assets measured at fair value on a recurring basis for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015   are summarized below:  

No   changes in unrealized gains or losses on Level 3 securities were included in earnings during the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  .  There were no transfers of assets into or out of Level 3, or between Level 1 and Level 2, during the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  . 
    
  There have been no material changes in the valuation methodologies used at   September 30, 2016   from   December 31, 2015  . 
    
  Assets and Liabilities Measured at Fair Value on a Recurring Basis 
    
  The following valuation techniques were used for financial instruments measured at fair value on a recurring basis. All the valuation techniques described below apply to the unpaid principal balance,excluding any accrued interest or dividends at the measurement date. Interest income and expense are recorded within the consolidated statements of income depending on the nature of the instrument using the effective interest method based on acquired discount or premium. 
    
  Available for sale securities.    
    
  All U.S. Treasury securities, certain corporate and other debt securities, and certain common and preferred equity securities are reported at fair value utilizing Level 1 inputs. The majority of other investment securities are reported at fair value utilizing Level 2 inputs. The prices for these instruments are obtained through an independent pricing service or dealer market participants with whom Valley has historically transacted both purchases and sales of investment securities. Prices obtained from these sources include prices derived from market quotations and matrix pricing. The fair value measurements consider observable data that may include dealer quotes, market spreads, cash flows, the U.S. Treasury yield curve, live trading levels, trade execution data, market consensus prepayment speeds, credit information and the bond s terms and conditions, among other things. Management reviews the data and assumptions used in pricing the securities by its third party provider to ensure the highest level of significant inputs are derived from market observable data. For certain securities, the inputs used by either dealer market participants or an independent pricing service may be derived from unobservable market information (Level 3 inputs). In these instances, Valley evaluates the appropriateness and quality of the assumption and the resulting price. In addition, Valley reviews the volume and level of activity for all available for sale and trading securities and attempts to identify transactions which may not be orderly or reflective of a significant level of activity and volume. For securities meeting these criteria, the quoted prices received from either market participants or an independent pricing service may be adjusted, as necessary, to estimate fair value and this results in fair values based on Level 3 inputs. In determining fair value, Valley utilizes unobservable inputs which reflect Valley s own assumptions about the inputs that market participants would use in pricing each security. In developing its assertion of market participant assumptions, Valley utilizes the best information that is both reasonable and available without undue cost and effort. 

15 

In calculating the fair value for the available for sale securities under Level 3, Valley prepared present value cash flow models for certain private label mortgage-backed securities. The cash flows for the residential mortgage-backed securities incorporated the expected cash flow of each security adjusted for default rates, loss severities and prepayments of the individual loans collateralizing the security.  
    
  The following table presents quantitative information about Level 3 inputs used to measure the fair value of these securities at   September 30, 2016  :  

Significant increases or decreases in any of the unobservable inputs in the table above in isolation would result in a significantly lower or higher fair value measurement of the securities. Generally, a change in the assumption used for the default rate is accompanied by a directionally similar change in the assumption used for the loss severity and a directionally opposite change in the assumption used for prepayment rates. 
    
  For the Level 3 available for sale private label mortgage-backed securities (consisting of 4 securities), cash flow assumptions incorporated independent third party market participant data based on vintage year for each security. The discount rate utilized in determining the present value of cash flows for the mortgage-backed securities was arrived at by combining the yield on orderly transactions for similar maturity government sponsored mortgage-backed securities with (i) the historical average risk premium of similar structured private label securities, (ii) a risk premium reflecting current market conditions, including liquidity risk, and (iii) if applicable, a forecasted loss premium derived from the expected cash flows of each security. The estimated cash flows for each private label mortgage-backed security were then discounted at the aforementioned effective rate to determine the fair value. The quoted prices received from either market participants or independent pricing services are weighted with the internal price estimate to determine the fair value of each instrument. 
    
  For the Level 3 available for sale one pooled trust preferred security, the resulting estimated future cash flow was discounted at a yield determined by reference to similarly structured securities for which observable orderly transactions occurred. The discount rate was applied using a pricing matrix based on credit, security type and maturity characteristics to determine the fair value. The fair value calculation is received from an independent valuation adviser. In validating the fair value calculation from an independent valuation adviser, Valley reviews the accuracy of the inputs and the appropriateness of the unobservable inputs utilized in the valuation to ensure the fair value calculation is reasonable from a market participant perspective. 
    
  Loans held for sale.   The conforming residential mortgage loans originated for sale are reported at fair value using Level 2 inputs. The fair values were calculated utilizing quoted prices for similar assets in active markets. To determine these fair values, the mortgages held for sale are put into multiple tranches, or pools, based on the coupon rate and maturity of each mortgage. The market prices for each tranche are obtained from both Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac. The market prices represent a delivery price, which reflects the underlying price each institution would pay Valley for an immediate sale of an aggregate pool of mortgages. The market prices received from Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac are then averaged and interpolated or extrapolated, where required, to calculate the fair value of each tranche. Depending upon the time elapsed since the origination of each loan held for sale, non-performance risk and changes therein were addressed in the estimate of fair value based upon the delinquency data provided to both Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac for market pricing and changes in market credit spreads. Non-performance risk did not materially impact the fair value of mortgage loans held for sale at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015   based on the short duration these assets were held, and the high credit quality of these loans. 

16 

Derivatives.   Derivatives are reported at fair value utilizing Level 2 inputs. The fair value of Valley s derivatives are determined using third party prices that are based on discounted cash flow analysis using observed market inputs, such as the LIBOR and Overnight Index Swap rate curves. The fair value of mortgage banking derivatives, consisting of interest rate lock commitments to fund residential mortgage loans and forward commitments for the future delivery of such loans (including certain loans held for sale at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  ), is determined based on the current market prices for similar instruments provided by Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac. The fair values of most of the derivatives incorporate credit valuation adjustments, which consider the impact of any credit enhancements to the contracts, to account for potential nonperformance risk of Valley and its counterparties. The credit valuation adjustments were not significant to the overall valuation of Valley s derivatives at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  . 
    
  Assets and Liabilities Measured at Fair Value on a Non-recurring Basis 
    
  The following valuation techniques were used for certain non-financial assets measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis, including non-performing loans held for sale carried at estimated fair value (less selling costs) when less than the unamortized cost, impaired loans reported at the fair value of the underlying collateral, loan servicing rights, other real estate owned and other repossessed assets, which are reported at fair value upon initial recognition or subsequent impairment as described below. 
    
  Impaired loans  . Certain impaired loans are reported at the fair value of the underlying collateral if repayment is expected solely from the collateral and are commonly referred to as  collateral dependent impaired loans.  Collateral values are estimated using Level 3 inputs, consisting of individual appraisals that are significantly adjusted based on certain discounting criteria. At   September 30, 2016  , appraisals were discounted based on specific market data by location and property type. During the quarter ended   September 30, 2016  , collateral dependent impaired loans were individually re-measured and reported at fair value through direct loan charge-offs to the allowance for loan losses and/or a specific valuation allowance allocation based on the fair value of the underlying collateral. The collateral dependent loan charge-offs to the allowance for loan losses totaled   $3.7 million   and   $366 thousand   for the   three months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively, and   $4.7 million   and   $3.0 million   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively.  At   September 30, 2016  , collateral dependent impaired loans with a total recorded investment of   $2.6 million   were reduced by specific valuation allowance allocations totaling   $350 thousand   to a reported total net carrying amount of   $2.2 million  . 
    
  Loan servicing rights.   Fair values for each risk-stratified group of loan servicing rights are calculated using a fair value model from a third party vendor that requires inputs that are both significant to the fair value measurement and unobservable (Level 3). The fair value model is based on various assumptions, including but not limited to, prepayment speeds, internal rate of return ( discount rate ), servicing cost, ancillary income, float rate, tax rate, and inflation. The prepayment speed and the discount rate are considered two of the most significant inputs in the model. At   September 30, 2016  , the fair value model used prepayment speeds (stated as constant prepayment rates) from   0 percent   up to   24 percent   and a discount rate of   8.0 percent   for the valuation of the loan servicing rights. A significant degree of judgment is involved in valuing the loan servicing rights using Level 3 inputs. The use of different assumptions could have a significant positive or negative effect on the fair value estimate. Impairment charges are recognized on loan servicing rights when the amortized cost of a risk-stratified group of loan servicing rights exceeds the estimated fair value. Valley recorded   no   net impairment charges on its loan servicing rights for the   three months ended September 30, 2016   and net impairment charges totaling   $457 thousand   for the nine months ended   September 30, 2016  . Valley recorded net recoveries of impairment charges totaling   $48 thousand   and   $209 thousand   for   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  , respectively.  
    
  Foreclosed assets  . Certain foreclosed assets (consisting of other real estate owned and other repossessed assets), upon initial recognition and transfer from loans, are re-measured and reported at fair value through a charge-off to the allowance for loan losses based upon the fair value of the foreclosed assets. The fair value of a foreclosed asset, upon initial recognition, is typically estimated using Level 3 inputs, consisting of an appraisal that is adjusted based on certain discounting criteria, similar to the criteria used for impaired loans described above. The appraisals of foreclosed assets were adjusted up to   4.8 percent   at   September 30, 2016  .  At   September 30, 2016  , foreclosed assets  
  
   17 

included   $1.7 million   of assets that were measured at fair value upon initial recognition or subsequently re-measured during the quarter ended   September 30, 2016  . The foreclosed assets charge-offs to the allowance for loan losses totaled   $245 thousand   and   $629 thousand   for the   three months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively and   $1.2 million   and   $1.5 million   for   nine months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively. The re-measurement of foreclosed assets at fair value subsequent to their initial recognition resulted in net loss within non-interest expense of   $34 thousand   and   $1.3 million   for the   three months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively and   $946 thousand   and   $1.8 million   for   nine months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively.  
    
  Other Fair Value Disclosures 
    
  ASC Topic 825,  Financial Instruments,  requires disclosure of the fair value of financial assets and financial liabilities, including those financial assets and financial liabilities that are not measured and reported at fair value on a recurring basis or non-recurring basis. 
    
  The fair value estimates presented in the following table were based on pertinent market data and relevant information on the financial instruments available as of the valuation date. These estimates do not reflect any premium or discount that could result from offering for sale at one time the entire portfolio of financial instruments. Because no market exists for a portion of the financial instruments, fair value estimates may be based on judgments regarding future expected loss experience, current economic conditions, risk characteristics of various financial instruments and other factors. These estimates are subjective in nature and involve uncertainties and matters of significant judgment and therefore cannot be determined with precision. Changes in assumptions could significantly affect the estimates. 
    
  Fair value estimates are based on existing balance sheet financial instruments without attempting to estimate the value of anticipated future business and the value of assets and liabilities that are not considered financial instruments. For instance, Valley has certain fee-generating business lines (e.g., its mortgage servicing operation, trust and investment management departments) that were not considered in these estimates since these activities are not financial instruments. In addition, the tax implications related to the realization of the unrealized gains and losses can have a significant effect on fair value estimates and have not been considered in any of the estimates. 

18 

The carrying amounts and estimated fair values of financial instruments not measured and not reported at fair value on the consolidated statements of financial condition at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015   were as follows:  

(1) 
    Included in other assets. 
              (2) 
    Included in accrued expenses and other liabilities. 
       
  The following methods and assumptions were used to estimate the fair value of other financial assets and financial liabilities in the table above: 
    
  Cash and due from banks and interest bearing deposits with banks.   The carrying amount is considered to be a reasonable estimate of fair value because of the short maturity of these items. 
    
  Investment securities held to maturity  . Fair values are based on prices obtained through an independent pricing service or dealer market participants with whom Valley has historically transacted both purchases and sales of investment securities. Prices obtained from these sources include prices derived from market quotations and matrix pricing. The fair value measurements consider observable data that may include dealer quotes, market spreads, cash flows, the U.S. Treasury yield curve, live trading levels, trade execution data, market consensus prepayment speeds, credit information and the bond s terms and conditions, among other things (Level 2 inputs). Additionally, Valley reviews the volume and level of activity for all classes of held to maturity securities and attempts to identify transactions which may not be orderly or reflective of a significant level of activity and volume. For securities meeting these criteria, the quoted prices received from either market participants or an independent pricing service  
  
   19 

may be adjusted, as necessary. If applicable, the adjustment to fair value is derived based on present value cash flow model projections prepared by Valley utilizing assumptions similar to those incorporated by market participants. 
    
  Loans  . Fair values of loans are estimated by discounting the projected future     cash flows using market discount rates that reflect the credit and interest-rate risk inherent in the loan. The discount rate is a product of both the applicable index and credit spread, subject to the estimated current new loan interest rates. The credit spread component is static for all maturities and may not necessarily reflect the value of estimating all actual cash flows re-pricing. Projected future cash flows are calculated based upon contractual maturity or call dates, projected repayments and prepayments of principal. Fair values estimated in this manner do not fully incorporate an exit-price approach to fair value, but instead are based on a comparison to current market rates for comparable loans. 
    
  Accrued interest receivable and payable.   The carrying amounts of accrued interest approximate their fair value due to the short-term nature of these items. 
    
  Federal Reserve Bank and Federal Home Loan Bank stock.   Federal Reserve Bank and FHLB stock are non-marketable equity securities and are reported at their redeemable carrying amounts, which approximate fair value. 
    
  Deposits.   The carrying amounts of deposits without stated maturities (i.e., non-interest bearing, savings, NOW, and money market deposits) approximate their estimated fair value. The fair value of time deposits is based on the discounted value of contractual cash flows using estimated rates currently offered for alternative funding sources of similar remaining maturity. 
    
  Short-term and long-term borrowings.   The carrying amounts of certain short-term borrowings, including securities sold under agreements to repurchase and FHLB borrowings (and from time to time, federal funds purchased) approximate their fair values because they frequently re-price to a market rate. The fair values of other short-term and long-term borrowings are estimated by obtaining quoted market prices of the identical or similar financial instruments when available. When quoted prices are unavailable, the fair values of the borrowings are estimated by discounting the estimated future cash flows using current market discount rates of financial instruments with similar characteristics, terms and remaining maturity. 
    
  Junior subordinated debentures issued to capital trusts.   The fair value of debentures issued to capital trusts is estimated utilizing the income approach, whereby the expected cash flows, over the remaining estimated life of the security, are discounted using  Valley s credit spread over the current yield on a similar maturity of  U.S. Treasury security or the three-month LIBOR for the variable rate indexed debentures (Level 2 inputs). The credit spread used to discount the expected cash flows was calculated based on the median current spreads for all fixed and variable publicly traded trust preferred securities issued by banks.   

20 

Note 7. Investment Securities 
    
  Held to Maturity 
    
  The amortized cost, gross unrealized gains and losses and fair value of securities held to maturity at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015   were as follows:    

21 

The age of unrealized losses and fair value of related securities held to maturity at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015     were as follows:    

The unrealized losses on investment securities held to maturity are primarily due to changes in interest rates (including, in certain cases, changes in credit spreads) and, in some cases, lack of liquidity in the marketplace. Within the held to maturity portfolio, the total number of security positions in an unrealized loss position was   52   at   September 30, 2016   and   74   at   December 31, 2015  . 
    
  The unrealized losses within the residential mortgage-backed securities category of the held to maturity portfolio at   September 30, 2016   mainly related to certain investment grade securities issued by Ginnie Mae. 
  The unrealized losses existing for more than twelve months for trust preferred securities at   September 30, 2016   primarily related to   four   non-rated single-issuer trust preferred securities issued by bank holding companies. All single-issuer trust preferred securities classified as held to maturity are paying in accordance with their terms, have no deferrals of interest or defaults and, if applicable, the issuers meet the regulatory capital requirements to be considered  well-capitalized institutions  at   September 30, 2016  .  
  Management does not believe that any individual unrealized loss as of   September 30, 2016   included in the table above represents other-than-temporary impairment as management mainly attributes the declines in fair value to changes in interest rates and market volatility, not credit quality or other factors. Based on a comparison of the present value of expected cash flows to the amortized cost, management believes there are no credit losses on these securities. Valley does not have the intent to sell, nor is it more likely than not that Valley will be required to sell, the securities contained in the table above before the recovery of their amortized cost basis or maturity. 
  As of   September 30, 2016  , the fair value of investments held to maturity that were pledged to secure public deposits, repurchase agreements, lines of credit, and for other purposes required by law, was   $860.6 million  . 
  
   22 

The contractual maturities of investments in debt securities held to maturity at   September 30, 2016   are set forth in the table below. Maturities may differ from contractual maturities in residential mortgage-backed securities because the mortgages underlying the securities may be prepaid without any penalties. Therefore, residential mortgage-backed securities are not included in the maturity categories in the following summary.   

Actual maturities of debt securities may differ from those presented above since certain obligations provide the issuer the right to call or prepay the obligation prior to scheduled maturity without penalty. 
  The weighted-average remaining expected life for residential mortgage-backed securities held to maturity was   6.5 years   at   September 30, 2016  . 

23 

Available for Sale 
  The amortized cost, gross unrealized gains and losses and fair value of securities available for sale at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015   were as follows:    

* 
    Includes two pooled trust preferred securities, principally collateralized by securities issued by banks and insurance companies, at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015. 

24 

The age of unrealized losses and fair value of related securities available for sale at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015   were as follows:    

The unrealized losses on investment securities available for sale are primarily due to changes in interest rates (including, in certain cases, changes in credit spreads) and, in some cases, lack of liquidity in the marketplace. The total number of security positions in the securities available for sale portfolio in an unrealized loss position at   September 30, 2016   was   102   as compared to   291   at   December 31, 2015  .  
  The unrealized losses more than twelve months for the residential mortgage-backed securities category of the available for sale portfolio at   September 30, 2016   largely related to several investment grade residential mortgage-backed securities mainly issued by Ginnie Mae and three non-investment grade private label mortgage-backed securities that were previously impaired. 
  The unrealized losses more than twelve months for trust preferred securities at   September 30, 2016   in the table above largely relate to   2   pooled trust preferred securities with an amortized cost of   $10.2 million   and a fair value of   $8.2 million  .  One of the two pooled trust preferred securities had unrealized loss of   $1.3 million   and an investment grade rating at   September 30, 2016  .  
  
   25 

As of   September 30, 2016  , the fair value of securities available for sale that were pledged to secure public deposits, repurchase agreements, lines of credit, and for other purposes required by law, was   $461.5 million  . 
  The contractual maturities of investment securities available for sale at   September 30, 2016   are set forth in the following table. Maturities may differ from contractual maturities in residential mortgage-backed securities because the mortgages underlying the securities may be prepaid without any penalties. Therefore, residential mortgage-backed securities are not included in the maturity categories in the following summary. 

Actual maturities of debt securities may differ from those presented above since certain obligations provide the issuer the right to call or prepay the obligation prior to scheduled maturity without penalty. 
  The weighted average remaining expected life for residential mortgage-backed securities available for sale at   September 30, 2016   was   9.3 years  .   
  Other-Than-Temporary Impairment Analysis 
    
  Valley records impairment charges on its investment securities when the decline in fair value is considered other-than-temporary. Numerous factors, including lack of liquidity for re-sales of certain investment securities; decline in the creditworthiness of the issuer; absence of reliable pricing information for investment securities; adverse changes in business climate; adverse actions by regulators; prolonged decline in value of equity investments; or unanticipated changes in the competitive environment could have a negative effect on Valley s investment portfolio and may result in other-than-temporary impairment on certain investment securities in future periods. Valley s investment portfolios include private label mortgage-backed securities, trust preferred securities principally issued by bank holding companies (including two pooled trust preferred securities), corporate bonds, and perpetual preferred and common equity securities issued by banks. These investments may pose a higher risk of future impairment charges by Valley as a result of the unpredictable nature of the U.S. economy and its potential negative effect on the future performance of the security issuers and, if applicable, the underlying mortgage loan collateral of the security. 
    
  There were   no   other-than-temporary impairment losses on securities recognized in earnings for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015  .  At   September 30, 2016  , four previously impaired private label mortgage-backed securities (prior to December 31, 2012) had a combined amortized cost and fair value of   $10.8 million   and   $10.4 million  , respectively, while one previously impaired pooled trust preferred security had an amortized cost and fair value of   $2.8 million   and   $2.0 million  , respectively. The previously impaired pooled trust preferred security was not accruing interest during the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  .  Additionally, one previously impaired pooled trust preferred security was sold during the first quarter of 2015 for an immaterial gain. See the table and discussion below for additional information. 

26 

The following table presents the changes in the credit loss component of cumulative other-than-temporary impairment losses on debt securities classified as either held to maturity or available for sale that Valley has previously recognized in earnings, for which a portion of the impairment loss (non-credit factors) was recognized in other comprehensive income for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  :    

The credit loss component of the impairment loss represents the difference between the present value of expected future cash flows and the amortized cost basis of the security prior to considering credit losses. The beginning balance represents the credit loss component for debt securities for which other-than-temporary impairment occurred prior to each period presented. The credit loss component increases if other-than-temporary impairments (initial and subsequent) are recognized in earnings for credit impaired debt securities. The credit loss component is reduced if (i) Valley receives cash flows in excess of what it expected to receive over the remaining life of the credit impaired debt security, (ii) the security matures, (iii) the security is fully written down, or (iv) Valley sells, intends to sell or believes it will be required to sell previously credit impaired debt securities. 
  Realized Gains and Losses 
    
  Gross gains (losses) realized on sales, maturities and other securities transactions related to investment securities included in earnings for the three and   nine months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015   were as follows:    

Valley recognized gross gains from sales transactions of investment securities totaling   $3.3 million   for the   nine months ended     September 30, 2015   due to the sale of corporate debt securities and trust preferred securities with amortized cost totaling   $25.9 million  . These transactions included a corporate debt security classified as held to maturity and a previously impaired pooled trust preferred security with amortized costs of   $9.8 million   and   $2.6 million  , respectively.  Additionally, Valley recognized   $947 thousand   of gross losses during the   nine months ended     September 30, 2015   primarily due to the sale of mostly trust preferred securities with a total amortized cost of   $8.3 million  . The vast majority of the sales of investment securities were due to an investment portfolio re-balancing during the   third quarter of 2015   due to changes in our regulatory capital calculation under the new Basel III regulatory capital reform (effective for Valley on January 1, 2015).  Under ASC Topic 320,  Investments - Debt and Equity Securities,  the sale of held to  
  
   27 

maturity securities based upon the change in capital requirements is permitted without tainting the remaining held to maturity investment portfolio.  
   
  Note 8. Loans 
    
  The detail of the loan portfolio as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015   was as follows:    

Total non-covered loans include net unearned premiums and deferred loan costs of   $10.5 million   and   $3.5 million   at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively.  The outstanding balances (representing contractual balances owed to Valley) for PCI loans totaled   $2.0 billion   and   $2.4 billion   at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively. 
    
  Valley transferred   $174.5 million   of residential mortgage loans from the loan portfolio to loans held for sale during the three months ended   September 30, 2016  . Exclusive of such transfers, there were   no   sales of loans from the held for investment portfolio during the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  .  
    
  Purchased Credit-Impaired Loans (Including Covered Loans) 
    
  PCI loans are accounted for in accordance with ASC Subtopic 310-30 and are initially recorded at fair value (as determined by the present value of expected future cash flows) with no valuation allowance (i.e., the allowance for loan losses), and aggregated and accounted for as pools of loans based on common risk characteristics. The difference between the undiscounted cash flows expected at acquisition and the initial carrying amount (fair value) of the PCI loans, or the  accretable yield,  is recognized as interest income utilizing the level-yield method over the life of each pool. Contractually required payments for interest and principal that exceed the undiscounted cash flows expected at acquisition, or the  non-accretable difference,  are not recognized as a yield adjustment, as a loss accrual or a valuation allowance. Reclassifications of the non-accretable difference to the accretable yield may occur subsequent to the loan acquisition dates due to increases in expected cash flows of the loan pools.  Valley's PCI loan portfolio included covered loans (i.e., loans in which the Bank will share losses with the FDIC under loss-sharing agreements) totaling   $76.0 million   and   $122.3 million   at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively. 

28 

The following table presents changes in the accretable yield for PCI loans during the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  : 

FDIC Loss-Share Receivable 
    
  The receivable arising from the loss-sharing agreements with the FDIC is measured separately from the covered loan portfolio because the agreements are not contractually part of the covered loans and are not transferable should the Bank choose to dispose of the covered loans. The FDIC loss share receivable (which is included in other assets on Valley's consolidated statements of financial condition) totaled   $7.7 million   and   $8.3 million   at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively. The aggregate effect of changes in the FDIC loss-share receivable was a net reduction in non-interest income of   $313 thousand   and   $55 thousand   for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   and 2015, respectively, and   $872 thousand   and   $3.4 million   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   and 2015, respectively.  The larger net reduction during the nine months ended   September 30, 2015   was mainly caused by the prospective recognition of the effect of additional cash flows from certain loan pools which were covered by commercial loan loss-sharing agreements that expired in March 2015. 
    
  Credit Risk Management 
    
  For all of its loan types, Valley adheres to a credit policy designed to minimize credit risk while generating the maximum income given the level of risk. Management reviews and approves these policies and procedures on a regular basis with subsequent approval by the Board of Directors annually. Credit authority relating to a significant dollar percentage of the overall portfolio is centralized and controlled by the Credit Risk Management Division and by the Credit Committee. Valley closely monitors economic conditions and loan performance trends to manage and evaluate its exposure to credit risk. A reporting system supplements the management review process by providing management with frequent reports concerning loan production, loan quality, internal loan classification, concentrations of credit, loan delinquencies, non-performing, and potential problem loans. Loan portfolio diversification is an important factor utilized by Valley to manage its risk across business sectors and through cyclical economic circumstances.  

29 

Credit Quality 
  The following table presents past due, non-accrual and current loans (excluding PCI loans, which are accounted for on a pool basis, and non-performing loans held for sale) by loan portfolio class at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  :    

Impaired loans.   Impaired loans, consisting of non-accrual commercial and industrial loans and commercial real estate loans over   $250 thousand   and all loans which were modified in troubled debt restructuring, are individually evaluated for impairment. PCI loans are not classified as impaired loans because they are accounted for on a pool basis.  

30 

The following table presents the information about impaired loans by loan portfolio class at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  : 

The following tables present by loan portfolio class, the average recorded investment and interest income recognized on impaired loans for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  :  

31 

Interest income recognized on a cash basis (included in the table above) was immaterial for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  . 
  Troubled debt restructured loans  . From time to time, Valley may extend, restructure, or otherwise modify the terms of existing loans, on a case-by-case basis, to remain competitive and retain certain customers, as well as assist other customers who may be experiencing financial difficulties. If the borrower is experiencing financial difficulties and a concession has been made at the time of such modification, the loan is classified as a troubled debt restructured loan (TDR). Valley s PCI loans are excluded from the TDR disclosures below because they are evaluated for impairment on a pool by pool basis. When an individual PCI loan within a pool is modified as a TDR, it is not removed from its pool. All TDRs are classified as impaired loans and are included in the impaired loan disclosures above. 
  The majority of the concessions made for TDRs involve lowering the monthly payments on loans through either a reduction in interest rate below a market rate, an extension of the term of the loan without a corresponding adjustment to the risk premium reflected in the interest rate, or a combination of these two methods. The concessions rarely result in the forgiveness of principal or accrued interest. In addition, Valley frequently obtains additional collateral or guarantor support when modifying such loans. If the borrower has demonstrated performance under the previous terms of the loan and Valley s underwriting process shows the borrower has the capacity to continue to perform under the restructured terms, the loan will continue to accrue interest. Non-accruing restructured loans may be returned to accrual status when there has been a sustained period of repayment performance (generally   six   consecutive months of payments) and both principal and interest are deemed collectible. 
  Performing TDRs (not reported as non-accrual loans) totaled   $81.1 million   and   $77.6 million   as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively. Non-performing TDRs totaled   $13.0 million   and   $21.0 million   as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively. 

32 

The following tables present loans by loan portfolio class modified as TDRs during the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  . The pre-modification and post-modification outstanding recorded investments disclosed in the table below represent the loan carrying amounts immediately prior to the modification and the carrying amounts at   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively.    

The TDR concessions made during the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015   were mainly extensions of the loan terms. The total TDRs presented in the above table had allocated specific reserves for loan losses totaling   $2.4 million   and   $602 thousand   at   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively.     These specific reserves are included in the allowance for loan losses for loans individually evaluated for impairment disclosed in Note 9. One commercial and industrial TDR loan totaling   $209 thousand   was fully charged-off during the nine months ended   September 30, 2016  . There were   no   charge-offs related to TDR modifications during the third quarters of 2016 and 2015 and the   nine months ended September 30, 2015  . 

33 

We had    four   of  residential non-PCI loans modified as TDRs within the previous 12 months for which there was a payment default (  90   days or more past due) totaling   $1.1 million   during the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   none   for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  . 
  Credit quality indicators  . Valley utilizes an internal loan classification system as a means of reporting problem loans within commercial and industrial, commercial real estate, and construction loan portfolio classes. Under Valley s internal risk rating system, loan relationships could be classified as  Pass,   Special Mention,   Substandard,   Doubtful,  and  Loss.  Substandard loans include loans that exhibit well-defined weakness and are characterized by the distinct possibility that Valley will sustain some loss if the deficiencies are not corrected. Loans classified as Doubtful have all the weaknesses inherent in those classified as Substandard with the added characteristic that the weaknesses present make collection or liquidation in full, based on currently existing facts, conditions and values, highly questionable and improbable. Loans classified as Loss are those considered uncollectible with insignificant value and are charged-off immediately to the allowance for loan losses, and, therefore, not presented in the table below. Loans that do not currently pose a sufficient risk to warrant classification in one of the aforementioned categories, but pose weaknesses that deserve management s close attention are deemed Special Mention. Loans rated as Pass do not currently pose any identified risk and can range from the highest to average quality, depending on the degree of potential risk. Risk ratings are updated any time the situation warrants. 
  The following table presents the risk category of loans (excluding PCI loans) by class of loans at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  .  

34 

For residential mortgages, automobile, home equity and other consumer loan portfolio classes (excluding PCI loans), Valley also evaluates credit quality based on the aging status of the loan, which was previously presented, and by payment activity. The following table presents the recorded investment in those loan classes based on payment activity as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  :    

Valley evaluates the credit quality of its PCI loan pools based on the expectation of the underlying cash flows of each pool, derived from the aging status and by payment activity of individual loans within the pool. The following table presents the recorded investment in PCI loans by class based on individual loan payment activity as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  .    

Other real estate owned (OREO) totaled   $11.3 million   and   $19.0 million   (including   $1.0 million   and   $5.0 million   of OREO properties which are subject to loss-sharing agreements with the FDIC) at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively. OREO included foreclosed residential real estate properties totaling   $7.4 million     and   $7.0 million   at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively. Residential mortgage and consumer loans secured by residential real estate properties for which formal foreclosure proceedings are in process totaled   $7.7 million     and   $12.3 million   at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively. 

35 

Note 9. Allowance for Credit Losses 
    
  The allowance for credit losses consists of the allowance for loan losses and the allowance for unfunded letters of credit. Management maintains the allowance for credit losses at a level estimated to absorb probable loan losses of the loan portfolio and unfunded letter of credit commitments at the balance sheet date. The allowance for loan losses is based on ongoing evaluations of the probable estimated losses inherent in the loan portfolio, including unexpected additional credit impairment of PCI loan pools subsequent to acquisition. 
    
  The following table summarizes the allowance for credit losses at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  :  

The following table summarizes the provision for credit losses for the periods indicated:    

The following tables detail activity in the allowance for loan losses by portfolio segment for the three and   nine months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015  :    

36 

At   December 31, 2015  , Valley refined and enhanced its assessment of the adequacy of the allowance for loan losses, including both changes to look-back periods for certain portfolios, as well as enhancements to its qualitative factor framework. The enhancements were meant to increase the level of precision in the allowance for credit losses.  As a result, Valley no longer has an  unallocated  segment in its allowance for credit losses, as the risks and uncertainties meant to be captured by the unallocated allowance have been included in the qualitative framework for the respective loan portfolio segment (reported in the tables above) at   September 30, 2016  .  As such, the unallocated allowance has in essence been reallocated to the applicable portfolios based on the risks and uncertainties it was meant to capture. 
  
   37 

The following table represents the allocation of the allowance for loan losses and the related loans by loan portfolio segment disaggregated based on the impairment methodology at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  .    

Note 10. Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets 
  The changes in the carrying amount of goodwill as allocated to Valley's business segments, or reporting units thereof, for goodwill impairment analysis were:  

* 
    Valley s Wealth Management Division is comprised of trust, asset management, and insurance services. This reporting unit is included in the Consumer Lending segment for financial reporting purposes. 
     Goodwill from business combinations, in the table above, includes the effect of the combined adjustments to the estimated fair values of the acquired assets (including core deposits presented in the table below) and liabilities as of the acquisition date of CNL, and goodwill related to the acquisition of certain assets from an independent insurance agency during the first quarter of 2016 (see Note 2 for further details). There was   no   impairment of goodwill during the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  . 
  
   38 

The following table summarizes other intangible assets as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  :    

Loan servicing rights are accounted for using the amortization method. Under this method, Valley amortizes the loan servicing assets in proportion to, and over the period of, estimated net servicing revenues. On a quarterly basis, Valley stratifies its loan servicing assets into groupings based on risk characteristics and assesses each group for impairment based on fair value. Impairment charges on loan servicing rights are recognized in earnings when the book value of a stratified group of loan servicing rights exceeds its estimated fair value.  See the "Assets and Liabilities Measured at Fair Value on a Non-recurring Basis" section of Note 6 for additional information regarding the fair valuation and impairment of loan servicing rights. 
    
  Core deposits are amortized using an accelerated method and have a weighted average amortization period of   11 years  . The line item labeled  Other  included in the table above primarily consists of customer lists and covenants not to compete, which are amortized over their expected lives generally using a straight-line method and have a weighted average amortization period of approximately   20 years  . Valley evaluates core deposits and other intangibles for impairment when an indication of impairment exists.   No   impairment was recognized during the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  . 
    
  The following table presents the estimated future amortization expense of other intangible assets for the remainder of   2016   through   2020  :    

Valley recognized amortization expense on other intangible assets, including net impairment charges on loan servicing rights, totaling approximately $  2.7 million   and $  2.2 million   for the   three months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively, and   $8.5 million   and   $6.7 million   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively. 
   
  Note 11. Stock Based Compensation 
  On April 28, 2016, Valley s shareholders approved the new 2016 Long-Term Stock Incentive Plan (the "2016 Stock Plan") administered by the Compensation and Human Resources Committee (the  Committee ) appointed by Valley s Board of Directors. The purpose of the 2016 Stock Plan is to provide incentives to attract, retain and  
  
   39 

motivate officers and other key employees by providing a direct financial interest in Valley's continued success, and provide the flexibility to grant equity awards to non-employee directors as part of their compensation. The 2016 Stock Plan will also ensure that Valley has sufficient shares to meet its anticipated long-term equity compensation needs. Effective January 1, 2016, the   2.2 million   of common shares remaining under Valley's 2009 Long-Term Stock Incentive Plan (the "2009 Stock Plan") became available for future grants under the 2016 Stock Plan.  Accordingly, Valley will no longer grant new awards under the 2009 Stock Plan.  
  Under the 2016 Stock Plan, Valley may award shares to its employees and non-employee directors shares of common stock in the form of stock appreciation rights, both incentive and non-qualified stock options, restricted stock and restricted stock units (RSUs). As of   September 30, 2016  , up to   8.3 million   shares of common stock were available for issuance under the 2016 Stock Plan.  The essential features of each award are described in the award agreement relating to that award. The grant, exercise, vesting, settlement or payment of an award may be based upon the fair value of Valley s common stock on the last sale price reported for Valley s common stock on such date or the last sale price reported preceding such date, except for performance-based awards with a market condition. The grant date fair values of performance-based awards that vest based on a market condition are determined by a third party specialist using a Monte Carlo valuation model.   
    
  Valley awarded time-based restricted stock totaling   534 thousand   shares and   492 thousand   shares during the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively, to both executive officers and key employees of Valley. Time-based restricted stock issued during the   three months ended September 30, 2016   and     2015   were immaterial. Valley also awarded   431 thousand   and   313 thousand     shares of performance-based RSUs under the 2016 Stock Plan during the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , respectively, to certain executive officers. There were no awards of the performance-based RSUs during the   three months ended September 30, 2016   and     2015  . The RSUs earn dividend equivalents (equal to cash dividends paid on Valley's common stock) over the applicable performance period.  Dividend equivalents and accrued interest, per the terms of the agreements, are accumulated and paid to the grantee at the vesting date, or forfeited if the performance conditions are not met.   
    
  The performance-based awards vest based on (i) growth in tangible book value per share plus dividends (  75 percent   of performance shares) and (ii) total shareholder return as compared to our peer group (  25 percent   of performance shares). The majority of the performance-based awards "cliff" vest after   three   years based on the cumulative performance of Valley during that time period. The non-performance based awards have vesting periods ranging from   three   to   six years  . Generally, the restrictions on such awards lapse at an annual or bi-annual rate of   one-third   of the total award commencing with the first or second anniversary of the date of grant, respectively. The average grant date fair value of non-performance and performance-based restricted stock awarded during the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   was   $8.58  .  
    
  Valley recorded stock-based compensation expense of   $2.2 million   and   $2.0 million   for the   three months ended September 30, 2016   and     2015  , respectively, and   $7.4 million   and   $6.5 million   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively. The fair values of stock awards are expensed over the shorter of the vesting or required service period.   As of September 30, 2016  , the unrecognized amortization expense for all stock-based employee compensation totaled approximately   $16.9 million   and will be recognized over an average remaining vesting period of approximately   3   years. 
   
  Note 12. Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities 
    
  Valley enters into derivative financial instruments to manage exposures that arise from business activities that result in the payment of future known and uncertain cash amounts, the value of which are determined by interest rates.  
    
  Cash Flow Hedges of Interest Rate Risk  . Valley s objectives in using interest rate derivatives are to add stability to interest expense and to manage its exposure to interest rate movements. To accomplish this objective, Valley uses interest rate swaps and caps as part of its interest rate risk management strategy. Interest rate swaps designated as cash flow hedges involve the payment of either fixed or variable-rate amounts in exchange for the receipt of variable or fixed-rate amounts from a counterparty. Interest rate caps designated as cash flow hedges involve the receipt of variable-rate amounts from a counterparty if interest rates rise above the strike rate on the contract in exchange for an up-front premium. 
    
  Fair Value Hedges of Fixed Rate Assets and Liabilities  . Valley is exposed to changes in the fair value of certain of its fixed rate assets or liabilities due to changes in benchmark interest rates based on one-month LIBOR. From time to time, Valley uses interest rate swaps to manage its exposure to changes in fair value. Interest rate swaps designated as fair value hedges involve the receipt of variable rate payments from a counterparty in exchange for Valley making fixed rate payments over the life of the agreements without the exchange of the underlying notional amount. For derivatives that are designated and qualify as fair value hedges, the gain or loss on the derivative as well as the loss or gain on the hedged item attributable to the hedged risk are recognized in earnings. Valley includes the gain or loss on the hedged items in the same income statement line item as the loss or gain on the related derivatives. 
    
  Valley terminated an interest rate swap with a notional amount of   $125 million   in August 2016.  The terminated swap, originally maturing in September 2023, was used to hedge the change in the fair value of Valley s   $125 million   of   5.125 percent   subordinated notes issued in September 2013. The transaction resulted in an adjusted annual interest rate of   3.32 percent   on the subordinated notes, after amortization of the derivative valuation adjustment recorded at the termination date. The subordinated notes had a net carrying value of   $137.1 million   at   September 30, 2016  . 
    
  Non-designated Hedges.   Derivatives not designated as hedges may be used to manage Valley s exposure to interest rate movements or to provide service to customers but do not meet the requirements for hedge accounting under U.S. GAAP. Derivatives not designated as hedges are not entered into for speculative purposes.  
    
  Under a program, Valley executes interest rate swaps with commercial lending customers to facilitate their respective risk management strategies. These interest rate swaps with customers are simultaneously offset by interest rate swaps that Valley executes with a third party, such that Valley minimizes its net risk exposure resulting from such transactions. As the interest rate swaps associated with this program do not meet the strict hedge accounting requirements, changes in the fair value of both the customer swaps and the offsetting swaps are recognized directly in earnings.  
    
  During 2014, Valley issued   $25 million   of market linked certificates of deposit through a broker dealer.  The rate paid on these hybrid instruments is based on a formula derived from the spread between the long and short ends of the constant maturity swap (CMS) rate curve.  This type of instrument is referred to as a "steepener" since it derives its value from the slope of the CMS curve.  Valley has determined that these hybrid instruments contain an embedded swap contract which has been bifurcated from the host contract.  Valley entered into a swap (with a total notional amount of   $25 million  ) almost simultaneously with the deposit issuance where the receive rate on the swap mirrors the pay rate on the brokered deposits.  The bifurcated derivative and the stand alone swap are both marked to market through other non-interest expense.  Although these instruments do not meet the hedge accounting requirements, the change in fair value of both the bifurcated derivative and the stand alone swap tend to move in opposite directions with changes in three-month LIBOR rate and therefore provide an effective economic hedge.  

40 

Valley regularly enters into mortgage banking derivatives which are non-designated hedges. These derivatives include interest rate lock commitments provided to customers to fund certain residential mortgage loans to be sold into the secondary market and forward commitments for the future delivery of such loans. Valley enters into forward commitments for the future delivery of residential mortgage loans when interest rate lock commitments are entered into in order to economically hedge the effect of future changes in interest rates on Valley s commitments to fund the loans as well as on its portfolio of mortgage loans held for sale.  
    
  Amounts included in the consolidated statements of financial condition related to the fair value of Valley s derivative financial instruments were as follows:    

Gains (losses) included in the consolidated statements of income and in other comprehensive income, on a pre-tax basis, related to interest rate derivatives designated as hedges of cash flows were as follows:  

The net gains or losses related to cash flow hedge ineffectiveness were immaterial during the three and   nine months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015  . The accumulated net after-tax losses related to effective cash flow hedges included in accumulated other comprehensive loss were   $18.6 million   and   $17.6 million   at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively. 
  Amounts reported in accumulated other comprehensive loss related to cash flow interest rate derivatives are reclassified to interest expense as interest payments are made on the hedged variable interest rate liabilities. Valley estimates that   $10.4 million   will be reclassified as an increase to interest expense over the next 12 months. 

41 

Gains (losses) included in the consolidated statements of income related to interest rate derivatives designated as hedges of fair value were as follows: 

The amounts recognized in non-interest expense related to ineffectiveness of fair value hedges were immaterial for the three and   nine months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015  .  
    
  The net gains (losses) included in the consolidated statements of income related to derivative instruments not designated as hedging instruments were as follows:    

Credit Risk Related Contingent Features.   By using derivatives, Valley is exposed to credit risk if counterparties to the derivative contracts do not perform as expected. Management attempts to minimize counterparty credit risk through credit approvals, limits, monitoring procedures and obtaining collateral where appropriate. Credit risk exposure associated with derivative contracts is managed at Valley in conjunction with Valley s consolidated counterparty risk management process. Valley s counterparties and the risk limits monitored by management are periodically reviewed and approved by the Board of Directors. 
    
  Valley has agreements with its derivative counterparties providing that if Valley defaults on any of its indebtedness, including default where repayment of the indebtedness has not been accelerated by the lender, then Valley could also be declared in default on its derivative counterparty agreements. Additionally, Valley has an agreement with several of its derivative counterparties that contains provisions that require Valley s debt to maintain an investment grade credit rating from each of the major credit rating agencies, from which it receives a credit rating. If Valley s credit rating is reduced below investment grade or such rating is withdrawn or suspended, then the counterparty could terminate the derivative positions, and Valley would be required to settle its obligations under the agreements.   As of September 30, 2016  , Valley was in compliance with all of the provisions of its derivative counterparty agreements.    As of September 30, 2016  , the fair value of derivatives in a net liability position, which includes accrued interest but excludes any adjustment for nonperformance risk related to these agreements was   $69.3 million  . Valley has derivative counterparty agreements that require minimum collateral posting thresholds for certain counterparties. At   September 30, 2016  , Valley had   $92.1 million   in collateral posted with its counterparties. 
  
   42 

Note 13. Balance Sheet Offsetting 
  Certain financial instruments, including derivatives (consisting of interest rate caps and swaps) and repurchase agreements (accounted for as secured long-term borrowings), may be eligible for offset in the consolidated balance sheet and/or subject to master netting arrangements or similar agreements. Valley is party to master netting arrangements with its financial institution counterparties; however, Valley does not offset assets and liabilities under these arrangements for financial statement presentation purposes. The master netting arrangements provide for a single net settlement of all swap agreements, as well as collateral, in the event of default on, or termination of, any one contract. Collateral, usually in the form of cash or marketable investment securities, is posted by the counterparty with net liability positions in accordance with contract thresholds. Master repurchase agreements which include  right of set-off  provisions generally have a legally enforceable right to offset recognized amounts. In such cases, the collateral would be used to settle the fair value of the repurchase agreement should Valley be in default. The table below presents information about Valley s financial instruments that are eligible for offset in the consolidated statements of financial condition as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  . 

* 
    Represents fair value of non-cash pledged investment securities. 

Note 14. Tax Credit Investments 
    
  Valley s tax credit investments are primarily related to investments promoting qualified affordable housing projects, and other investments related to community development and renewable energy sources. Some of these tax-advantaged investments support Valley s regulatory compliance with the Community Reinvestment Act (CRA). Valley s investments in these entities generate a return primarily through the realization of federal income tax credits, and other tax benefits, such as tax deductions from operating losses of the investments, over specified time periods. These tax credits and deductions are recognized as a reduction of income tax expense. 
    
  Valley s tax credit investments are carried in other assets on the consolidated statements of financial condition. Valley s unfunded capital and other commitments related to the tax credit investments are carried in accrued expenses and other liabilities on the consolidated statements of financial condition.  Valley recognizes amortization of tax credit investments, including impairment losses, within non-interest expense of the consolidated statements  
  
   43 

of income using the equity method of accounting.  An impairment loss is recognized when the fair value of the tax credit investment is less than its carrying value. 
    
  The following table presents the balances of Valley s affordable housing tax credit investments, other tax credit investments, and related unfunded commitments at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  . 

The following table presents other information relating to Valley s affordable housing tax credit investments and other tax credit investments for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  :  

Note 15. Business Segments 
  The information under the caption  Business Segments  in Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations is incorporated herein by reference. 
  
   44 

Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis (MD A) of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
    
  The following MD A should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and notes thereto appearing elsewhere in this report. The words "Valley," the "Company," "we," "our" and "us" refer to Valley National Bancorp and its wholly owned subsidiaries, unless we indicate otherwise. Additionally, Valley s principal subsidiary, Valley National Bank, is commonly referred to as the  Bank  in this MD A. 
    
  The MD A contains supplemental financial information, described in the sections that follow, which has been determined by methods other than U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (U.S. GAAP) that management uses in its analysis of our performance. Management believes these non-GAAP financial measures provide information useful to investors in understanding our underlying operational performance, our business and performance trends and facilitates comparisons with the performance of others in the financial services industry. These non-GAAP financial measures should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for or superior to financial measures calculated in accordance with U.S. GAAP. These non-GAAP financial measures may also be calculated differently from similar measures disclosed by other companies. 
   
  Cautionary Statement Concerning Forward-Looking Statements 
    
  This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, both in the MD A and elsewhere, contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such statements are not historical facts and include expressions about management s confidence and strategies and management s expectations about new and existing programs and products, acquisitions, relationships, opportunities, taxation, technology, market conditions and economic expectations. These statements may be identified by such forward-looking terminology as  should,   expect,   believe,   view,   opportunity,   allow,   continues,   reflects,   typically,   usually,   anticipate,  or similar statements or variations of such terms. Such forward-looking statements involve certain risks and uncertainties and our actual results may differ materially from such forward-looking statements. Factors that may cause actual results to differ materially from those contemplated by such forward-looking statements in addition to those risk factors disclosed in Valley s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015  , include, but are not limited to: 

weakness or a decline in the U.S. economy, in particular in New Jersey, New York Metropolitan area (including Long Island) and Florida; 
                
    unexpected changes in market interest rates for interest earning assets and/or interest bearing liabilities; 
                
    less than expected cost savings from the maturity, modification or prepayment of long-term borrowings that mature through 2022; 
                
    further prepayment penalties related to the early extinguishment of high cost borrowings; 
                
    less than expected cost savings in 2016 and 2017 from Valley's branch efficiency and cost reduction plans;  
                
    lower than expected cash flows from purchased credit-impaired loans; 
                
    claims and litigation pertaining to fiduciary responsibility, contractual issues, environmental laws and other matters; 
                
    cyber attacks, computer viruses or other malware that may breach the security of our websites or other systems to obtain unauthorized access to confidential information, destroy data, disable or degrade service, or sabotage our systems; 
                
    results of examinations by the OCC, the FRB, the CFPB and other regulatory authorities, including the possibility that any such regulatory authority may, among other things, require us to increase our allowance for credit losses, write-down assets, require us to reimburse customers, change the way we do business, or limit or eliminate certain other banking activities; 
     
   45 

government intervention in the U.S. financial system and the effects of and changes in trade and monetary and fiscal policies and laws, including the interest rate policies of the Federal Reserve; 
                
    our inability to pay dividends at current levels, or at all, because of inadequate future earnings, regulatory restrictions or limitations, and changes in the composition of qualifying regulatory capital and minimum capital requirements (including those resulting from the U.S. implementation of Basel III requirements); 
                
    higher than expected loan losses within one or more segments of our loan portfolio; 
                
    unexpected significant declines in the loan portfolio due to the lack of economic expansion, increased competition, large prepayments, changes in regulatory lending guidance or other factors; 
                
    unanticipated credit deterioration in our loan portfolio; 
                
    unanticipated loan delinquencies, loss of collateral, decreased service revenues, and other potential negative effects on our business caused by severe weather or other external events; 
                
    an unexpected decline in real estate values within our market areas; 
                
    changes in accounting policies or accounting standards, including the potential issuance of new authoritative accounting guidance which may increase the required level of our allowance for credit losses; 
                
    higher than expected income tax expense or tax rates, including increases resulting from changes in tax laws, regulations and case law; 
                
    higher than expected FDIC insurance assessments; 
                
    the failure of other financial institutions with whom we have trading, clearing, counterparty and other financial relationships; 
                
    lack of liquidity to fund our various cash obligations; 
                
    unanticipated reduction in our deposit base; 
                
    potential acquisitions that may disrupt our business; 
                
    declines in value in our investment portfolio, including additional other-than-temporary impairment charges on our investment securities; 
                
    future goodwill impairment due to changes in our business, changes in market conditions, or other factors; 
                
    legislative and regulatory actions (including the impact of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and related regulations) subject us to additional regulatory oversight which may result in higher compliance costs and/or require us to change our business model; 
                
    our inability to promptly adapt to technological changes; 
                
    our internal controls and procedures may not be adequate to prevent losses; 
                
    the inability to realize expected revenue synergies from the CNL merger in the amounts or in the timeframe anticipated; 
                
    inability to retain customers and employees, including those of CNL; and 
                
    other unexpected material adverse changes in our operations or earnings. 
      
  Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
    
  Valley s accounting policies are fundamental to understanding management s discussion and analysis of its financial condition and results of operations. Our significant accounting policies are presented in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements included in Valley s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31,   2015  . We identified our policies on the allowance for loan losses, security valuations and impairments, goodwill and other intangible assets, and income taxes to be critical because management has to make subjective and/or complex judgments about matters that are inherently uncertain and because it is likely that materially different amounts would be reported under different conditions or using different assumptions. Management has reviewed the  
  
   46 

application of these policies with the Audit Committee of Valley s Board of Directors. Our critical accounting policies are described in detail in Part II, Item 7 in Valley s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31,   2015  . 
   
  New Authoritative Accounting Guidance 
    
  See Note 5 to the consolidated financial statements for a description of new authoritative accounting guidance including the respective dates of adoption and effects on results of operations and financial condition. 
    
  Executive Summary 
    
  Company Overview.    At   September 30, 2016  , Valley had consolidated total assets of approximately   $22.4 billion  , total net loans of   $16.5 billion  , total deposits of   $17.0 billion   and total shareholders  equity of   $2.3 billion  .  Our commercial bank operations include branch office locations in northern and central New Jersey, the New York City Boroughs of Manhattan, Brooklyn, Queens, and Long Island; and Florida. Of our current   209   branch network,   67 percent  ,   18 percent   and   15 percent   of the branches are located in New Jersey, New York and Florida, respectively. We have grown both in asset size and locations significantly over the past several years primarily through bank acquisitions. 
    
  Valley s most recent bank acquisition was completed on December 1, 2015 when Valley acquired CNLBancshares, Inc. (CNL) and its wholly-owned subsidiary, CNLBank, a commercial bank with approximately $1.6 billion in assets, $825 million in loans, and $1.2 billion in deposits, after purchase accounting adjustments, and a branch network of 16 offices on the date of its acquisition by Valley.  The CNL acquisition helped strengthen Valley's Florida branch network (originally established in 2014) covering several major markets in Florida.  In late February 2016, we completed the full systems integration of CNLBank's operations into Valley and realized the related staffing efficiencies effective April 1, 2016.  See Item 1 of Valley s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31,   2015   for more details regarding our acquisition of CNL and other past merger activity. 
   
  Quarterly Results.   Net income for the   third quarter   of   2016   was   $42.8 million   or   0.16   per diluted common share, compared to   $36.0 million  , or   0.15   per diluted common share, for the   third quarter   of   2015  . The $6.8 million   increase     in quarterly net income as compared to the same quarter one year ago was largely due to: (i) a   $20.2 million     increase   in our net interest income mostly due to higher average loan balances (due to both acquired loans and organic growth) and the prepayment, modification, and maturity of $845 million, $405 million and $257 million of high cost long-term borrowings in the fourth quarter of 2015, third quarter of 2016 and the nine months ended   September 30, 2016  , respectively, (ii) a   $3.9 million     increase   in non-interest income mostly caused by increases in net gains on sales of residential mortgage loans and, to a much lesser extent, net gains on sales of assets, partially offset by (iii) a   $5.7 million     increase   in the provision for credit losses and (iv) a   $4.6 million     increase   in non-interest expense mostly due to increases in salary and employee benefit expense and amortization of tax credit investments, and (v) an increase in income tax expense mainly due to higher pre-tax income. See the "Net Interest Income," "Non-Interest Income," and "Non-Interest Expense" sections below for more details on the items above impacting our   third quarter     2016   results, as well as other items discussed elsewhere in this MD A.  
   
  Economic Overview and Indicators  . During the third quarter of 2016, real gross domestic product (GDP) grew at a 2.9 percent annual rate after advancing 1.4 percent in the second quarter of 2016. The pace of hiring picked up somewhat compared to the prior quarter and business fixed investment remained weak. While growth in residential fixed investment has recently slowed, it has been solid over recent quarters reflecting higher levels of disposable income from earlier declines in commodity prices and rising confidence in the health of the labor market. 
    
  The labor market continued to improve as the pace of hiring accelerated somewhat from a monthly average of 146 thousand last quarter to 192 thousand in the most recent quarter. The civilian unemployment rate increased from 4.9 percent as of June 30, 2016 to 5.0 percent as of September 30, 2016, but was mostly reflective of an increase in the labor force.  Measures of wages have increased, albeit modestly over recent months, which may have contributed to the growth in the labor force. 
  In the third quarter of 2016, the pace of U.S. existing home sales decreased compared to the linked second quarter and the same period a year ago. However, home sales are expected to rise from current levels as market conditions remain generally favorable. Higher readings of consumer confidence that has been boosted by a strengthening labor market and higher levels of household disposable income should continue to support the housing market. However, low levels of home inventory may weigh on sales volume. 
  
   47 

Personal consumption of goods and services decreased modestly in the third quarter of 2016 after growing at a faster pace in the first six months of 2016. Slowing sales may continue to weigh on business inventories that remain at elevated levels which may result in slower overall business investment. Equity and home prices continued to rise in the third quarter of 2016 which may support consumer spending through the final months of the year.  
    
  The Federal Reserve s Open Market Committee (FOMC) maintained the target range for the federal funds rate at 0.25 to 0.50 percent in their November 2016 meeting, citing concerns about continued low levels of inflation and inflation expectations. In determining future policy actions, the FOMC will assess progress - both realized and expected - toward its objectives of maximum employment and 2-percent inflation. The FOMC has maintained its existing policy of reinvesting principal payments from its holdings of agency debt and agency mortgage-backed securities in agency mortgage-backed securities and will continue rolling over maturing Treasury securities at auction. This policy should help maintain accommodative financial conditions through at least 2017. The FOMC has continued to emphasize that changes in monetary policy will be data dependent. 
    
  The 10-year U.S. Treasury note yield ended the third quarter at 1.60 percent, representing a 67 basis point decline from December 31, 2015. The spread between the 2- and 10-year U.S. Treasury note yields ended the third quarter of 2016 at 0.83 percentage points, which was 8 basis points and 38 basis points lower than June 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively.  
    
  Residential mortgage loan originations were relatively strong during the third quarter of 2016. We expect the residential mortgage application volume to continue to produce similar levels of originations, as long as the interest rate environment remains accommodative to borrowers. We also continued to see increased demand for commercial real estate and construction loans in the third quarter of 2016, especially within our New York City and New Jersey markets. However, spreads between shorter and longer dated interest rates remain lower compared to the prior year average, and may weigh on our net interest income and margin in future periods. Additionally, the relatively weak pace of personal consumption and overall business investment reported in the third quarter may challenge our business operations and results, as highlighted throughout the remaining MD A discussion below. 

48 

The following economic indicators are just a few of the many factors that may be used to assess the market conditions in our primary markets of northern and central New Jersey, the New York City metropolitan area, and Florida.  

NA not available 
           (1) 
    As reported by the Bureau of Labor Statistics for the NY-NJ-PA Metropolitan Statistical Area. 
              (2) 
    Quarterly average for the period presented.  
              (3) 
    Quarterly, compounded annual rate of change. 
              (4) 
    Quarterly average,   y  ear over year percent change. 
              (5) 
    Quarterly average, seasonally adjusted annual rate. 
     Sources: Bureau of Labor Statistics, U.S. Census Bureau, Federal Reserve Economic Data (FRED) 
   
  Loans.    Loans increased by $  135.0 million  , or   3.3 percent   on an annualized basis, to   $16.6 billion   at   September 30, 2016   from   June 30, 2016   largely due to a $328.8 million net increase in total commercial real estate loans. The overall loan growth was partially offset by a decrease of   $229.2 million   in residential mortgage loans caused, in part, by the transfer of $174.5 million of performing 30-year fixed rate mortgages to loans held for sale during the third quarter of 2016.  The transfer was the result of our continuous efforts to effectively manage the level of interest rate risk on our balance sheet.  The sale of these loans is expected to be completed during the fourth quarter of 2016 and result in a pre-tax gain of approximately $7 million. We also originated for sale   $171.9 million   of  
  
   49 

residential mortgage loans during the third quarter. Total new organic loan originations, excluding new lines of credit and purchased loans, totaled over $900 million mostly in the commercial loan categories during the third quarter of 2016. See further details on our loan activities, including the covered loan portfolio, under the  Loan Portfolio  section below. 
   
  Asset Quality.   Our past due loans and non-accrual loans, discussed further below, exclude PCI loans. Under U.S. GAAP, the PCI loans (acquired at a discount that is due, in part, to credit quality) are accounted for on a pool basis and are not subject to delinquency classification in the same manner as loans originated by Valley.  All of the loans acquired from CNL in the fourth quarter of 2015 are accounted for as PCI loans.  As of   September 30, 2016  , PCI loans totaled   $1.9 billion   and represented approximately   11.2 percent   of our total loan portfolio. 
  Total non-PCI loan portfolio delinquencies (including loans past due 30 days or more and non-accrual loans) as a percentage of total loans   decrease  d to   0.47   percent at   September 30, 2016   as compared to   0.49   percent at   June 30, 2016   due to strong collections within non-accrual loans, partially offset by higher levels of accruing past due loans mostly within the commercial real estate loan portfolio.  At   September 30, 2016  , accruing past due loans totaled   $39.2 million   and included $4.7 million of matured performing loans in the normal process of renewal. Overall, our non-performing assets (including non-accrual loans)   decreased   by   16.7   percent to   $51.0 million   at   September 30, 2016   as compared to   $61.3 million   at   June 30, 2016   mostly due to a   19.7 percent     decrease   in non-accrual loans to   $38.4 million  . 
  Our lending strategy is based on underwriting standards designed to maintain high credit quality and we remain optimistic regarding the overall future performance of our loan portfolio.  However, due to the potential for future credit deterioration caused by the unpredictable direction of U.S. economic and political environments, as well as the housing and labor markets, management cannot provide assurance that our non-performing assets will not increase from the levels reported as of   September 30, 2016  . See the "Non-Performing Assets" section below for further analysis of our asset quality.   
   
  Deposits and Other Borrowings  .   The mix of the deposit categories of total average deposits for the   third quarter of 2016   remained relatively unchanged as compared to the   second quarter of 2016  .  Non-interest bearing deposits represented approximately 30 percent of total average deposits for the   three months ended September 30, 2016  , while savings, NOW and money market accounts were 51 percent and time deposits were 19 percent of the total average deposits. Overall, average deposits totaling   $16.7 billion   for the   third quarter of 2016     increased   by   $215.4 million   as compared to the   second quarter of 2016   due, in large part, to increased volumes of low cost brokered money market deposit balances used for loan funding and liquidity purposes, and to a lesser extent, increases in non-interest deposits and retail time deposits during the   third quarter of 2016  .  
  In August 2016, we elected to prepay $405 million of FHLB borrowings with various maturity dates in 2018. The prepaid borrowings with a total average cost of 3.69 percent were funded with a new fixed-rate five-year FHLB advance totaling $405 million.  The transaction was accounted for as a debt modification under U.S. GAAP.  As a result, the new advance has an adjusted annual interest rate of 2.51 percent, after amortization of prepayment penalties totaling $20.0 million paid to the FHLB. 
  Additionally, Valley terminated an interest rate swap with a notional amount of $125 million in August 2016.  The terminated swap, originally maturing in September 2023, was used to hedge the change in the fair value of Valley s 5.125 percent subordinated notes issued in September 2013.  The transaction will result in an adjusted fixed annual interest rate of 3.32 percent on the subordinated notes, after amortization of the derivative valuation adjustment recorded at the termination date. See Note 12 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding our derivative transactions. 
  Average short-term borrowings   increased     $221.2 million  , or 18.2 percent, to   $1.4 billion   for the   three months ended September 30, 2016   as compared to the   second quarter of 2016   mostly due to increased use of short-term FHLB advances starting in late June 2016 for additional liquidity to fund new loan volumes.  Actual ending balances for short-term borrowings   increased     $21.5 million   to   $1.4 billion   at   September 30, 2016   as compared to   June 30, 2016   mostly due to the higher level of FHLB advances which totaled approximately $1.1 billion at September 30, 2016.  
  
   50 

Average long-term borrowings (which include junior subordinated debentures issued to capital trusts which are presented separately on the consolidated statements of condition)   decreased     $104.4 million  , or 6.4 percent, to   $1.5 billion   for the   third quarter of 2016   from   $1.6 billion   for the   second quarter of 2016   primarily due to the May 2016 prepayment of $87 million of FHLB advances assumed in the acquisition of CNL, as well as the maturity and repayment of $75 million and $27 million in high cost FHLB advances during late July and April 2016, respectively.  The $87 million prepayment of FHLB borrowings was entirely funded by cash balances that were held as collateral at the FHLB of Atlanta.  Actual ending balances for long-term borrowings   decreased     $94.7 million   to   $1.5 billion   at   September 30, 2016   as compared to   June 30, 2016     primarily due to the maturity and repayment of FHLB advances during July 2016, as well the unamortized portion of the $20 million prepayment penalty related to the debt modification during the third quarter of 2016. 
    
  Selected Performance Indicators.   The following table presents our annualized performance ratios for the periods indicated: 

ROATE, which is a non-GAAP measure, is computed by dividing net income by average shareholders  equity less average goodwill and average other intangible assets, as follows: 

Management believes the ROATE measure provides information useful to management and investors in understanding our underlying operational performance, our business and performance trends and the measure facilitates comparisons with the performance of others in the financial services industry. This non-GAAP financial measure should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for or superior to financial measures calculated in accordance with U.S. GAAP. These non-GAAP financial measures may also be calculated differently from similar measures disclosed by other companies. 
    
  All of the above ratios are, from time to time, impacted by net gains and losses on securities transactions, net gains on sales of loans and net impairment losses on securities recognized in non-interest income. These amounts can vary widely from period to period due to, among other factors, the level of sales of our investment securities classified as available for sale, the amount of residential mortgage loans originated for sale, and the results of our quarterly impairment analysis of the held to maturity and available for sale investment portfolios.  See the  Non-Interest Income  section below for more details. 

51 

Net Interest Income 
  Net interest income on a tax equivalen  t basis totaling   $156.3 million   for the   third quarter of 2016   increased   $2.8 million   and   $20.4 million   from the   second quarter of 2016   and   third quarter of 2015  , respectively.  Interest income on a tax equivalent basis increased   $2.3 million   to   $193.4 million   for the   third quarter of 2016   as compared to the   second quarter of 2016   mainly due to increases of $317.8 million and $140.3 million in average loans and investments, respectively, partially offset by a 4 basis point decline in the yield on average loans.  The decrease in yield on average loans for the   third quarter of 2016   as compared to the linked second quarter was due, in part, to a decline in periodic interest income recoveries from non-performing loans (including closed purchased credit-impaired loan pools), as well as a moderate decrease in loan prepayment penalty fees.  Interest expense of   $37.1 million   for the   three months ended September 30, 2016     decreased     $516 thousand   from the   second quarter of 2016  , and   decreased     $3.7 million   as compared to the   third quarter of 2015  .  During   third quarter of 2016  , our interest expense on long-term borrowings declined by approximately   $1.3 million   largely due to the $405 million in FHLB borrowings modified at lower interest rates during August 2016, as well as the maturity of $27 million and $75 million of high cost FHLB borrowings in late April and July 2016, respectively.  The reduction in interest expense from the FHLB modifications and repayments was partially offset by higher interest expense on short-term borrowings and interest bearing deposits, which was mostly caused by increases of $221.2 million and $152.2 million in their respective average balances during the third quarter of 2016.  The  average short-term borrowings increased due to new short-term FHLB borrowings used to fund certain maturities of long-term borrowings over the last two quarters, while average interest bearing deposits increased, in part, due to higher brokered money market deposit account balances. 
  Average interest earning assets   increased   to   $19.9 billion   for the   third quarter of 2016   as compared to approximately   $17.6 billion   for the   third quarter of 2015   largely due to the acquired loans and investments totaling $825.5 million and $327.3 million, respectively, in the acquisition of CNL on December 1, 2015, as well as strong organic and purchased loan growth over the last twelve month period.  The broad-based loan growth within several loan categories since   September 30, 2015   was largely supplemented by purchases of loan participations in multi-family loans and 1-4 family loans totaling a combined $713 million primarily from local third party originators during the last twelve months ended   September 30, 2016  . Compared to the   second quarter of 2016  , average interest earning assets   increased   by   $359.3 million   from   $19.5 billion   largely due to organic and purchased loan growth mainly within commercial real estate and other consumer loans during the second and third quarters of 2016, partially offset by a decline in overnight cash balances.  Average overnight cash balances declined due to the $87 million prepayment of FHLB advances in May 2016, as well as normal fluctuations in the timing of loan originations and other investment activities.  As a result of the loan growth over the last six months, average loans   increased     $317.8 million   from the   second quarter of 2016  . Our average investments also   increased     $140.3 million   as compared to the linked second quarter of 2016 largely due to the purchase of residential mortgage-backed securities during the third quarter of 2016. 
  Average interest bearing liabilities   increased     $1.6 billion   to   $14.6 billion   for the   third quarter of 2016   as compared to the   third quarter of 2015   mainly due to deposits and other borrowings totaling $1.2 billion and $147.8 million, respectively, assumed in the acquisition of CNL during the fourth quarter of 2015, and a much greater use of short-term FHLB advances since late December 2015 as part of our overall funding and liquidity strategy, as well low cost brokered money market deposits. Compared to the   second quarter of 2016  , average interest bearing liabilities   increased     $269.0 million   in the   third quarter of 2016   mostly due to higher levels of both short-term FHLB advances and brokered money market deposit account balances.  See additional information under "Deposits and Other Borrowings" in the Executive Summary section above. 
  The net interest margin on a tax equivalent basis of   3.14 percent   for the   third quarter of 2016   was unchanged from the   second quarter of 2016  , and   increased     5   basis points as compared to the   third quarter of 2015  . The yield on average interest earning assets decreased by 2 basis points on a linked quarter basis mostly due to the lower yield on average loans. The yield on average loans decreased 4 basis points to 4.13 percent for the  third quarter of 2016 and was negatively impacted by the aforementioned decreases in periodic interest income and fees as compared to the second quarter of 2016.  Our yield on average taxable investment securities decreased by 6 basis points during the   third quarter of 2016   as compared to the   second quarter of 2016   largely due to increased premium amortization expense caused by higher principal repayments on residential mortgage-backed securities, as well as the purchases of lower yielding residential mortgage-backed securities issued by Ginnie Mae.  The overall cost of average interest bearing liabilities  
  
   52 

decreased by 3 basis points from   1.05 percent   in the linked   second quarter of 2016  .  The decrease was primarily due to a 9 basis point decrease in the cost of long-term borrowings mostly caused by the aforementioned debt modification.  Our cost of total deposits was   0.47 percent   for the   third quarter of 2016   and remained unchanged as compared to the   second quarter of 2016  . 
  The expected future level of our net interest margin is subject to a multitude of conditional, and sometimes unpredictable, factors that can impact the actual margin results.  For example, our margin may continue to face the risk of compression in the future due to, among other factors, the relatively low level of market interest rates on most interest earning asset alternatives, further repayment of higher yielding interest earning assets, and the re-pricing risk related to our interest earning assets with short durations if long-term market rates were to decline below current levels. However, we continuously manage our balance sheet and explore ways to reduce our cost of funds to optimize our net interest margin and overall returns.  The aforementioned borrowings repaid in late July and the debt modification of $405 million in high cost FHLB borrowings during August 2016 are all expected to benefit our future net interest income and margin.  Additionally, potential future loan growth from solid loan demand in our primary markets (that has continued into the early stages of the fourth quarter of 2016) is anticipated to positively impact our future net interest income. 

53 

The following table reflects the components of net interest income for the three months ended   September 30, 2016  ,   June 30, 2016   and   September 30, 2015  : 
    
  Quarterly Analysis of Average Assets, Liabilities and Shareholders  Equity and 
  Net Interest Income on a Tax Equivalent Basis 

54 

The following table reflects the components of net interest income for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015  : 
    
  Analysis of Average Assets, Liabilities and Shareholders  Equity and 
  Net Interest Income on a Tax Equivalent Basis 

(1) 
    Interest income is presented on a tax equivalent basis using a   35 percent   federal tax rate. 
              (2) 
    Loans are stated net of unearned income and include non-accrual loans. 
              (3) 
    The yield for securities that are classified as available for sale is based on the average historical amortized cost. 
              (4) 
    Includes junior subordinated debentures issued to capital trusts which are presented separately on the consolidated 
     statements of financial condition. 
           (5) 
    Interest rate spread represents the difference between the average yield on interest earning assets and the average cost of interest bearing liabilities and is presented on a fully tax equivalent basis. 
              (6) 
    Net interest income as a percentage of total average interest earning assets. 

55 

The following table demonstrates the relative impact on net interest income of changes in the volume of interest earning assets and interest bearing liabilities and changes in rates earned and paid by us on such assets and liabilities. Variances resulting from a combination of changes in volume and rates are allocated to the categories in proportion to the absolute dollar amounts of the change in each category. 
    
  Change in Net Interest Income on a Tax Equivalent Basis 

* 
    Interest income is presented on a tax equivalent basis using a   35 percent   tax rate. 
      
  Non-Interest Income 
    
  The following table presents the components of non-interest income for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  : 

56 

Insurance commissions   increased     $461 thousand   and   $1.7 million   for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , respectively, as compared with the same periods in   2015   mainly due to higher commissions generated from the Bank's insurance agency subsidiary, including additional fees related to certain intangible assets acquired from an independent insurance agency during the first quarter of 2016. See Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements for more details on this acquisition. 
    
  Net gains on securities transactions   decreased     $2.2 million   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   as compared with the same period in   2015   due to an immaterial amount of investment securities sold during the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  . Net gains during the first nine months of   2015   related to the sale of corporate debt securities and trust preferred securities with a total unamortized cost of approximately $34.2 million, including one corporate debt security classified as held to maturity with amortized cost of $9.8 million during the first quarter of 2015. The sales of these securities were primarily due to an investment portfolio re-balancing during the first quarter of 2015 due to changes in our regulatory capital calculation under the new Basel III regulatory capital reform (effective for Valley on January 1, 2015).  Under ASC Topic 320,  Investments - Debt and Equity Securities,  the sale of held to maturity securities based upon the change in capital requirements is permitted without tainting the remaining held to maturity investment portfolio. 
    
  Net gains on sales of loans   increased     $2.8 million   and   $6.7 million   for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively, as compared to the same periods in   2015   largely due to a higher volume of residential mortgage loans originated for sale during   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and the continued success of our low fixed cost mortgage refinance programs.  Loans originated for sale (including both new and refinanced loans)   increased   $118.0 million to   $171.9 million   for the   third quarter of 2016   as compared to the same quarter in   2015  . During the   third quarter of 2016  , we sold   $149.2 million   of fixed-rate residential mortgage loans as compared to $40.4 million in the   third quarter of 2015  . Our net gains on sales of loans for each period are comprised of both gains on sales of residential mortgages and the net change in the mark to market gains and losses on our loans held for sale carried at fair value at each period end. The net change in the fair value of loans held for sale resulted in net gains of   $696 thousand   and $660 thousand for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively, and   $346 thousand   and $813 thousand for the nine months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively.  Our decision to either sell or retain our mortgage loan production is dependent upon, among other factors, the levels of interest rates, consumer demand, the economy and our ability to maintain the appropriate level of interest rate risk on our balance sheet. See further discussions of our residential mortgage loan origination activity under the  Loan Portfolio  section of this MD A below.      
    
  Net gains on sales of assets   increased     $868 thousand   and   $1.1 million   for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , respectively, as compared to the same periods in   2015  . The quarter over quarter increase was mainly as result of losses on seven branches during the third quarter of 2015 that were closed as part of our on-going branch "right-sizing" effort initiated in the second half of 2015. The increase during the nine months ended   September 30, 2016   as compared to the same period in 2015 was mainly due to net gains from the sale of two former branch locations that were closed in the second quarter of 2016. See the "Branch Efficiency and Cost Reduction Plans" section below for additional information. 
    
  The Bank and the FDIC share in the losses on loans and real estate owned as part of the loss-sharing agreements from FDIC-assisted transactions, including loss-sharing agreements acquired from 1st United on November 1, 2014. The asset arising from the loss-sharing agreements is referred to as the  FDIC loss-share receivable  and it is included in "Other assets" on Valley's consolidated statements of financial condition. Within the non-interest income category, we may recognize income or expense related to the change in the FDIC loss-share receivable resulting from (i) a change in the estimated credit losses on the pools of covered loans, (ii) income from reimbursable expenses incurred during the period, (iii) accretion of the discount resulting from the present value of the receivable recorded at the acquisition dates, and (iv) prospective recognition of decreases in the receivable attributable to better than originally estimated cash flows on certain covered loan pools. The aggregate effect of changes in the FDIC loss-share receivable was a net reduction in non-interest income of   $313 thousand   and   $55 thousand   for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   and 2015, respectively, and   $872 thousand   and   $3.4  
  
   57 

million   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   and 2015, respectively.  The majority of the larger reduction in both the receivable and non-interest income during the the nine months ended   September 30, 2015   related to the prospective adjustment to the receivable for better than originally estimated cash flows on certain pools of covered loans since the acquisition.  These prospective adjustments were recognized only through the March 2015 expiration date of the related commercial loan loss-sharing agreements from Valley's 2010 FDIC-assisted transactions.   
    
  See the  FDIC Loss-Share Receivable Related to Covered Loans and Foreclosed Assets  section below in this MD A and Note 8 to the consolidated financial statements for further details. 

Non-Interest Expense 
    
  The following table presents the components of non-interest expense for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  : 

Salary and employee benefits expense   increased     $3.8 million   and   $8.8 million   for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , respectively, as compared to the same periods in   2015   largely due to additional staffing expenses related to our acquisition of CNL on December 1, 2015.  However, the increase during the nine months  ended   September 30, 2016   was partially offset by lower cash incentive compensation accruals, as well as an increase in net periodic pension income from our frozen qualified pension plan as compared to 2015 period. Our health care expenses increased by $547 thousand and $719 thousand during the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , respectively, as compared to the same periods in   2015  . While this increase can be mostly attributed to the CNL acquisition, our health care expenses are at times volatile due to self-funding of a large portion of our insurance plan and these medical expenses can fluctuate based on our plan experience into the foreseeable future. 
    
  Net occupancy and equipment expenses   decreased     $868 thousand   for the   three months ended September 30, 2016   as compared to the same period of   2015   mainly due to a reduction in branch rental expense caused by the reversal of an accrued lease obligation of a terminated lease for a previously closed branch location during the third quarter of 2016 and lower periodic repairs and maintenance expenses.  The decreases were partially offset by an increase in depreciation expense mostly caused by the acquired CNL branches. See the "Branch Efficiency and Cost Reduction Plans" section below for additional information. 
    
  FDIC insurance assessments   increased     $636 thousand   and   $3.0 million   for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , respectively, as compared to the same periods in   2015   largely due to our growth resulting from the CNL acquisition and expansion of our commercial lending segment during the nine months ended   September 30, 2016  . 

58 

Amortization of intangible assets   increased     $443 thousand   and   $1.7 million   for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , respectively, as compared to the same periods in   2015   mainly due to increases of $577 thousand and $1.8 million in amortization expense of core deposit intangibles during the respective periods of 2016 due to the CNL acquisition.  
    
  Amortization of tax credit investments   increased     $1.2 million   and   $7.1 million   for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , respectively, as compared to the same periods in   2015   mainly due to additional purchases of tax-advantaged investments over the last twelve months. These investments, while negatively impacting the level of our operating expenses and efficiency ratio, directly reduce our income tax expense and effective tax rate. See Note 14 for more details regarding our tax credit investments. 
    
  Other non-interest expense   increased     $4.2 million   for   nine months ended September 30, 2016   as compared to the same period in   2015   due, in part, to operating losses and debt prepayment penalties totaling $1.3 million and $315 thousand, respectively, during the second quarter of 2016.  Within other non-interest expense, we also experienced moderate increases in several items, including debit card and ATM expenses, travel and entertainment, and insurance expense as compared to the   nine months ended September 30, 2015   partly caused by our growth, both organically and through acquisition.   
    
  The efficiency ratio measures total non-interest expense as a percentage of net interest income plus total non-interest income. We believe this non-GAAP measure, provides a meaningful comparison of our operational performance and facilitates investors  assessments of business performance and trends in comparison to our peers in the banking industry.  Our overall efficiency ratio, and its comparability to some of our peers, is negatively impacted by the amortization of tax credit investments within non-interest expense and, from time to time, reductions in our non-interest income related to changes in the FDIC loss-share receivable.   
    
  The following table presents our efficiency ratio and a reconciliation of the efficiency ratio adjusted for such items during the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  : 

Branch Efficiency and Cost Reduction Plans  
    
  In the second quarter of 2015, we disclosed a branch efficiency plan to "right-size" our branch network. We, like many in the banking industry, have experienced a significant decline in branch foot traffic as the emergence of self-service technology continues to reshape the banking industry. In response to these shifts in customer preference we have invested in new delivery channels and systems that will modernize the branch banking experience. Mobile  
  
   59 

banking, remote deposit, enhanced ATMs, online account opening, cash recyclers and complementary online services are part of our modernization plan and will redefine the traditional banking experience at Valley. 
    
  As a result of our reviews and the evolution of banking in general, our current plan included the closure and consolidation of 31 branch locations based upon our continuous evaluation of customer delivery channel preferences, branch usage patterns, and other factors.  Of the 31 branches, 30 branches were closed as of September 30, 2016 (including 3 Florida branches closed during the third quarter of 2016 and 13 mostly New Jersey branches closed in the second quarter of 2016). The remaining branch, located in Sebastian, Florida, was sold with its deposits totaling approximately $13 million to another financial institution during October 2016.  The transaction is expected to result in an immaterial gain for the fourth quarter of 2016.  
    
  We have continued to evaluate the operational efficiency of our entire branch network (consisting of   110   leased and   99   owned office locations) to ensure the optimal performance of our retail operations, in conjunction with several other factors, including our customers  delivery channel preferences, branch usage patterns, and the potential opportunity to move existing customer relationships to another branch location without imposing a negative impact on their banking experience.  
    
  In addition to the branch closures, Valley commenced a cost reduction plan in the fourth quarter of 2015 aimed at achieving operational efficiencies through streamlining various aspects of Valley's business model, staff reductions and further utilization of technological enhancements.  When both of these plans were consummated, we expected the fully implemented reduction in annual operating expenses to be approximately $18 million.  Due to enhancements to the original plans, including the three additional branch closures during the third quarter of 2016, we now believe these savings will ultimately increase to nearly $20 million.  These measures are currently on track to save $15 million in pre-tax operating expenses for the full year of 2016, exclusive of the CNL staffing reductions effective April 1, 2016.  
   
  Income Taxes 
    
  Income tax expense was   $17.0 million   and   $10.2 million   for the   three months ended September 30, 2016   and 2015, respectively, and   $46.9 million   and   $34.9 million   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   and 2015, respectively. Our effective tax rate was   28.5   percent and   22.1   percent for the third quarters of 2016 and 2015, respectively, and   28.4 percent   and   26.2 percent   for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. The increase in effective tax rate during both the three and nine months of 2016 was mostly due to an increase in the marginal tax expense as a result of an increase in income before taxes as compared to the same periods of 2015. 
    
  U.S. GAAP requires that any change in judgment or change in measurement of a tax position taken in a prior annual period be recognized as a discrete event in the quarter in which it occurs, rather than being recognized as a change in effective tax rate for the current year.  Our adherence to these tax guidelines may result in volatile effective income tax rates in future quarterly and annual periods.  Factors that could impact management s judgment include changes in income, tax laws and regulations, and tax planning strategies. For the remainder of 2016, we anticipate that our effective tax rate will range from 27 percent to 30 percent. The effective tax rate is generally lower than the statutory rate primarily due to tax credits derived from our investments in qualified affordable housing projects and other investments related to community development and renewable energy sources, as well as earnings from other tax-exempt investments.  See Note 14 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding our tax credit investments. 
   
  Business Segments 
    
  We have   four   business segments that we monitor and report on to manage our business operations. These segments are consumer lending, commercial lending, investment management, and corporate and other adjustments. Our reportable segments have been determined based upon Valley s internal structure of operations and lines of business. Each business segment is reviewed routinely for its asset growth, contribution to income before income taxes and return on average interest earning assets and impairment (if events or circumstances indicate a possible  
  
   60 

inability to realize the carrying amount). Expenses related to the branch network, all other components of retail banking, along with the back office departments of our subsidiary bank are allocated from the corporate and other adjustments segment to each of the other   three   business segments. Interest expense and internal transfer expense (for general corporate expenses) are allocated to each business segment utilizing a  pool funding  methodology, which involves the allocation of uniform funding cost based on each segments  average earning assets outstanding for the period. The financial reporting for each segment contains allocations and reporting in line with our operations, which may not necessarily be comparable to any other financial institution. The accounting for each segment includes internal accounting policies designed to measure consistent and reasonable financial reporting, and may result in income and expense measurements that differ from amounts under U.S. GAAP. Furthermore, changes in management structure or allocation methodologies and procedures may result in changes in reported segment financial data.  
    
  The following tables present the financial data for each business segment for the   three months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015  : 

Consumer Lending 
    
  This segment, representing approximately 29.8 percent of our loan portfolio at   September 30, 2016  , is mainly comprised of residential mortgage loans, home equity loans and automobile loans. The duration of the residential mortgage loan portfolio (which represented   17.0 percent     of our loan portfolio at   September 30, 2016  , including covered loans) is subject to movements in the market level of interest rates and forecasted prepayment speeds. The weighted average life of the automobile loans (representing   6.7 percent   of total loans at   September 30, 2016  ) is relatively unaffected by movements in the market level of interest rates. However, the average life may be impacted by new loans as a result of the availability of credit within the automobile marketplace and consumer demand for purchasing new or used automobiles. The consumer lending segment also includes the Wealth Management Division, comprised of trust, asset management, insurance services, and asset-based lending support services.  
    
  Average interest earning assets in this segment   increased     $133.5 million   to   $5.0 billion   for the   three months ended September 30, 2016     as compared to the   third quarter   of   2015  .  The increase was largely due to continued solid organic growth in secured personal lines of credit over the last 12-month period, partially offset by declines in auto loan volume and our election to originate a higher volume of residential mortgage loans for sale, rather than investment during 2016.  At   September 30, 2016  , our consumer lending portfolio also included $111.3 million of PCI loans (mostly consisting of residential mortgage loans and home equity loans) acquired in connection with the  
  
   61 

CNL merger during the fourth quarter of 2015. These increases were partially offset by the transfer of $174.5 million of performing 30-year fixed rate mortgages to loans held for sale during the third quarter of 2016. 
    
  Income before income taxes generated by the consumer lending segment   increased     $5.1 million     to   $17.1 million     for the   third quarter   of   2016   as compared to   $12.0 million   for the   third quarter   of   2015   largely due to increases in net interest income and non-interest income totaling   $1.9 million   and   $3.2 million   for the   third quarter   of   2016  , respectively, and a decrease of   $2.2 million   in internal transfer expense as compared to the same periods in   2015  . The increase in net interest income was mainly due to the higher average loan balances since   September 30, 2015  , partially offset by a 8 basis point decline in the yield on average loans as the new loan volume was generated at current market interest rates below the yield on the average portfolio.  The increase in non-interest income was mostly driven by a   $2.8 million   increase in the net gains on sales of loans caused by a higher level of sales volumes during   third quarter   of   2016  . The positive impact of the aforementioned items was partially offset by increases in the provision for credit losses and non-interest expense totaling   $1.5 million   and   $698 thousand  , respectively, as compared to the   third quarter     of   2015  .  
    
  The net interest margin on the consumer lending portfolio   increased     7   basis points to   2.78 percent   for the   third quarter   of   2016   as compared to the same quarter one year ago.  The net interest margin was positively impacted by a   15   basis point decrease in the costs associated with our funding sources, partially offset by a   8   basis point decline in yield on average loans. The decrease in our cost of funds was primarily due to the lower cost of our average long-term borrowings driven by the prepayment, modification and maturity of high cost borrowings over the last twelve months.  See the "Executive Summary" and the "Net Interest Income" sections above for more details on our deposits and other borrowings. 
   
  Commercial Lending 
    
  The commercial lending segment is comprised of floating rate and adjustable rate commercial and industrial loans and construction loans, as well as fixed rate owner occupied and commercial real estate loans. Due to the portfolio s mix of interest rate characteristics, commercial lending is Valley s business segment that is most sensitive to movements in market interest rates. Commercial and industrial loans totaled approximately   $2.6 billion     and represented   15.4 percent   of the total loan portfolio at   September 30, 2016  .  Commercial real estate loans and construction loans totaled   $9.1 billion   and represented   54.8 percent     of the total loan portfolio at   September 30, 2016  . 
    
  Average interest earning assets in this segment   increased     $1.7 billion   to   $11.5 billion   for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   as compared to the   third quarter   of   2015  . This increase was due, in part, to solid organic commercial real estate loan growth across many segments of borrowers, purchases of participations in multi-family loans (mostly in New York City) totaling over $505 million over the last 12 months, as well as PCI loans totaling $581 million at   September 30, 2016   that were acquired in connection with the CNL merger. 
    
  For the three months ended   September 30, 2016  , income before income taxes for the commercial lending segment   increased     $8.3 million     to   $46.5 million   as compared to the same quarter of   2015   mostly due to an increase in net interest income, partially offset by an increases in the provision for credit losses and internal transfer expense. Net interest income   increased     $14.4 million   to   $106.8 million   for the   third quarter   of   2016   as compared to the same period in   2015   largely due to the aforementioned organic, purchased and acquired loan growth over the last 12 months  . P  rovision for credit losses   increased     $4.2 million   during the three months ended   September 30, 2016   as compared to   $1.3 million   for the   third quarter   of   2015  . See further details in the "Allowance for Credit Losses" section. Internal transfer expense   increased     $2.5 million   during the   third quarter   of   2016   as compared to the same period in   2015   due, in part, to the acquisition of CNL. 
    
  The net interest margin for this segment   decreased     7   basis points to   3.70 percent   for the   third quarter of 2016   as compared to the same quarter one year ago as a result of a   22   basis point decline in yield on average loans, partially offset by a   15   basis point   decrease   in the cost of our funding sources. The decrease in the yield on loans was primarily due to the new and refinanced loan volumes at current interest rates that are relatively low compared to  
  
   62 

the overall yield of our loan portfolio, as well as lower reforecasted yields on certain PCI loan pools recognized during the nine months ended   September 30, 2016  . 
   
  I  nvestment Management 
    
  The investment management segment generates a large portion of our income through investments in various types of securities and interest-bearing deposits with other banks. These investments are mainly comprised of fixed rate securities and, depending on our liquid cash position, federal funds sold and interest-bearing deposits with banks (primarily the Federal Reserve Bank of New York) as part of our asset/liability management strategies. The fixed rate investments are one of Valley s least sensitive assets to changes in market interest rates. However, a portion of the investment portfolio is invested in shorter-duration securities to maintain the overall asset sensitivity of our balance sheet. See the  Asset/Liability Management  section below for further analysis.  
    
  Average interest earning assets in this segment   increased     $438.4 million   during the   third quarter   of   2016   as compared to the   third quarter   of   2015  .  The increase was partly due to $327.3 million of investment securities classified as available for sale that were acquired in connection with the CNL merger and additional investment purchases during the third quarter of 2016 primarily consisting of residential mortgage-backed securities issued by Ginnie Mae. 
    
  For the quarter ended   September 30, 2016  , income before income taxes for the investment management segment   increased   approximately   $2.4 million   to   $6.7 million   compared to the   third quarter   in   2015   mainly due to a   $3.1 million     increase   in net interest income. The increase in net interest income was mainly driven by the higher average investment balances in the third quarter of 2016.  
    
  The net interest margin for this segment   increased     12     basis points to   1.96 percent     for the   third quarter   of   2016   as compared to the same quarter one year ago largely due to a   15   basis point   decrease   in costs associated with our funding sources, as well as a   3   basis point   decrease   in the yield on average investments. 
   
  Corporate and other adjustments 
    
  The amounts disclosed as  corporate and other adjustments  represent income and expense items not directly attributable to a specific segment, including net securities gains and losses not reported in the investment management segment above, interest expense related to subordinated notes, and income and expense from derivative financial instruments. 
    
  The pre-tax net loss for the corporate segment   increased     $3.1 million   to   $11.4 million   for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   as compared to the three months ended   September 30, 2015  .  The higher pre-tax loss was mainly caused by a   $3.6 million     increase   in non-interest expense, partially offset by an increase of   $740 thousand   in internal transfer income as compared to the third quarter of   2015  . The increase in non-interest expense during the third quarter of 2016 related to increases in several general expense categories including, but not limited to, salary and employee benefits expense and the amortization of tax credit investments.  See further details in the "Non-Interest Expense" section above.  

63 

The following tables present the financial data for each business segment for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015  : 

Consumer Lending 
  Average interest earning assets in this segment   increased     $440.1 million   to   $5.1 billion   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   as compared to the same period in   2015  . The increase was largely due to the aforementioned solid organic growth in secured personal lines of credit over the last 12-month period, partially offset by declines in auto loan volume and our election to originate a higher volume of residential mortgage loans for sale, rather than investment during 2016.  
  Income before income taxes generated by the consumer lending segment   increased     $15.2 million     to   $45.3 million     for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   as compared to the same period of   2015   largely due to a   $11.4 million   increase in net interest income. The increase in net interest income as compared to the same period one year ago was mainly due to additional interest income generated from higher average loan balances. Non-interest income also   increased     $8.1 million   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   as compared to the same period of   2015   mainly due to a   $6.7 million   increase in net gains on sales of loans caused by a higher level of sales volumes during the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   as compared to the same period of   2015  . The positive impact of these items was partially offset by increases in both non-interest expense and internal transfer expense totaling   $3.4 million   and   $1.1 million  , respectively, as compared to the   nine months ended September 30, 2015  .  
    
  The net interest margin on the consumer lending portfolio   increased     6   basis points to   2.78 percent   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   as compared to the same period in   2015   mainly due to a   15   basis point decrease in the costs associated with our funding sources, partially offset by a   9   basis point decline in yield on average loans. The decrease in yield on average loans was largely caused by purchased, new and refinanced loan volumes that remain at relatively low interest rates as compared to the overall yield of our loan portfolio, as well as repayment of higher yielding loans, including PCI loans.  
   
  Commercial Lending 
  Average interest earning assets in this segment   increased     $1.7 billion   to   $11.2 billion   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   as compared to the same period in   2015  . This increase was due, in part, to solid organic commercial real estate loan growth across many segments of borrowers, including new loan production from our  
  
   64 

Florida markets, and the PCI loans acquired from CNL in December 2015. We also supplemented our organic originations with purchases of participations in multi-family loans totaling over $505 million over the last 12 months, as well as $505.4 million of PCI loans acquired from CNL. 
    
  For the nine months ended   September 30, 2016  , income before income taxes for the commercial lending segment   increased     $21.5 million     to   $137.7 million   as compared to the same period in   2015   mostly due to an increase in both net interest income and non-interest income, partially offset by an increase in internal transfer expense and the provision for credit losses. Net interest income   increased     $33.9 million   to   $313.7 million   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   as compared to the same period in   2015   largely due to the aforementioned organic, purchased and acquired loan growth over the last 12 months  .     Non-interest income   increased     $3.0 million   as compared to the nine months ended   September 30, 2015   largely due to the positive aggregate effect of changes in the FDIC loss-share receivable. See the "Non-interest income" section above for further details. Internal transfer expense   increased     $10.7 million   during the nine months ended   September 30, 2016   as compared to the same period in   2015   due, in part, to additional operating expenses related to our growth, including the acquisition of CNL.  The provision for credit losses increased   $3.8 million   during nine months ended   September 30, 2016   as compared to the same period in   2015  . See further details in the "Allowance for Credit Losses" section below and Note 9 to the consolidated financial statements. 
    
  The net interest margin for this segment   decreased     19   basis points to   3.75 percent   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   as compared to the same period in   2015   as a result of a   34   basis point decline in yield on average loans, partially offset by a   15   basis point   decrease   in the cost of our funding sources. The decrease in the yield on loans was primarily due to the new and refinanced loan volumes at current interest rates that are relatively low compared to the overall yield of our loan portfolio, as well as lower reforecasted yields on certain PCI loan pools recognized during the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  .  
   
  I  nvestment Management 
    
  Average interest earning assets in this segment   increased     $353.9 million   during the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   as compared to the same period in   2015  . The increase was due, in part, to the aforementioned investment securities acquired in connection with the CNL merger and additional purchases of investment securities mostly in the third quarter of 2016. 
    
  For the nine months ended   September 30, 2016  , income before income taxes for the investment management segment   increased   approximately   $4.1 million   to   $16.0 million   compared to the same period of   2015   largely due to a   $5.4 million     increase   in net interest income. The increase in net interest income was mainly driven by higher average balances for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   as compared to the same period in   2015  . This increase was partially offset by higher internal transfer expense totaling   $35.8 million   during the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   as compared to   $34.4 million   for the same period in   2015  . 
    
  The net interest margin for this segment   increased     2     basis points to   1.88 percent     for the for   nine months ended September 30, 2016   as compared to the same period one year ago largely due to the   15   basis point   decrease   in costs associated with our funding sources, partially offset by a   13   basis point   decrease   in the yield on average investments driven by principal repayments of higher yielding investments and additional investments at current low interest rates. 
   
  Corporate and other adjustments 
    
  The pre-tax net loss for the corporate segment   increased     $10.1 million   to   $35.3 million   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016     as compared to the same period of   2015   mainly due to a   $22.6 million     increase   in non-interest expense, partially offset by a   $13.2 million   increase in internal transfer income. The increase in non-interest expense related to increases in several general expense categories, including, but not limited to, salary and employee benefits expense related to the acquisition of the CNL, amortization of tax credit investments, and the FDIC insurance assessment expense. See further details in the "Non-Interest Expense" section above. 
  
   65 

ASSET/LIABILITY MANAGEMENT  
    
  Interest Rate Sensitivity 
    
  Our success is largely dependent upon our ability to manage interest rate risk. Interest rate risk can be defined as the exposure of our interest rate sensitive assets and liabilities to the movement in interest rates. Our Asset/Liability Management Committee is responsible for managing such risks and establishing policies that monitor and coordinate our sources and uses of funds. Asset/Liability management is a continuous process due to the constant change in interest rate risk factors. In assessing the appropriate interest rate risk levels for us, management weighs the potential benefit of each risk management activity within the desired parameters of liquidity, capital levels and management s tolerance for exposure to income fluctuations. Many of the actions undertaken by management utilize fair value analysis and attempts to achieve consistent accounting and economic benefits for financial assets and their related funding sources. We have predominately focused on managing our interest rate risk by attempting to match the inherent risk and cash flows of financial assets and liabilities. Specifically, management employs multiple risk management activities such as optimizing the level of new residential mortgage originations retained in our mortgage portfolio through increasing or decreasing loan sales in the secondary market, product pricing levels, the desired maturity levels for new originations, the composition levels of both our interest earning assets and interest bearing liabilities, as well as several other risk management activities. 
    
  We use a simulation model to analyze net interest income sensitivity to movements in interest rates. The simulation model projects net interest income based on various interest rate scenarios over a 12-month and 24-month period. The model is based on the actual maturity and re-pricing characteristics of rate sensitive assets and liabilities. The model incorporates certain assumptions which management believes to be reasonable regarding the impact of changing interest rates and the prepayment assumptions of certain assets and liabilities as of   September 30, 2016  . The model assumes immediate changes in interest rates without any proactive change in the composition or size of the balance sheet, or other future actions that management might undertake to mitigate this risk. In the model, the forecasted shape of the yield curve remains static as of   September 30, 2016  . The impact of interest rate derivatives, such as interest rate swaps and caps, is also included in the model. 
    
  Our simulation model is based on market interest rates and prepayment speeds prevalent in the market as of   September 30, 2016  . Although the size of Valley s balance sheet is forecasted to remain static as of   September 30, 2016   in our model, the composition is adjusted to reflect new interest earning assets and funding originations coupled with rate spreads utilizing our actual originations during the   third quarter of 2016  . The model also utilizes an immediate parallel shift in the market interest rates at   September 30, 2016  . 
    
  The assumptions used in the net interest income simulation are inherently uncertain. Actual results may differ significantly from those presented in the table below due to the frequency and timing of changes in interest rates and changes in spreads between maturity and re-pricing categories. Overall, our net interest income is affected by changes in interest rates and cash flows from our loan and investment portfolios. We actively manage these cash flows in conjunction with our liability mix, duration and interest rates to optimize the net interest income, while structuring the balance sheet in response to actual or potential changes in interest rates. Additionally, our net interest income is impacted by the level of competition within our marketplace. Competition can negatively impact the level of interest rates attainable on loans and increase the cost of deposits, which may result in downward pressure on our net interest margin in future periods. Other factors, including, but not limited to, the slope of the yield curve and projected cash flows will impact our net interest income results and may increase or decrease the level of asset sensitivity of our balance sheet. 
    
  Convexity is a measure of how the duration of a financial instrument changes as market interest rates change. Potential movements in the convexity of bonds held in our investment portfolio, as well as the duration of the loan portfolio may have a positive or negative impact on our net interest income in varying interest rate environments. As a result, the increase or decrease in forecasted net interest income may not have a linear relationship to the results reflected in the table above. Management cannot provide any assurance about the actual effect of changes in interest rates on our net interest income. 
  
   66 

The following table reflects management s expectations of the change in our net interest income over the next 12- month period in light of the aforementioned assumptions.  While an instantaneous and severe shift in interest rates was used in this simulation model, we believe that any actual shift in interest rates would likely be more gradual and would therefore have a more modest impact than shown in the table below. 

As noted in the table above, a   100   basis point immediate increase in interest rates is projected to increase net interest income over the next 12 months by   0.14 percent  . The sensitivity of our balance sheet to such a move in interest rates at   September 30, 2016   decreased as compared to   June 30, 2016   (which was a decrease of   2.07 percent   in net interest income over a 12 month period). The improved projected net interest income as compared to June 30, 2016 was due, in part, to several items, including new re-pricing assumptions related to our deposits without stated maturities (based upon a comprehensive study of our deposit sensitivity completed by a third party advisor during the third quarter of 2016) which decreased the overall expected sensitivity of such deposits to changes in interest rates at September 30, 2016.  Additionally, the reduced effective interest rate on the $405 million of debt modified in August 2016 and the termination of a $125 million interest rate swap, which effectively converted the formerly hedged 5.125 percent subordinated notes back to fixed rate instruments with an adjusted yield of 3.32 percent, contributed to the increase in projected net interest income as compared to the June 30, 2016 projection.  See the "Executive Summary" section above for more details on the debt and swap transactions.  The slight decrease in the projected net interest income under a 200 basis point immediate increase in interest rates scenario (shown in the table above) was partially due to interest rate caps on some of our variable rate loan products. 
    
  Our interest rate swaps and caps designated as cash flow hedging relationships are designed to protect us from upward movements in interest rates on certain deposits and other borrowings based on the prime rate (as reported by The Wall Street Journal) or the three-month LIBOR rate. We have 11 cash flow hedge interest rate swaps with a total notional value of $782 million at   September 30, 2016   that currently pay fixed and receive floating rates. We also utilize fair value and non-designated hedge interest rate swaps to effectively convert fixed rate loans and brokered certificates of deposit to floating rate instruments. The cash flow hedges are expected to benefit our net interest income in a rising interest rate environment.  However, due to the prolonged low level of market interest rates and the strike rate of these instruments, the cash flow hedge interest rate swaps and cap negatively impacted our net interest income during the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  . We expect this negative trend to continue into the foreseeable future due to the moderate pace of the Federal Reserve s current monetary policies designed to impact the level of market interest rates. See Note 12 to the consolidated financial statements for further details on our derivative transactions.  
    
  Despite the negative impact of such derivative transactions, the possibility of an improving U.S. economy, the debt modification of $405 million in high cost FHLB borrowings during August 2016, an additional $75 million in high cost borrowings that matured in July 2016, and solid commercial lending demand and approved new loan pipelines during the fourth quarter of 2016 could all benefit our future net interest income.  
   
  Liquidity 
    
  Bank Liquidity 
    
  Liquidity measures the ability to satisfy current and future cash flow needs as they become due. A bank s liquidity reflects its ability to meet loan demand, to accommodate possible outflows in deposits and to take advantage of  
  
   67 

interest rate opportunities in the marketplace. Liquidity management is monitored by our Asset/Liability Management Committee and the Investment Committee of the Board of Directors of Valley National Bank, which review historical funding requirements, current liquidity position, sources and stability of funding, marketability of assets, options for attracting additional funds, and anticipated future funding needs, including the level of unfunded commitments. Our goal is to maintain sufficient liquidity to cover current and potential funding requirements. 
    
  The Bank has no required regulatory liquidity ratios to maintain; however, it adheres to an internal liquidity policy. The current policy maintains that we may not have a ratio of loans to deposits in excess of   125 percent   or reliance on wholesale funding greater than   25 percent   of total funding. The Bank was in compliance with the foregoing policies at   September 30, 2016  . 
    
  On the asset side of the balance sheet, the Bank has numerous sources of liquid funds in the form of cash and due from banks, interest bearing deposits with banks (including the Federal Reserve Bank of New York), investment securities held to maturity that are maturing within   90   days or would otherwise qualify as maturities if sold (i.e.,   85 percent   of original cost basis has been repaid), investment securities available for sale, loans held for sale, and, from time to time, federal funds sold and receivables related to unsettled securities transactions. These liquid assets totaled approximately   $2.0 billion  , representing   9.9 percent   of earning assets, at   September 30, 2016   and   $2.1 billion  , representing   10.7 percent   of earning assets, at   December 31, 2015  . Of the   $2.0 billion   of liquid assets at   September 30, 2016  , approximately   $462 million   of various investment securities were pledged to counterparties to support our earning asset funding strategies. We anticipate the receipt of approximately   $436 million   in principal from securities in the total investment portfolio over the next 12 months due to normally scheduled principal repayments and expected prepayments of certain securities, primarily residential mortgage-backed securities.  
    
  Additional liquidity is derived from scheduled loan payments of principal and interest, as well as prepayments received. Loan principal payments (including loans held for sale at   September 30, 2016  ) are projected to be approximately   $4.6 billion   over the next 12 months. As a contingency plan for significant funding needs, liquidity could also be derived from the sale of conforming residential mortgages from our loan portfolio, or from the temporary curtailment of lending activities. 
    
  On the liability side of the balance sheet, we utilize multiple sources of funds to meet liquidity needs, including retail and commercial deposits, brokered and municipal deposits, and short-term and long-term borrowings. Our core deposit base, which generally excludes fully insured brokered deposits and both retail and brokered certificates of deposit over $250 thousand, represents the largest of these sources. Core deposits totaled approximately   $15.0 billion   and   $14.5 billion   at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively. The level of interest bearing deposits is affected by interest rates offered, which is often influenced by our need for funds and the need to match the maturities of assets and liabilities. 
    
  Additional funding may be provided through deposit gathering networks and in the form of federal funds purchased through our well established relationships with numerous correspondent banks. While there are no firm lending commitments currently in place, management believes that we could borrow approximately   $777 million   for a short time from these banks on a collective basis.  The Bank is also a member of the Federal Home Loan Bank of New York (FHLB) and has the ability to borrow from them in the form of FHLB Advances secured by pledges of certain eligible collateral, including but not limited to U.S. government and agency mortgage-backed securities and a blanket assignment of qualifying first lien mortgage loans, consisting of both residential mortgage and commercial real estate loans. In addition to the FHLB Advances, the Bank has pledged such assets to collateralize $250 million in municipal deposit letters of credit issued by the FHLB on Valley s behalf to secure certain public deposits at   September 30, 2016  .  Furthermore, we are able to obtain overnight borrowings from the Federal Reserve Bank via the discount window as a contingency for additional liquidity.  At   September 30, 2016  , our borrowing capacity under the Federal Reserve's discount window was   $1.0 billion  . 
    
  We also have access to other short-term and long-term borrowing sources to support our asset base, such as repos (i.e., securities sold under agreements to repurchase). Our short-term borrowings increased   $356.4 million   to   $1.4 billion   at   September 30, 2016   as compared to   December 31, 2015   due to a $582 million increase in FHLB  
  
   68 

advances, partially offset by decreases of $175.6 million and $50 million in repo balances and overnight federal funds purchased, respectively.  The overall increase in short-term borrowings was largely driven by higher levels of loan originations (including residential mortgages originated for sale), repayments of long-term borrowings, and a moderate decline in our use of time deposits in our current liquidity/funding strategies.  
   
  Corporation Liquidity 
    
  Valley s recurring cash requirements primarily consist of dividends to preferred and common shareholders and interest expense on subordinated notes and junior subordinated debentures issued to capital trusts.  As part of our on-going asset/liability management strategies, Valley could also use cash to repurchase shares of its outstanding common stock under its share repurchase program or redeem its callable junior subordinated debentures.  These cash needs are routinely satisfied by dividends collected from the Bank. Projected cash flows from the Bank are expected to be adequate to pay preferred and common dividends, if declared, and interest expense payable to subordinated note holders and capital trusts, given the current capital levels and current profitable operations of the bank subsidiary. In addition to dividends received from the Bank, Valley can satisfy its cash requirements by utilizing its own cash and potential new funds borrowed from outside sources or capital issuances.  Valley also has the right to defer interest payments on its   $41.5 million   of junior subordinated debentures, and therefore distributions on its trust preferred securities for consecutive quarterly periods up to five years, but not beyond the stated maturity dates, and subject to other conditions. 
   
  Investment Securities Portfolio 
    
  As of   September 30, 2016  , we had approximately   $1.8 billion   and   $1.3 billion   in held to maturity and available for sale investment securities, respectively. Our total investment portfolio was comprised of U.S. Treasury securities, U.S. government agencies, tax-exempt issuances of states and political subdivisions, residential mortgage-backed securities (including   12   private label mortgage-backed securities), single-issuer trust preferred securities principally issued by bank holding companies (including   2   pooled securities), high quality corporate bonds and perpetual preferred and common equity securities issued by banks at   September 30, 2016  .  There were no securities in the name of any one issuer exceeding   10   percent of shareholders  equity, except for residential mortgage-backed securities issued by Ginnie Mae, Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac.  
    
  Among other securities, our investments in the private label mortgage-backed securities, trust preferred securities, perpetual preferred securities, equity securities, and bank issued corporate bonds may pose a higher risk of future impairment charges to us as a result of the uncertain direction of the U.S. economy and its potential negative effect on the future performance of the security issuers and, if applicable, the underlying mortgage loan collateral of the security. 
   
  Other-Than-Temporary Impairment Analysis 
    
  We may be required to record impairment charges on our investment securities if they suffer a decline in value that is considered other-than-temporary. Numerous factors, including lack of liquidity for re-sales of certain investment securities, absence of reliable pricing information for investment securities, adverse changes in business climate, adverse actions by regulators, or unanticipated changes in the competitive environment could have a negative effect on our investment portfolio and may result in other-than temporary impairment on our investment securities in future periods.  See our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015, for additional information regarding our impairment analysis by security type. 
    
  The investment grades in the table below reflect the most current independent analysis performed by third parties of each security as of the date presented and not necessarily the investment grades at the date of our purchase of the securities. For many securities, the rating agencies may not have performed an independent analysis of the tranches owned by us, but rather an analysis of the entire investment pool. For this and other reasons, we believe the assigned investment grades may not accurately reflect the actual credit quality of each security and should not be viewed in isolation as a measure of the quality of our investment portfolio.  

69 

The following table presents the held to maturity and available for sale investment securities portfolios by investment grades at   September 30, 2016  . 

* 
    Rated using external rating agencies (primarily S P and Moody s). Ratings categories include the entire range. For example,  A rated  includes A+, A, and A-. Split rated securities with two ratings are categorized at the higher of the rating levels. 

The held to maturity portfolio includes   $223.2 million   in investments not rated by the rating agencies with aggregate unrealized losses of   $14.1 million   at   September 30, 2016  . The unrealized losses for this category primarily relate to   4   single-issuer bank trust preferred issuances with a combined amortized cost of   $35.9 million  .  All single-issuer trust preferred securities classified as held to maturity, including the aforementioned four securities, are paying in accordance with their terms and have no deferrals of interest or defaults. Additionally, we analyze the performance of each issuer on a quarterly basis, including a review of performance data from the issuer s most recent bank regulatory report to assess the company s credit risk and the probability of impairment of the contractual cash flows of the applicable security. Based upon our quarterly review at   September 30, 2016  , all of the issuers appear to meet the regulatory capital minimum requirements to be considered a  well-capitalized  financial institution and/or have maintained performance levels adequate to support the contractual cash flows of the security. 
    
  There was no other-than-temporary impairment recognized in earnings as a result of Valley's impairment analysis of its securities during the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016   and   2015   as the collateral supporting much of the investment securities has improved or performed as expected. 
  
   70 

Loan Portfolio 
    
  The following table reflects the composition of the loan portfolio as of the dates presented: 

Total loans   increased     $135.0 million   to approximately   $16.6 billion   at   September 30, 2016   from   June 30, 2016  . Our loan portfolio includes purchased credit-impaired (PCI) loans, which are loans acquired at a discount that is due, in part, to credit quality.  At   September 30, 2016  , our PCI loan portfolio decreased $118.3 million to   $1.9 billion   as compared to   June 30, 2016   primarily due to larger loan repayments, of which some resulted from continued efforts by management to encourage borrower prepayment. The non-PCI loan portion of the loan portfolio increased $253.3 million (net of $174.5 million in performing residential mortgage loans transferred to loans held for sale during the third quarter) to approximately $14.8 billion at   September 30, 2016   as compared to   June 30, 2016   largely due to increases in total commercial real estate loans and collateralized personal lines of credit within the other consumer loan category discussed further below. During the   third quarter of 2016  , Valley also originated   $171.9 million   of residential mortgage loans for sale rather than investment.  Loans held for sale totaled $202.4 million and $4.5 million at   September 30, 2016   and   June 30, 2016  , respectively.  See additional information regarding our residential mortgage loan activities below.    
    
  Total commercial and industrial loans   increased     $30.2 million   from   June 30, 2016   to approximately   $2.6 billion   at   September 30, 2016  , despite a $35.4 million decline in the PCI loan portion of the portfolio during the   third quarter of 2016  . Exclusive of the decline in PCI loans, the non-PCI commercial and industrial loan portfolio increased by   $65.6 million  , or approximately 11.9 percent on an annualized basis, to $2.3 billion at   September 30, 2016   from   June 30, 2016  . This growth was partially driven by new organic customer relationships originated during the third  
  
   71 

quarter of 2016. In addition to the PCI loan repayments, the level of loan growth within this portfolio continues to be challenged by strong market competition for both new and existing commercial loan borrowers within our primary markets, and relatively stable levels of line of credit usage by our customer base during 2016. 
  Commercial real estate loans (excluding construction loans)   increased     $295.1 million   from   June 30, 2016   to   $8.3 billion   at   September 30, 2016   mainly due to a $356.2 million, or 20.9 percent on an annualized basis, increase in the non-PCI loan portfolio. The increase in non-PCI loans was primarily due to solid organic loan volumes in New York and New Jersey, as well as approximately $99 million of participations in multi-family loans (mostly in New York City) purchased in September 2016. The purchased participation loans are seasoned loans with expected shorter durations. Each purchased participation loan was stress-tested by Valley under its normal underwriting criteria to further satisfy ourselves as to their credit quality. The organic loan volumes generated across a broad based segment of borrowers within the commercial real estate portfolio were partially offset by a $61.1 million decline in the acquired PCI loan portion of the portfolio.  Construction loans increased   $33.7 million   to   $802.6 million   at   September 30, 2016   from June 30, 2016.  The increase was mostly due to advances on existing construction projects. 
  Total residential mortgage loans   decreased     $229.2 million  , or approximately   30.0 percent   on an annualized basis, to approximately   $2.8 billion   at   September 30, 2016   from   June 30, 2016   mostly due to the aforementioned transfer of $174.5 million in mortgage loans to loans held for sale, as well as a large percentage of new loans originated for sale rather than investment during the third quarter of 2016. Valley sold approximately   $149.2 million   of residential mortgage loans originated for sale (including $4.5 million of loans held for sale at June 30, 2016) during the   third quarter of 2016  . New and refinanced residential mortgage loan originations totaled approximately   $258.3 million   for the   third quarter of 2016   as compared to   $177.7 million   and   $115.1 million   for the   second quarter of 2016   and   third quarter of 2015  , respectively.  Of the   $258.3 million   in total originations,   $18.1 million  , or   7.0 percent  , represented new Florida residential mortgage loans. We expect to continue to sell a large portion of our new fixed rate residential mortgage loan originations as part of our overall interest rate risk management strategies.  
  Home equity loans decreased   $8.9 million   to   $476.8 million   at   September 30, 2016   as compared to   June 30, 2016   mostly due to normal repayment activity largely within the PCI loan portion of the portfolio.  New home equity loan volumes and customer usage of existing home equity lines of credit continue to be weak, despite the relatively favorable low interest rate environment. 
  Automobile loans   decreased   by   $20.2 million   to   $1.1 billion   at   September 30, 2016   as compared to   June 30, 2016   as our new indirect auto loan volumes continued to not keep pace with the normal portfolio repayment activity in the   third quarter of 2016  . The decline in indirect auto originations during the first nine months of 2016 was largely caused by current market loan pricing and fee constraints resulting from new regulatory lending guidance.  During the third quarter of 2016, management implemented various strategies to enhance new auto volumes, including new technology to improve the decision-making process for our auto dealer network.  These enhancements and continued growth in our relatively new Florida markets led to much improved new loan volumes as compared to the linked second quarter of 2016.  While we're optimistic that this positive trend in new loan production will continue into the fourth quarter of 2016, we can provide no assurance that our auto loans will not continue to decline in future periods.   
  Other consumer loans   increased     $34.3 million  , or   27.4 percent   on an annualized basis, to   $534.2 million   at   September 30, 2016   as compared to   $499.9 million   at   June 30, 2016   mainly due to continued growth and customer usage of collateralized personal lines of credit.   
  We are cautiously optimistic that we will continue to experience overall loan growth primarily within the commercial lending segment during the fourth quarter of 2016 and the foreseeable future. Our approved organic commercial loan pipeline continued to be strong at the end of the third quarter, despite the market competition for high quality commercial credits. However, we can make no assurances that our total loans will increase, or remain at current levels in the future.   
  
   72 

Most of our lending is in northern and central New Jersey, New York City, Long Island and Florida, with the exception of smaller auto and residential mortgage loan portfolios derived from the other neighboring states of New Jersey, which could present a geographic and credit risk if there was another significant broad based economic downturn or a prolonged economic recovery within these regions. We are witnessing new loan activity across Valley's entire geographic footprint, including new loans and solid loan pipelines from our Florida lending operations. Valley s Florida Division accounted for approximately $90 million of over $1 billion in new and purchased commercial loan volume, excluding lines of credit, during the third quarter of 2016.  However, the New Jersey and New York Metropolitan markets continue to account for a disproportionately larger percentage of our lending activity. To mitigate these risks, we are making efforts to maintain a diversified portfolio as to type of borrower and loan to guard against a potential downward turn in any one economic sector.  Geographically, we intend to make further inroads into the Florida lending market, through acquisition or select de novo branch efforts. 
   
  Purchased Credit-Impaired Loans (Including Covered Loans) 
    
  PCI loans totaled   $1.9 billion   and $2.2 billion at   September 30, 2016   and December 31, 2015, respectively, mostly consisting of loans acquired in business combinations subsequent to 2011, and covered loans in which the Bank will share losses with the FDIC under loss-sharing agreements. Our covered loans, consisting primarily of residential mortgage loans and commercial real estate loans, totaled   $76.0 million   and   $122.3 million     at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively. The decrease in covered loans was largely due to the expiration of a commercial loss-sharing agreement acquired from 1st United Bancorp, Inc. effective January 1, 2016 and the reclassification of such loans to non-covered PCI loans during the first quarter of 2016.  Additional information regarding all of our loss-sharing agreements with the FDIC can be found in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015. 
    
  As required by U.S. GAAP, all of our PCI loans are accounted for under ASC Subtopic 310-30. This accounting guidance requires the PCI loans to be aggregated and accounted for as pools of loans based on common risk characteristics. A pool is accounted for as one asset with a single composite interest rate, aggregate fair value and expected cash flows. For PCI loan pools accounted for under ASC Subtopic 310-30, the difference between the contractually required payments due and the cash flows expected to be collected, considering the impact of prepayments, is referred to as the non-accretable difference. The contractually required payments due represent the total undiscounted amount of all uncollected principal and interest payments. Contractually required payments due may increase or decrease for a variety of reasons, e.g. when the contractual terms of the loan agreement are modified, when interest rates on variable rate loans change, or when principal and/or interest payments are received. The Bank estimates the undiscounted cash flows expected to be collected by incorporating several key assumptions including probability of default, loss given default, and the amount of actual prepayments after the acquisition dates. The non-accretable difference, which is neither accreted into income nor recorded on our consolidated balance sheet, reflects estimated future credit losses and uncollectable contractual interest expected to be incurred over the life of the loans. The excess of the undiscounted cash flows expected at the acquisition date over the carrying amount (fair value) of the PCI loans is referred to as the accretable yield. This amount is accreted into interest income over the remaining life of the loans, or pool of loans, using the level yield method. The accretable yield is affected by changes in interest rate indices for variable rate loans, changes in prepayment assumptions, and changes in expected principal and interest payments over the estimated lives of the loans. Prepayments affect the estimated life of PCI loans and could change the amount of interest income, and possibly principal, expected to be collected. Reclassifications of the non-accretable difference to the accretable yield may occur subsequent to the loan acquisition dates due to increases in expected cash flows of the loan pools. 
    
  At both acquisition and subsequent quarterly reporting dates, we use a third party service provider to assist with validation of our assessment of the contractual and estimated cash flows. Valley provides the third party with updated loan-level information derived from Valley s main operating system, contractually required loan payments and expected cash flows for each loan pool individually reviewed by us. Using this information, the third party provider determines both the contractual cash flows and cash flows expected to be collected. The loan-level information used to reforecast the cash flows was subsequently aggregated on a pool basis. The expected payment data, discount rates, impairment data and changes to the accretable yield received back from the third party were  
  
   73 

reviewed by Valley to determine whether this information is accurate and the resulting financial statement effects are reasonable.  
    
  Similar to contractual cash flows, we reevaluate expected cash flows on a quarterly basis. Unlike contractual cash flows which are determined based on known factors, significant management assumptions are necessary in forecasting the estimated cash flows. We attempt to ensure the forecasted expectations are reasonable based on the information currently available; however, due to the uncertainties inherent in the use of estimates, actual cash flow results may differ from our forecast and the differences may be significant. To mitigate such differences, we carefully prepare and review the assumptions utilized in forecasting estimated cash flows. 
    
  On a quarterly basis, Valley analyzes the actual cash flow versus the forecasts at the loan pool level and variances are reviewed to determine their cause. In re-forecasting future estimated cash flow, Valley will adjust the credit loss expectations for loan pools, as necessary. These adjustments are based, in part, on actual loss severities recognized for each loan type, as well as changes in the probability of default. For periods in which Valley does not reforecast estimated cash flows, the prior reporting period s estimated cash flows are adjusted to reflect the actual cash received and credit events which transpired during the current reporting period.  
    
  The following tables summarize the changes in the carrying amounts of PCI loans (net of the allowance for loan losses, if applicable), and the accretable yield on these loans for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  .    

PCI loans in the table above at   September 30, 2015   are presented net of the allocation of the allowance for loan losses totaling $200 thousand. This allowance allocation was established due to a decrease in the expected cash flows for certain pools of covered loans based on higher levels of credit impairment than originally forecasted by us at the acquisition dates. There was no allowance allocation for PCI loan losses at   September 30, 2016  .  
  Although we recognized additional credit impairment for certain covered pools prior to 2012, and excluding PCI loans recently acquired from CNL in December of 2015, on an aggregate basis the acquired pools of loans are performing better than originally expected at the acquisition dates. Based on our current estimates, we expect to receive more future cash flows than originally modeled at the acquisition dates. For the pools with better than  
  
   74 

expected cash flows, the forecasted increase is recorded as a prospective adjustment to our interest income on these loan pools over future periods. The decrease in the FDIC loss-share receivable due to the increase in expected cash flows for covered loan pools is recognized on a prospective basis over the shorter period of the lives of the loan pools and the loss-share agreements accordingly with a corresponding reduction in non-interest income for the period. See section below for further details regarding the FDIC loss-share receivable. Conversely, an increase or decrease in expected future cash flows of covered loans since the acquisition dates will increase or decrease (if applicable) the clawback liability (the amount the FDIC requires us to pay back if certain thresholds are met) accordingly.  
  FDIC Loss-Share Receivable Related to Covered Loans and Foreclosed Assets 
    
  The receivable arising from the loss-sharing agreements with the FDIC is measured separately from the covered loan portfolio because the agreements are not contractually part of the covered loans and are not transferable should the Bank choose to dispose of the covered loans. The FDIC loss share receivable (which is included in other assets on Valley's consolidated statements of financial condition) totaled   $7.7 million   and   $8.3 million   at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively. The aggregate effect of changes in the FDIC loss-share receivable was a net reduction in non-interest income of   $313 thousand   and   $55 thousand   for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   and 2015, respectively, and   $872 thousand   and   $3.4 million   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   and 2015, respectively.  The larger net reduction during the nine months ended   September 30, 2015   was mainly caused by the prospective recognition of the effect of additional cash flows from certain loan pools which were covered by commercial loan loss-sharing agreements that expired in March 2015. 
   
  Non-performing Assets 
  Non-performing assets (excluding PCI loans) include non-accrual loans, other real estate owned (OREO), other repossessed assets (consisting of automobiles) and non-accrual debt securities at   September 30, 2016  .  Loans are generally placed on non-accrual status when they become past due in excess of 90 days as to payment of principal or interest.  Exceptions to the non-accrual policy may be permitted if the loan is sufficiently collateralized and in the process of collection.  OREO is acquired through foreclosure on loans secured by land or real estate. OREO and other repossessed assets are reported at the lower of cost or fair value, less cost to sell at the time of acquisition and at the lower of fair value, less estimated costs to sell, or cost thereafter.  The level of non-performing assets has decreased   33.3 percent   over the last 12 month period to   $51.0 million   at   September 30, 2016   mostly due to strong collections within non-accrual loan category over the last six months and a steady decline in OREO balances since September 30, 2015. As a result, non-performing assets as a percentage of total loans and non-performing assets declined to 0.31 percent at   September 30, 2016   as compared to 0.37 percent at June 30, 2016 (as shown in the table below).  Past due loans and non-accrual loans in the table below exclude PCI loans. Under U.S. GAAP, the PCI loans (acquired at a discount that is due, in part, to credit quality) are accounted for on a pool basis and are not subject to delinquency classification in the same manner as loans originated by Valley.  For details regarding performing and non-performing PCI loans, see the "Credit quality indicators" section in Note 8 to the consolidated financial statements.    

75 

The following table sets forth by loan category accruing past due and non-performing assets on the dates indicated in conjunction with our asset quality ratios:    

76 

(1) 
    Past due loans and non-accrual loans exclude PCI loans that are accounted for on a pool basis. 
         
  Loans past due 30 to 59 days   increased     $3.8 million   to   $26.8 million   at   September 30, 2016   as compared to   June 30, 2016   largely due to a   $4.3 million   increase in commercial real estate loans. Commercial real estate loans   increased   mainly due to two new loan relationships totaling $7.4 million (including a $2.3 million potential problem loan), partially offset by the migration of a $3.8 million potential problem loan into the loans past due 60 to 89 days category at   September 30, 2016  . 
    
  Loans past due 60 to 89 days   decreased     $472 thousand   to   $9.0 million   at   September 30, 2016   as compared to   June 30, 2016  . Within the category, commercial and industrial loans   decreased     $4.9 million   to $  788 thousand   at   September 30, 2016   from   $5.7 million   at   June 30, 2016  .  The decrease was mostly due to one loan relationship collateralized by Chicago taxi cab medallions totaling $5.2 million that was partially charged off by $3.7 million during the third quarter, and the adjusted aggregate carrying value of $1.5 million reclassified to non-accrual loans at   September 30, 2016   (See further discussion below).  The commercial real estate loan category increased   $3.5 million   at   September 30, 2016   as compared to   June 30, 2016   mostly due to the aforementioned potential problem loan totaling $3.8 million that mitigated from loans past due 30 to 59 days reported at   June 30, 2016  . 
    
  Loans past due 90 days or more and still accruing   increased     $2.5 million   to   $3.3 million   at   September 30, 2016   compared to   $802 thousand   at   June 30, 2016  . The increase in this delinquency category was mostly due to $1.9 million and $347 thousand of matured performing construction and commercial real estate loans, respectively. These loans were in the normal process of renewal at   September 30, 2016  . All of the loans past due 90 days or more and still accruing are considered to be well secured and in the process of collection. 
    
  Non-accrual loans   decreased     $9.4 million   to   $38.4 million   at   September 30, 2016   as compared to   $47.9 million   at   June 30, 2016   largely due to several full repayments of impaired commercial real estate and construction loans and one commercial real estate loan totaling $3.4 million transferred to OREO during the   third quarter of 2016  .  As previously noted above, our non-accrual commercial and industrial loans included $1.5 million of loans collateralized by Chicago taxi medallions at September 30, 2016.  This impaired loan relationship is the only past due relationship in our entire taxi medallion loan portfolio totaling $152.0 million (including $19.2 million of contractual outstanding balances within our PCI loan portfolio). Of the $152.0 million taxi medallion loan portfolio, $141.0 million and $11.0 million represent New York City and Chicago taxi medallion loans, respectively. Valley's historical taxi medallion lending criteria has been conservative in regards to capping the loan amounts in relation to market valuations, as well as obtaining personal guarantees and other collateral whenever possible. We will continue to closely monitor this portfolio's performance and the potential impact of the changes in market valuations for taxi medallions due to relatively new competing services.  
    
  OREO properties   decreased     $646 thousand   to   $10.3 million   at   September 30, 2016   from   $10.9 million   at   June 30, 2016  . During the quarter ended   September 30, 2016  , we sold the aforementioned $3.4 million commercial real estate loan transferred to OREO from non-accrual loans for an immaterial gain.  Our residential mortgage loan foreclosure activity remains low due to the nominal amount of individual loan delinquencies within the residential mortgage and home equity portfolios and the average time to complete a foreclosure in the State of New Jersey, which currently exceeds two and a half years. The residential mortgage and consumer loans secured by residential real estate properties for which formal foreclosure proceedings are in-process totaled   $7.7 million   at   September 30, 2016  . We believe this lengthy legal process negatively impacts the level of our non-accrual loans and NPAs, and the ability to compare our NPA levels to similar banks located outside of our primary markets as of   September 30, 2016  . 
  
   77 

Troubled debt restructured loans (TDRs) represent loan modifications for customers experiencing financial difficulties where a concession has been granted. Performing TDRs (i.e., TDRs not reported as loans 90 days or more past due and still accruing or as non-accrual loans) totaled   $81.1 million   at   September 30, 2016   and consisted of 95 loans (primarily in the commercial and industrial loan and commercial real estate portfolios). On an aggregate basis, the   $81.1 million   in performing TDRs at   September 30, 2016   had a modified weighted average interest rate of approximately 4.74 percent as compared to a pre-modification weighted average interest rate of 4.99 percent. 
   
  Allowance for Credit Losses 
  The allowance for credit losses includes the allowance for loan losses and the reserve for unfunded commercial letters of credit. Management maintains the allowance for credit losses at a level estimated to absorb probable losses inherent in the loan portfolio and unfunded letter of credit commitments at the balance sheet dates, based on ongoing evaluations of the loan portfolio. Our methodology for evaluating the appropriateness of the allowance for loan losses includes: 
             
    segmentation of the loan portfolio based on the major loan categories, which consist of commercial, commercial real estate (including construction), residential mortgage, and other consumer loans (including automobile and home equity loans); 
                
    tracking the historical levels of classified loans and delinquencies; 
                
    assessing the nature and trend of loan charge-offs; 
                
    providing specific reserves on impaired loans; and  
                
    evaluating the PCI loan pools for additional credit impairment subsequent to the acquisition dates. 
     Additionally, the qualitative factors, such as the volume of non-performing loans, concentration risks by size, type, and geography, new markets, collateral adequacy, credit policies and procedures, staffing, underwriting consistency, loan review and economic conditions are taken into consideration when evaluating the adequacy of the allowance for credit losses.  The allowance for credit loss methodology and accounting policy are fully described in Part II, Item 7 and Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements in Valley s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015  . 
    
  While management utilizes its best judgment and information available, the ultimate adequacy of the allowance for credit losses is dependent upon a variety of factors largely beyond our control, including the view of the OCC toward loan classifications, performance of the loan portfolio, and the economy. The OCC may require, based on their judgments about information available to them at the time of their examination, that certain loan balances be charged off or require that adjustments be made to the allowance for loan losses when their credit evaluations differ from those of management 
  
   78 

The table below summarizes the relationship among loans, loans charged-off, loan recoveries, the provision for credit losses and the allowance for credit losses for the periods indicated.   

During the   third quarter of 2016  , we recognized net loan charge-offs of   $3.3 million   as compared to net recoveries of charge-offs totaling   $1.3 million   and   $1.7 million   for the   second quarter of 2016   and the   third quarter of 2015  , respectively. The quarter over quarter increase in net loan charge-offs was largely due to the $3.7 million partial charge-off related to a Chicago taxi medallion relationship within the commercial and industrial loan portfolio. 

79 

During the   third quarter of 2016  , we recorded a   $5.8 million   provision for credit losses as compared to a provision of   $1.4 million   and   $94 thousand   for the   second quarter of 2016   and   third quarter of 2015  , respectively. The increase in the provision from the linked   second quarter of 2016   was mostly due to longer estimated loss emergence periods for most of our commercial loan portfolios based upon our updated annual loss emergence study performed at   September 30, 2016  , as well as a moderate increase in allocated reserves for internally classified loans. The loss emergence period (LEP) assumption represents the estimated average amount of time from the point at which a loss is incurred to the point at which a loss is confirmed, typically by a charge-off.  A longer LEP assumption will increase the level of the allowance for loan losses, and conversely, a shorter LEP will reduce the level of such reserves.  
  The following table summarizes the allocation of the allowance for credit losses to specific loan portfolio categories and the allocations as a percentage of each loan category: 

* 
    Includes the reserve for unfunded letters of credit. 

The allowance for credit losses comprised of our allowance for loan losses and reserve for unfunded letters of credit, as a percentage of total loans was   0.68 percent   at   September 30, 2016   and   0.67 percent   at   June 30, 2016  , as compared to   0.71 percent   of total loans at   September 30, 2015  . At   September 30, 2016  , our allowance allocations for losses as a percentage of total loans remained relatively stable in several loan categories as compared to   June 30, 2016  , but increased for commercial and industrial loans due, in part, to the aforementioned increase in the loss emergence period and a higher level of net loan charge-offs and internally classified loans (including taxi medallion loans) at   September 30, 2016  .  The overall mix of these items, significant loan growth in the commercial real estate and other consumer loan categories of the portfolio, assumptions based on the current economic environment, as well as other qualitative factors impacted our estimate of the allowance for credit losses at   September 30, 2016  .    
    
  During the fourth quarter of 2015, Valley refined and enhanced its assessment of the adequacy of the allowance for loan losses by extending the loss look-back period on the majority of its loan portfolios from three years to four years in order to capture more of the current economic cycle as it continued throughout 2015. Valley also enhanced its qualitative factor framework to capture the risks of several factors, including, but not limited to, the impact of changes in capitalization rates on collateral values, concentrations of certain loan types, including multi-family and exculpated loans, the volume of loans purchased from and serviced by third parties, as well as the rate of growth in Valley's real estate portfolios.  These enhancements are meant to increase the level of precision in the allowance for credit losses.  As a result, Valley no longer has an  unallocated  segment in its allowance for credit losses, as the risks and  
  
   80 

uncertainties meant to be captured by the unallocated allowance have been included in the qualitative framework for the respective portfolios at   September 30, 2016   and   June 30, 2016  . As such, the unallocated allowance has in essence been reallocated to the certain portfolios based on the risks and uncertainties it was meant to capture.  
  Our allowance for credit losses as a percentage of total non-PCI loans (excluding PCI loans with carrying values totaling approximately   $1.9 billion  ) was   0.76 percent   at both   September 30, 2016   and   June 30, 2016  , as compared to   0.79 percent   at   September 30, 2015  .  PCI loans, including all of the loans acquired from CNL during the fourth quarter of 2015, are accounted for on a pool basis and initially recorded net of fair valuation discounts related to credit which may be used to absorb future losses on such loans before any allowance for loan losses is recognized subsequent to acquisition.  Due to the adequacy of such discounts, there were no allowance reserves related to PCI loans at   September 30, 2016  . 
   
  Capital Adequacy 
    
  A significant measure of the strength of a financial institution is its shareholders  equity. Our shareholders  equity totaled approximately   $2.3 billion   and represented approximately   10 percent   of total assets at both   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  . During the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , total shareholders  equity increased   $50.0 million  , which was comprised of (i) net income of   $118.1 million  , (ii) a decrease in our accumulated other comprehensive loss of   $11.4 million  , (iii) net proceeds of   $4.2 million   from the re-issuance of treasury and authorized common shares issued under our dividend reinvestment plan totaling a combined   445 thousand   shares, and (iv) an increase of   $5.8 million   attributable to the effect of our stock incentive plan, partially offset by (v) cash dividends declared on common and preferred stock totaling   $84.1 million   and   $5.4 million  , respectively. See Note 4 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding changes in our accumulated other comprehensive loss during the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  . 
  Valley and Valley National Bank are subject to the regulatory capital requirements administered by the Federal Reserve Bank and the OCC. Quantitative measures established by regulation to ensure capital adequacy require Valley and Valley National Bank to maintain minimum amounts and ratios of common equity Tier 1 capital, total and Tier 1 capital to risk-weighted assets, and Tier 1 capital to average assets, as defined in the regulations. 
    
  Effective January 1, 2015, Valley implemented the Basel III regulatory capital framework and related Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act ( Dodd-Frank Act ). Basel III final rules require a new common equity Tier 1 capital to risk-weighted assets ratio of   4.5 percent  , Tier 1 capital to risk-weighted assets of   6.0 percent  , ratio of total capital to risk-weighted assets of   8.0 percent  , and minimum leverage ratio of   4.0 percent  . The new rule changes included the implementation of a new capital conservation buffer that is added to the minimum requirements for capital adequacy purposes.  The capital conservation buffer is subject to a three year phase-in period that started on January 1, 2016, at   0.625 percent   of risk-weighted assets and increases each subsequent year by   0.625 percent   until reaching its final level of   2.5 percent   when fully phased-in on January 1, 2019.  As of   September 30, 2016  , and   December 31, 2015  , Valley and Valley National Bank exceeded all capital adequacy requirements with the capital conservation buffer under the Basel III Capital Rules (see tables below). 

81 

The following tables present Valley s and Valley National Bank s actual capital positions and ratios under Basel III risk-based capital guidelines at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  : 

The Dodd-Frank Act requires federal banking agencies to issue regulations that require banks with total consolidated assets of more than $10.0 billion to conduct and publish company-run annual stress tests to assess the potential impact of different scenarios on the consolidated earnings and capital of each bank and certain related items over a nine-quarter forward-looking planning horizon, taking into account all relevant exposures and activities.  On October 9, 2012, the FRB published final rules implementing the stress testing requirements for banks with total consolidated assets of more than $10.0 billion but less than $50.0 billion.  These rules set forth the timing and type of stress test activities, as well as rules governing controls, oversight and disclosure.     

82 

In March 2014, the FRB, OCC, and FDIC issued final supervisory guidance for these stress tests. This joint final supervisory guidance discusses supervisory expectations for stress test practices, provides examples of practices that would be consistent with those expectations, and offers additional details about stress test methodologies. It also emphasizes the importance of stress testing as an ongoing risk management practice. 
    
  On July 28, 2016, we submitted our latest stress testing results, utilizing data as of December 31, 2015, to the FRB.  The full disclosure of the stress testing results, including the results for Valley National Bank, a summary of the supervisory severely adverse scenario and additional information regarding the methodologies used to conduct the stress test may be found on the Shareholder Relations section of our website (www.valleynationalbank.com) under the Dodd-Frank Act Stress Test Reports section.       
    
  Tangible book value per common share is computed by dividing shareholders  equity less preferred stock, goodwill and other intangible assets by common shares outstanding as follows:  

Management believes the tangible book value per common share ratio provides information useful to management and investors in understanding our underlying operational performance, our business and performance trends and facilitates comparisons with the performance of others in the financial services industry. This non-GAAP financial measure should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for or superior to financial measures calculated in accordance with U.S. GAAP. This non-GAAP financial measure may also be calculated differently from similar measures disclosed by other companies. 
  Typically, our primary source of capital growth is through retention of earnings. Our rate of earnings retention is derived by dividing undistributed earnings per common share by earnings (or net income available to common stockholders) per common share. Our retention ratio was   25.0 percent   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   as compared to zero for the year ended December 31, 2015. Our rate of earnings retention increased during the nine months of 2016 as compared to the full year of 2015, which was negatively impacted by $51.1 million in pre-tax debt prepayment penalties recognized during the fourth quarter of 2015, and, to a much lesser extent, merger costs from the acquisition of CNL in December 2015.  We expect our future retention rate to improve due to, among other factors, synergies realized from the integration of CNL's back office operations completed in February 2016 and the related CNL staffing reductions effective April 1, 2016, as well as our current branch efficiency and cost reduction plans discussed elsewhere in this MD A.  
  Cash dividends declared amounted to   $0.33     per common share for both the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015  .  The Board is committed to examining and weighing relevant facts and considerations, including its commitment to shareholder value, each time it makes a cash dividend decision in this economic environment. The Federal Reserve has cautioned all bank holding companies about distributing dividends which may reduce the level of capital or not allow capital to grow in light of the increased capital levels as required under the Basel III rules.  Prior to the date of this filing, Valley has received no objection or adverse guidance from the FRB or the OCC regarding the current level of its quarterly common stock dividend.    
  
   83 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements, Contractual Obligations and Other Matters 
    
  For a discussion of Valley s off-balance sheet arrangements and contractual obligations see information included in Valley s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015   in the MD A section - Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements  and Notes 12 and 13 to the consolidated financial statements included in this report. 
   
                 Item 3. 
    Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 

Market risk refers to potential losses arising from changes in interest rates, foreign exchange rates, equity prices, and commodity prices. Valley s market risk is composed primarily of interest rate risk. See page 67 for a discussion of interest rate sensitivity. 

Item 4. 
    Controls and Procedures 

Valley s Chief Executive Officer (CEO) and Chief Financial Officer (CFO), with the assistance of other members of Valley s management, have evaluated the effectiveness of Valley s disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) or Rule 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) as of the end of the period covered by this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. Based on such evaluation, Valley s CEO and CFO have concluded that Valley s disclosure controls and procedures are effective as of the end of the period covered by this report. 
  Valley s CEO and CFO have also concluded that there have not been any changes in Valley s internal control over financial reporting during the quarter ended   September 30, 2016   that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, Valley s internal control over financial reporting. 
  Valley s management, including the CEO and CFO, does not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures or our internal controls will prevent all error and all fraud. A control system, no matter how well conceived and operated, provides reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. The design of a control system reflects resource constraints and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Because there are inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within Valley have been or will be detected. 
  These inherent limitations include the realities that judgments in decision-making can be faulty and that breakdowns occur because of simple error or mistake. Controls can be circumvented by the individual acts of some persons, by collusion of two or more people, or by management override of the control. The design of any system of controls is based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events. There can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all future conditions. Over time, controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions or deterioration in the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures. Because of the inherent limitations in a cost-effective control system, misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected. 
  
   84 

PART II - OTHER INFORMATION    
   
                 Item 1. 
    Legal Proceedings 

In the normal course of business, we may be a party to various outstanding legal proceedings and claims. There have been no material changes in the legal proceedings previously disclosed under Part I, Item 3 of Valley s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015. 

Item 1A. 
    Risk Factors 

There has been no material change in the risk factors previously disclosed under Part I, Item 1A of Valley s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015. 

Item 2. 
    Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 

During the quarter, we did not sell any equity securities not registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. Purchases of equity securities by the issuer and affiliated purchasers during the   three months ended September 30, 2016   were as follows: 
    
  ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES    

(1) 
    Represents repurchases made in connection with the vesting of employee restricted stock awards. 
              (2) 
    On January 17, 2007, Valley publicly announced its intention to repurchase up to 4.7 million outstanding common shares in the open market or in privately negotiated transactions. The repurchase plan has no stated expiration date. No repurchase plans or programs expired or terminated during the   three months ended September 30, 2016  . 

85 

Item 6. 
    Exhibits 

(3) 
    Articles of Incorporation and By-laws: 
        
    (3.1) 
    Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Registrant, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.A of the Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on February 29, 2016. 
        
    (3.2) 
    Certificate of Designations relating to the 6.25% Fixed-to-Floating Rate Non-Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock, Series A, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Registrant s Form 8-K filed on June 19, 2015. 
        
    (3.3) 
    By-laws of the Registrant, as amended, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Registrant's Form 8-K filed on October 28, 2016. 

(10) 
    Material Contracts 

(10.1) 
    Amendment to the Employment Agreement between Valley, Valley National Bank and for Rudy Schupp, dated September 23, 2016.+* 
        
    (10.2) 
    Severance Letter Agreement, dated as of September 21, 2016, between Valley National Bank, Valley National Bancorp and Ira Robbins, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Registrant's Form 8-K filed on September 27, 2016.+ 
        
    (10.3) 
    Amended and Restated Change in Control Agreement among Valley National Bank, Valley National Bancorp and Ira Robbins, dated as of September 21, 2016, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Registrant's Form 8-K filed on September 27, 2016.+ 
        
    (10.4) 
    Severance Letter Agreement, dated as of September 21, 2016, between Valley National Bank, Valley National Bancorp and Thomas A. Iadanza, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.3 of the Registrant's Form 8-K filed on September 27, 2016.+ 
        
    (10.5) 
    Amended and Restated Change in Control Agreement among Valley National Bank, Valley National Bancorp and Thomas A. Iadanza, dated as of September 21, 2016, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.4 of the Registrant's Form 8-K filed on September 27, 2016.+ 

(31.1) 
      
    Certification pursuant to Securities Exchange Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) signed by Gerald H. Lipkin, Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company.* 

(31.2) 
      
    Certification pursuant to Securities Exchange Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) signed by Alan D. Eskow, Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of the Company.* 

(32) 
      
    Certification pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, signed by Gerald H. Lipkin, Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, and Alan D. Eskow, Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of the Company.* 

(101) 
      
    Interactive Data File * 

* 
    Filed herewith. 

+ 
    Management contract and compensatory plan or agreement. 

86 

SIGNATURES 
  Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

VALLEY NATIONAL BANCORP 

(Registrant) 

Date:  

/s/ Gerald H. Lipkin 
      November 8, 2016 

Gerald H. Lipkin 

Chairman of the Board, President 

and Chief Executive Officer 

Date:  

/s/ Alan D. Eskow 
      November 8, 2016 

Alan D. Eskow 

Senior Executive Vice President and 

Chief Financial Officer 

87 

<EX-10.1>
 2
 exhibit101rudyschupp.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.1

Exhibit 

EXHIBIT 10.1 
  Amendment to Employment Agreement 
  This Amendment (   Amendment   )      is made and entered into as of September 23, 2016 by and among Rudy Schupp (the "  Executive  "), Valley National Bancorp, a New Jersey corporation (the    Corporation   ) and Valley National Bank, a national banking association (the "  Bank  ") and amends (i) the Employment Agreement entered into by the parties hereto on May 7, 2014 (the "  Employment Agreement  ") and the Change in Control Agreement entered into by the parties hereto on November 18, 2014 (the    Change in Control Agreement   ). 
  WHEREAS  , the Corporation and the Bank desire to amend the Employment Agreement to eliminate the change in control severance benefits provided under the Employment Agreement because the Change in Control Agreement provides more generous change in control severance benefits; and 
  WHEREAS  , the Corporation and the Bank desire to amend the Change in Control Agreement to eliminate the life insurance and health insurance benefits provided under the Change in Control Agreement because those benefits are provided under the Employment Agreement; and 
  WHEREAS  , the Executive, the Bank and the Corporation desire to eliminate the duplication; 
  NOW, THEREFORE  , in consideration of the mutual promises provided in the various agreements, the parties hereto agree as follows: 
           1. 
    Elimination of Change in Control Severance in the Agreement.    The following sentence is deleted from Section 5.2 of the Agreement: 
      In the event the Executive s employment is terminated by the Executive for Good Reason or by the Bank without Cause on or within one (1) year following a change in control of the Corporation or the Bank (as defined under Code Section 409A), the Executive shall instead be entitled to receive, within sixty (60) days of such termination, a lump sum payment equal to the greater of: (i) twenty-four (24) months of his normal Base Salary Payments; or (ii) his normal Base Salary Payments that Executive would have earned had he remained employed until the end of the Employment Term.  
           2. 
    Severance Benefit in the Event of A Change in Control.      In the event of a Change in Control, as defined in the Change in Control Agreement, (i) Executive shall not be entitled to any severance benefits under Section 5.2 of the Employment Agreement if he is entitled to the severance benefits under Section 9(a) of the Change in Control Agreement, but (ii) Executive shall continue to be entitled to all the other benefits under the Employment Agreement including without limitation Section 5.7 (Health and Dental) and Section 5.8 (Life Insurance). 
              3. 
    Elimination of Health and Life Insurance Benefits Under the Change in Control Agreement.    Sections 9(b) and 9(c) are deleted from the Change in Control Agreement.  
              4. 
    Other Terms and Conditions  .  Except as set forth herein, all of the terms and conditions and covenants of both the Employment Agreement and the Change in Control Agreement continue in full force and effect. 
     IN WITNESS WHEREOF  , the parties hereto have executed this Amendment as of the date first above written. 
  VALLEY NATIONAL BANCORP 

By:   /s/  Gerald H. Lipkin__ ________ 
  Gerald H. Lipkin  
  Chairman, President and CEO 
    
  VALLEY NATIONAL BANK 

By:   /s/  Gerald H. Lipkin__________ 
  Gerald H. Lipkin    
  Chairman, President and CEO 
    
  EXECUTIVE: 
    
  By:   /s/  Rudy Schupp      __________ 
  Rudy Schupp 

</EX-10.1>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 vly-9302016ex311.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 

EXHIBIT (31.1) 
  CERTIFICATION 
  I, Gerald H. Lipkin, certify that: 
           1. 
    I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Valley National Bancorp; 
       
           2. 
    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
       
           3. 
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
       
           4. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
       
           a) 
    Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
              b) 
    Designed such internal control over financial reporting or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
              c) 
    Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
              d) 
    Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
              5. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
       
           a) 
    All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
       
           b) 
    Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:   November 8, 2016 

/s/ Gerald H. Lipkin 
      Gerald H. Lipkin 
      Chairman of the Board, President and 
  Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 vly-9302016ex312.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 

EXHIBIT (31.2) 
  I, Alan D. Eskow, certify that: 
    
           1. 
    I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Valley National Bancorp; 
              2.  
    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
              3. 
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
              4. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
              a) 
    Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
              b) 
    Designed such internal control over financial reporting or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
              c) 
    Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
              d) 
    Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
       
           5. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
              a) 
    All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
              b) 
    Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:    November 8, 2016 

/s/ Alan D. Eskow 
      Alan D. Eskow 
      Senior Executive Vice President and 
  Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32>
 5
 vly-9302016ex32.htm
 EXHIBIT 32

Exhibit 

EXHIBIT (32) 
  CERTIFICATION OF CEO AND CFO PURSUANT TO 
  18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
  In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Valley National Bancorp (the  Company ) for the period ended September 30, 2016 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), Gerald H. Lipkin, as Chief Executive Officer of the Company, and Alan D. Eskow, as Chief Financial Officer of the Company, each hereby certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. (section) 1350, as adopted pursuant to (section) 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of his knowledge: 
  (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 
  (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

/s/ Gerald H. Lipkin 
      Gerald H. Lipkin 
      Chairman of the Board, President and 
  Chief Executive Officer 
      November 8, 2016 

/s/ Alan D. Eskow 
      Alan D. Eskow 
      Senior Executive Vice President and 
      Chief Financial Officer 
      November 8, 2016 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 vly-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 vly-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 vly-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 vly-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 vly-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 vly-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

