<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161104_10-Q_edgar_data_934473_0001571049-16-019473_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>2625668</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>98542</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>186779</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>477496</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1139124</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>673404</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>53</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001571049-16-019473.hdr.sgml : 20161104
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161104114128
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001571049-16-019473
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		47
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161104
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161104

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			GENVEC INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000934473
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PHARMACEUTICAL PREPARATIONS [2834]
		IRS NUMBER:				232705690
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-24469
		FILM NUMBER:		161974175

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		910 CLOPPER ROAD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 220N
		CITY:			GAITHERSBURG
		STATE:			MD
		ZIP:			20878
		BUSINESS PHONE:		2406320740

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		910 CLOPPER ROAD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 220N
		CITY:			GAITHERSBURG
		STATE:			MD
		ZIP:			20878

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001571049-16-019473.txt : 20161104

10-Q
 1
 t1600685_10q.htm
 FORM 10-Q

UNITED
STATES  

  SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION  

  Washington,
D.C. 20549  

FORM 10-Q   

(Mark One) 

For the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016 

or 

For the transition period from      
to       

GenVec,
    Inc.    
 
      (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)   

Delaware   
       
       23-2705690    
 
      (State or other jurisdiction of  
       
      (IRS Employer Identification   
 
      incorporation or organization)  
       
      Number)   

(Former name, former address and former fiscal year, if changed since last report.)   

Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant (1) has filed
all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or
for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements
for the past 90 days. 

  Yes
  x        No

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted
and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter
period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes  x    No     

Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a large accelerated
filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated
filer ,  accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check
one):  

Large accelerated filer      
      Accelerated filer       

Non-accelerated filer      
      Smaller reporting company   x   

(do not check if a smaller reporting company)   

Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a shell company
(as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). 

  Yes
           No
  x  

As of October 31, 2016, the Registrant had 22,736,316 shares
of common stock, $.001 par value, outstanding. 

GENVEC, INC.  

  FORM 10-Q  

TABLE OF CONTENTS  

PART I.     
         FINANCIAL INFORMATION     
     3  
 
       Item 1.   
       Financial Statements    
     3  

Condensed Balance Sheets   
     3  

Condensed Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss   
     4  

Condensed Statements of Cash Flows   
     5  

Notes to Condensed Financial Statements   
     6  
 
       Item 2.   
       Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations   
     20  
 
       Item 3.   
       Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk   
     27  
 
       Item 4.   
       Controls and Procedures   
     27  

PART II.     
         OTHER INFORMATION     
     28  
 
       Item 1.   
       Legal Proceedings   
     28  
 
       Item 1A.   
       Risk Factors   
     28  
 
       Item 2.   
       Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds   
     28  
 
       Item 3.   
       Defaults Upon Senior Securities   
     28  
 
       Item 4.   
       Mine Safety Disclosures   
     28  
 
       Item 5.   
       Other Information   
     28  
 
       Item 6.   
       Exhibits   
     29  

SIGNATURES    
     30  

PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION  

ITEM 1. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

GENVEC, INC.  

  CONDENSED BALANCE SHEETS  

  (in thousands, except per share data)  

See accompanying notes to unaudited condensed financial statements. 

GENVEC, INC.  

  CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS AND
COMPREHENSIVE LOSS  

 (in thousands, except per share data) 

 (Unaudited) 

See accompanying notes to unaudited condensed financial statements. 

GENVEC, INC.  

  CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS  

  (in thousands)  

  (Unaudited)  

See accompanying notes to unaudited condensed financial statements. 

GENVEC, INC.  

  NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

  FOR THE THREE AND NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER
30, 2016 AND 2015  

  (Unaudited)  

Basis of Presentation  

The (a) condensed balance sheet as of December
31, 2015, which has been derived from audited financial statements, and (b) unaudited interim condensed financial statements included
herein have been prepared by GenVec, Inc. (GenVec, we, our, or the Company) without audit pursuant to the rules and regulations
of the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). Certain information and note disclosures normally included in financial statements
prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States have been condensed or omitted pursuant
to such rules and regulations. We believe the disclosures are adequate to make the information presented not misleading. The condensed
financial statements included herein should be read in conjunction with the financial statements and the notes thereto included
in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015 filed with the SEC. 

In the opinion of management, the accompanying
financial statements contain all adjustments (consisting of only normal recurring accruals) necessary to present fairly the financial
position of the Company as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 and the results of its operations for the three-month and
nine-month periods ended September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015, and cash flows for the nine-month periods ended September 30,
2016 and September 30, 2015. The results of operations for any interim period are not necessarily indicative of the results of
operations for any other interim period or for a full fiscal year. 

Business  

GenVec is a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical
company with an entrepreneurial focus on leveraging its proprietary AdenoVerse  gene delivery platform to develop a pipeline
of cutting-edge therapeutics and vaccines. The Company is a pioneer in the design, testing and manufacture of adenoviral-based
product candidates that can deliver on the promise of gene-based medicine. GenVec s lead product candidate, CGF166, is licensed
to Novartis Institutes for BioMedical Research, Inc. (together with Novartis AG and its subsidiary corporations, including Novartis
Pharma AG, Novartis) and is currently in a Phase 1/2 clinical study for the treatment of hearing loss and balance disorders. In
addition to our internal and partnered pipeline, we also focus on opportunities to license our proprietary technology platform,
including vectors and production cell lines, to potential collaborators in the biopharmaceutical industry for the development and
manufacture of therapeutics and vaccines. 

A key component of our strategy is to
develop and commercialize our product candidates through collaborations. GenVec is working with prominent companies and organizations
such as Novartis, Merial Inc., formerly Merial Limited (Merial), and the U.S. government, as well as promising young
companies such as TheraBiologics, to support a portfolio of programs that addresses the prevention and treatment of a number of
significant human and animal health concerns. GenVec s combination of internal and partnered development programs address
therapeutic areas such as hearing loss and balance disorders and oncology, as well as vaccines against infectious diseases, including
respiratory syncytial virus (RSV), herpes simplex virus (HSV), and malaria. In the area of animal health, we are developing vaccines
against foot-and-mouth disease (FMD). 

Our AdenoVerse gene delivery technology
has the important advantage of localizing protein delivery in the body. This is accomplished by using our adenovector platform
to locally deliver genes to cells, which then direct production of the desired protein. This approach reduces side effects typically
associated with systemic delivery of proteins. For therapeutics, the goal is for the protein produced to have a meaningful effect
in treating the cause, manifestation, or progression of the disease. For vaccines, the goal is to induce an immune response against
a target protein or antigen. This is accomplished by using an adenovector to deliver a gene that causes production of an antigen,
which then stimulates the desired immune reaction by the body. 

Our research and development activities
yield product candidates that utilize our technology platform and represent potential commercial opportunities. For example, preclinical
research in hearing loss and balance disorders indicates that the delivery of the atonal gene using GenVec s adenovector
technology may have the potential to restore hearing and balance function. We are currently working with Novartis on the development
of novel treatments for hearing loss and balance disorders that emerged from these research and development efforts. There are
currently no effective therapeutic treatments available for patients who have lost all balance function, and hearing loss remains
a major unmet medical problem. 

We have multiple vaccine candidates that
leverage our core adenovector technology including our vaccine candidates for the prevention or treatment of RSV and HSV. We also
have a program to develop a vaccine for malaria, a program in which we are currently working in collaboration with the Laboratory
of Malaria Immunology and Vaccinology (LMIV) of the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases, National Institutes
of Health. In the field of animal health, we are working with Merial to commercialize vaccines for the prevention of a major animal
health problem, FMD. Development efforts for this program were supported by the U.S. Department of Homeland Security and performed
in collaboration with the U.S. Department of Agriculture. 

Our business strategy is focused on entering
into collaborative arrangements to complete the development and commercialization of our product candidates. In the event that
third parties take over the development for one or more of our product candidates, the estimated completion date would largely
be under the control of that third party rather than us. We cannot forecast with any degree of certainty which proprietary products
or indications, if any, will be subject to future collaborative arrangements, in whole or in part, or how such arrangements would
affect our development plan or capital requirements. Our programs may also benefit from subsidies, grants, or government or agency-sponsored
studies that could reduce our development costs. 

An element of our business strategy is
to pursue, as resources permit, the research and development of a range of product candidates for a variety of indications. This
is intended to allow us to diversify the risks associated with our research and development expenditures. To the extent we are
unable to maintain a broad range of product candidates, our dependence on the success of one or a few product candidates would
increase. 

As a result of the uncertainties involved
in our business, we are unable to estimate the duration and completion costs of our research and development projects or when,
if ever, and to what extent we will receive cash inflows from the commercialization and sale of a product. Our inability to complete
our research and development projects in a timely manner or our failure to enter into collaborative agreements, when appropriate,
could significantly increase our capital requirements and could adversely impact our liquidity. These uncertainties could force
us to seek additional, external sources of financing from time to time in order to continue with our business strategy. Our inability
to raise additional capital, or to do so on terms reasonably acceptable to us, would jeopardize the future success of our business.
Our estimated future capital requirements are uncertain and could change materially as a result of many factors, including the
progress of our research, development, clinical, manufacturing, and commercialization activities. However, we believe our current
cash, cash equivalents, investments and committed and expected revenues from our strategic collaborations
are expected to be sufficient to continue our current research, development and collaborative activities into 2018. 

Use of Estimates  

The preparation of financial statements,
in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles, requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect
the reported amounts of assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, and revenues and expenses during the period.
Critical accounting policies involved in applying our accounting policies are those that require management to make assumptions
about matters that are highly uncertain at the time the accounting estimate was made and those for which different estimates reasonably
could have been used for the current period. Critical accounting estimates are also those which are reasonably likely to change
from period to period, and would have a material impact on the presentation of our financial condition, changes in financial condition
or results of operations. Our most critical accounting estimates relate to accounting policies for strategic collaborations and
research contract revenues, research and development activities, stock-based compensation and the fair value of our warrant liabilities.
Management bases its estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that it believes are reasonable under
the circumstances. Actual results could differ from these estimates. 

Revenue Recognition  

Revenue is recognized when all four of
the following criteria are met (i) a contract is executed, (ii) the contract price is fixed and determinable, (iii) delivery of
the services or products has occurred, and (iv) collectability of the contract amounts is considered probable. 

Our collaborative research and development
agreements provide for upfront license fees, research payments, and/or substantive milestone payments. Upfront non-refundable fees
associated with license and development agreements where we have continuing involvement in the agreement are recorded as deferred
revenue and recognized over the estimated service period. If the estimated service period is subsequently modified, the period
over which the upfront fee is recognized is modified accordingly on a prospective basis. Upfront non-refundable license and development
fees for which no future performance obligations exist are recognized when collection is assured. Substantive milestone payments
are considered performance payments and are recognized upon achievement of the milestone if all of the following criteria are met:
(i) achievement of the milestone involves a degree of risk and was not reasonably assured at the inception of the arrangement;
(ii) substantive effort is involved in achieving the milestone; and (iii) the amount of the milestone payment is reasonable in
relation to all of the deliverables and payment terms within the arrangement. Determination of whether a milestone meets the aforementioned
conditions involves the judgment of management. 

Research and development revenue from cost-reimbursement
and cost-plus fixed-fee agreements is recognized as earned based on the performance requirements of the contract. Revisions in
revenues, cost, and billing factors, such as indirect rate estimates, are accounted for in the period of change. Reimbursable costs
under such contracts are subject to audit and retroactive adjustment. Contract revenues and accounts receivable reported in the
financial statements are recorded at the amount expected to be received. Contract revenues are adjusted to actual upon final audit
and retroactive adjustment. Estimated contractual allowances are provided based on management s evaluation of current contract
terms and past experience with disallowed costs and reimbursement levels. Payments received in advance of work performed are recorded
as deferred revenue. 

Research and development revenue from fixed-price
best efforts arrangements is recognized as earned based on the performance requirements of the contract. Revenue under these arrangements
is recognized when delivery to and acceptance by the customer have occurred. During the period of performance, recoverable contract
costs are accumulated on the balance sheet in other current assets, but no revenue or profit is recorded prior to customer acceptance
of the contractually stated deliverables. Recoverable contract costs that are accumulated on the balance sheet include all direct
costs associated with the arrangement and an allocation of indirect costs. Payments received in advance of customer acceptance
are recorded as deferred revenue. Once customer acceptance has been received, revenue and recoverable contract costs are recognized.
Over the course of the arrangement, we routinely evaluate whether revenue and profitability should be recognized in the current
period. Any known or probable losses on projects are charged to operations in the period in which such losses are determined. 

Fair Value of Financial Instruments

The carrying amounts reported in the accompanying
financial statements for cash, cash equivalents, investments, and warrant liabilities, approximate fair value of these financial
instruments.  The fair value for marketable securities and warrant liabilities is discussed in Notes 2 and 4, respectively. 

Recent Accounting
Pronouncements   

In
August 2016, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (the  FASB ) issued Accounting Standards Update ( ASU )
No. 2016-15,  Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 230): Clarification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments. 
The objective of ASU 2016-15 is to eliminate the diversity in practice related to the classification of certain cash receipts and
payments in the statement of cash flows, by adding or clarifying guidance on eight specific cash flow issues. For public business
entities, ASU 2016-15 is effective for annual and interim reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2017, with early
adoption permitted. ASU 2015-16 provides that the amendments in the update should be applied retrospectively to all periods presented,
unless deemed impracticable, in which case, prospective application is permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the impact
this standard may have on our financial statements.  

In March 2016, the FASB, issued ASU
No. 2016-09,  Compensation Stock Compensation (Topic 718): Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting, 
which changes the accounting for certain aspects of share-based payments to employees. The amendments in this ASU require the recognition
of the income tax effects of awards in the income statement when the awards vest or are settled, thus eliminating additional paid-in
capital pools. The standard also allows the employer to repurchase more of an employee s shares for tax withholding purposes
without triggering liability accounting. In addition, the standard allows for a policy election to account for tax forfeitures
as they occur rather than on an estimated basis. The amendments in this ASU are effective for annual periods beginning after December
15, 2016, and interim periods within those annual periods. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of adopting this standard. 

In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU No.
2016-02,  Leases (Topic 842).  The new standard requires that all lessees recognize the assets and liabilities that
arise from leases on the balance sheet and disclose qualitative and quantitative information about their leasing arrangements.
The amendments in this ASU are effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2018, and interim periods within those
annual periods. The adoption of this standard is expected to have a material impact on our financial position. The Company is currently
evaluating the impact this standard may have on our results of operations. 

In January 2016, the FASB issued ASU
No. 2016-01,  Financial Instruments Overall (Subtopic 825-10): Recognition and Measurement of Financial Assets and
Financial Liabilities,  which amends the guidance in U.S. generally accepted accounting principles on the classification
and measurement of financial instruments. Changes to the current guidance primarily affect the accounting for equity investments,
financial liabilities under the fair value option, and the presentation and disclosure requirements for financial instruments.
In addition, the ASU clarifies guidance related to the valuation allowance assessment when recognizing deferred tax assets resulting
from unrealized losses on available-for-sale debt securities. The amendments in this ASU are effective for fiscal years and interim
periods beginning after December 15, 2017, and are to be adopted by means of a cumulative-effect adjustment to the balance sheet
at the beginning of the first reporting period in which the guidance is effective. Early adoption is not permitted except for the
provision to record fair value changes for financial liabilities under the fair value option resulting from instrument-specific
credit risk in other comprehensive income. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of adopting this standard. 

In November 2015, the FASB issued ASU No.
2015-17,  Income Taxes (Topic 740): Balance Sheet Classification of Deferred Taxes,  which simplifies the presentation
of deferred income taxes by requiring that deferred tax liabilities and assets be classified as noncurrent in a classified statement
of financial position. This ASU is effective for financial statements issued for annual periods beginning after December 16, 2016,
and interim periods within those annual periods. The adoption of this standard will not have any impact on the Company s
financial position, results of operations, or disclosures. 

In April 2015, the FASB issued ASU No.
2015-03,  Interest Imputation of Interest (Subtopic 835-30): Simplifying the Presentation of Debt Issuance Costs.   To
simplify the presentation of debt issuance costs, the amendments in this ASU require that debt issuance costs related to a recognized
debt liability be presented in the balance sheet as a direct deduction from the carrying amount of that debt liability, consistent
with debt discounts.  The recognition and measurement guidance for debt issuance costs are not affected by the amendments
in this ASU.  The amendments in this ASU are effective for financial statements issued for fiscal years beginning after
December 15, 2015 and interim periods within fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2016.  Early adoption of the amendments
in this ASU is permitted for financial statements that have not been previously issued.  The adoption of this standard
will not have any impact on the Company s financial position, results of operations, or disclosures. 

In August 2014, the FASB issued ASU
No. 2014-15,  Presentation of Financial Statements Going Concern (Topic 205),  which requires management to assess
an entity s ability to continue as a going concern and to provide related disclosures in certain circumstances. Under the
new standard, disclosures are required when conditions or events give rise to substantial doubt about an entity s ability
to continue as a going concern within one year from the financial statement issuance date. The new standard is effective for annual
periods ending after December 15, 2016, and all annual and interim periods thereafter. Early application is permitted. The
adoption of this standard will not have any impact on the Company s financial position or results of operations and, at this
time, the Company does not expect any impact on its disclosures. 

In May 2014, the FASB issued ASU No.
2014-09,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606),  which supersedes all existing revenue recognition requirements,
including most industry-specific guidance. The new standard requires a company to recognize revenue when it transfers goods or
services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration that the company expects to receive for those goods or services.
ASU 2014-09 was originally going to be effective for us on January 1, 2017; however, the FASB issued ASU 2015-14,  Revenue
from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606)   Deferral of the Effective Date,  which deferred the effective date
of ASU 2014-09 by one year to January 1, 2018. In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-8,  Revenue from Contracts with
Customers (Topic 606): Principal versus Agent Considerations. The amendments in this ASU do not change the core principle of ASU
No. 2014-09 but the amendments clarify the implementation guidance on reporting revenue gross versus net. The effective date for
the amendments in this ASU is the same as the effective date of ASU No. 2014-09. In April 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-10,
 Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Identifying Performance Obligations and Licensing),  to clarify the implementation
guidance on identifying performance obligations and licensing. The standard allows for either  full retrospective 
adoption, meaning the standard is applied to all of the periods presented, or  modified retrospective  adoption, meaning
the standard is applied only to the most current period presented in the financial statements. The Company is currently evaluating
the impact of adopting these standards. 

There are no other applicable new accounting
pronouncements issued by but not effective until after September 30, 2016 that could have a significant effect on our financial
position or results of operations. 

(2)    Fair Value Measurements    

For assets and liabilities measured at
fair value we utilize FASB Accounting Standards Codification (ASC) Section 820  Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures 
(ASC 820), which defines fair value and establishes a framework for fair value measurements. This standard establishes a three-level
hierarchy for disclosure of fair value measurements. The hierarchy is based upon the transparency of inputs to the valuation of
an asset or liability as of the measurement date. The three levels of inputs used to measure fair value are as follows: 

Level 1   Quoted prices in active
markets for identical assets or liabilities;    

Level 2   Observable inputs other
than quoted prices included in Level 1, such as quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets, quoted prices
for identical or similar assets and liabilities in markets that are not active and other inputs that are observable (e.g., interest
rates, yield curves, volatilities and default rates, among others) or that can be corroborated by observable market data; and    

Level 3   Unobservable inputs that
are supported by little or no market activity and that are significant to the fair value of the assets or liabilities, including
certain pricing models, discounted cash flow methodologies, and similar techniques that use significant unobservable inputs.    

The following table presents information
about assets and liabilities recorded at fair value on a recurring basis on the Condensed Balance Sheet at September 30, 2016: 

The following table presents information about assets recorded
at fair value on a recurring basis on the Condensed Balance Sheet at December 31, 2015: 

We determine fair value for our
investments with Level 1 inputs through quoted market prices and have classified them as available-for-sale. Our Level 2
investments consist of corporate notes and bonds maturing at various times in 2017. 

We review all investments for other-than-temporary
impairment at least quarterly or as indicators of impairment exist. Indicators of impairment include the duration and severity
of the decline in fair value as well as the intent and ability to hold the investment to allow for a recovery in the market value
of the investment. In addition, we consider qualitative factors that include, but are not limited to: (i) the financial condition
and business plans of the investee, including its future earnings potential, (ii) the investee s credit rating and (iii)
the current and expected market and industry conditions in which the investee operates. If a decline in the fair value of an investment
is deemed by management to be other-than-temporary, we write down the cost basis of the investment to fair value, and the amount
of the write down is included in net earnings. Such a determination is dependent on the facts and circumstances relating to each
investment. During the first quarter of 2016, we determined that our equity security holding had incurred an other-than-temporary
impairment as a result of the entity in which we held the equity being acquired by another company at a price lower than our carrying
value. The stock of the entity is no longer being publicly traded. As a result of this impairment, we realized a loss of $4,000.
We have determined there were no such impairments during 2015. 

All unrealized holding gains or losses
related to our investments in marketable securities are reflected in accumulated other comprehensive loss in stockholders 
equity. The change in accumulated other comprehensive loss was a net unrealized gain of $4,000 and a net unrealized loss of $5,000
for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. 

As of September 30, 2016, the Company also
had a Level 3 liability associated with the warrants issued in connection with the Company s May 2016 registered offering,
described in Note 6 below. The warrants are considered a liability and are valued using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model,
the inputs for which include the following: exercise price of the warrants, market price of the underlying common shares, contractual
term, expected volatility of our stock, risk-free interest rate, and expected dividend yield.  Changes
in fair value are recorded against operations in the reporting period in which they occur; increases and decreases in fair value are
recorded in other income/(expense) as a change in fair value.  The change in fair value was a gain of $1.1 million for
the nine months ended September 30, 2016.  

The following table sets for the a reconciliation
of changes in the nine months ended September 30, 2016 in the fair value of the liabilities classified as Level 3 in the fair value
hierarchy: 

(3)    Stock-Based Compensation Expense    

The following table summarizes stock-based
compensation expense related to employee stock options for the three-month and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2016 and
September 30, 2015, which was allocated as follows: 

We use the Black-Scholes option pricing model to value stock
options. The estimated fair value of employee stock options granted during the nine-month periods ended September 30, 2016 and
2015 was calculated using the Black-Scholes model with the following weighted-average assumptions: 

The risk-free interest rate assumptions
are based upon various U.S. Treasury rates as of the date of the grants. The dividend yield is based on the assumption that we
do not expect to declare a dividend over the life of the options. 

The volatility assumptions for the 2016
and 2015 periods are based on the weighted average volatility for the most recent one-year period as well as the volatility over
the expected life of 6.46 years and 6.23 years, respectively. The expected life of employee stock options represents the weighted
average combining the actual life of options that have already been exercised or cancelled with the expected life of all outstanding
options. The expected life of outstanding options is calculated assuming the options will be exercised at the midpoint between
the applicable vesting date and the full contractual term. 

The Company estimates forfeiture rates
at the time of grant and revises these estimates, if necessary, in subsequent periods if actual forfeitures differ from the estimates.
Forfeitures are estimated based on the demographics of current option holders and standard probabilities of employee turnover. 

The weighted-average fair value of the
options granted for the nine-month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 are $0.46 and $2.41, respectively. We do not record
tax-related effects on stock-based compensation given our historical and anticipated operating experience and offsetting changes
in our valuation allowance which fully reserves against potential deferred tax assets. 

Stock Options   

The following table summarizes the stock
option activity for the nine months ended September 30, 2016:   

(a) This represents the number of vested
options as of September 30, 2016, plus the number of unvested options as of September 30, 2016 that we expect to vest in the future
based on our estimated forfeiture rate. 

Unrecognized stock-based compensation related
to stock options was approximately $1.1 million as of September 30, 2016. This amount is expected to be expensed over a weighted
average period of 2.3 years. There were no options exercised during the nine-month periods ended September 30, 2016 or 2015. 

The following table summarizes information
about our stock options outstanding and exercisable as of September 30, 2016: 

On May 10, 2016, in a registered offering
pursuant to the 2014 shelf registration statement (as defined in Note 6 below), we sold 5,471,957 shares of our common stock (the
Shares), at a purchase price of $0.91375 per share. In a private placement concurrent with the sale of the Shares, we sold to the
investors who purchased the Shares warrants to purchase 4,103,968 shares of common stock (the Warrants). The Shares and the Warrants
were sold pursuant to a securities purchase agreement for aggregate gross proceeds of $5.0 million. Subject to certain ownership
limitations, the Warrants will be initially exercisable on November 10, 2016 at an exercise price equal to $0.83 per share of common
stock, subject to adjustments as provided under the terms of the Warrants. The Warrants are exercisable until November 10, 2022. 

In connection with the offering of the
Shares and Warrants, we issued to the placement agent and its designees unregistered warrants to purchase an aggregate of 383,037
shares of our common stock (the Placement Agent Warrants). The Placement Agent Warrants have substantially the same terms as the
Warrants, except that the Placement Agent Warrants will expire on May 4, 2021 and have an exercise price equal to $1.1422 per share
of common stock. 

A summary of the allocation of the proceeds
of the offering is shown below: 

(in thousands)    

Allocated to warrant liabilities    
     $  2,511     
 
     Allocated to common stock and additonal paid-in capital    
        2,489     
 
     Total allocated gross proceeds    
     $  5,000     

The closing costs of $699,861 included
the 383,037 Placement Agent Warrants valued at $202,862, and $496,999 for placement agent and other fees. Based upon the estimated
fair value of the Shares and Warrants in units, the Company allocated $250,279 to financing expense and $449,582 as stock issuance
costs. 

The table below sets forth the Warrants
and Placement Agent Warrants as of September 30, 2016: 

The Warrants contain a provision for liquidated
damages in the event that there is a failure to deliver shares of common stock within three days of receiving a notice to exercise.
As a result of this liquidated damages provision, the Warrants require liability classification in accordance with ASC 480 and
are recorded at fair value.   The fair value of the Warrants has been determined
under a Black-Scholes pricing model; assuming a weighted average 5.99 year remaining life for the warrants, 1.23% risk-free interest
rate, a 111.34% expected volatility and no dividend yield, the weighted average fair value of warrant liability as of September
30, 2016 is $0.66. Changes in fair value are recorded against operations in the reporting period in which they occur; increases
or decreases in fair value are recorded to other income/(expense) as a change in fair value of warrant liabilities.  

(5)     Net Loss per Share     

Basic earnings per share is computed based
upon the net loss available to common stock holders divided by the weighted average number of common stock shares outstanding during
the period. The dilutive effect of common stock equivalents is included in the calculation of diluted earnings per share only when
the effect of the inclusion would be dilutive. For the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, all common stock equivalent
shares associated with our stock option plans, and stock equivalent shares associated with our warrants were excluded from the
denominator in the diluted loss per share calculation as their inclusion would have been antidilutive. 

(6)    Stockholders  Equity  

In January 2014, we filed a $75.0
million shelf registration statement on Form S-3 (the 2014 shelf registration statement), with the SEC. The 2014 shelf registration
statement was declared effective February 11, 2014 and allows us to obtain financing through the issuance of any combination
of common stock, preferred stock or warrants. Pursuant to General Instruction I.B.6 of Form S-3, in no event will we sell securities
in a public primary offering using Form S-3 with a value exceeding more than one-third of our public float in any 12-month period
so long as our public float remains below $75.0 million. 

On February 11, 2014, we entered into
an Equity Distribution Agreement (the EDA) with Roth Capital Partners, LLC (Roth Capital Partners), pursuant to which we may sell
from time to time up to $10.0 million of shares of our common stock, par value $0.001 per share, through Roth Capital Partners.
Sales of shares pursuant to the EDA, if any, may be made by any method permitted by law deemed to be an  at the market 
offering as defined in Rule 415 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, including without limitation directly on the NASDAQ
Capital Market, or any other existing trading market for the shares or through a market maker, or, if agreed by the Company and
Roth Capital Partners, by any other method permitted by law, including but not limited to in negotiated transactions. Sales under
the EDA have been and will be made pursuant to the 2014 shelf registration statement. As of March 31, 2014, we had sold 721,677
shares pursuant to the EDA for gross proceeds of approximately $2.6 million. We have not sold any shares under the EDA since that
date. We agreed not to use the EDA for a period of 120 days after our May 10, 2016 registered offering. 

On March 18, 2014, we sold 2,870,000
shares of our common stock in a registered direct offering pursuant to the 2014 shelf registration statement (the Registered Direct
Offering), at a price of  $3.15 per share, resulting in gross proceeds of approximately $9.0 million. 

On May 10, 2016, in a registered offering
pursuant to the 2014 shelf registration statement, we sold 5,471,957 shares of our common stock (the Shares), at a purchase price
of $0.91375 per share. In a private placement concurrent with the sale of the Shares, we sold to the investors who purchased the
Shares warrants to purchase 4,103,968 shares of our common stock (the Warrants). The Shares and Warrants were sold pursuant to
a securities purchase agreement for aggregate gross proceeds of $5.0 million.  Subject to certain ownership limitations, the
Warrants will be initially exercisable on November 10, 2016 at an exercise price equal to $0.83 per share of common stock, subject
to adjustments as provided under the terms of the Warrants. The Warrants are exercisable until November 10, 2022. 

In connection with the offering of the
Shares and Warrants, we issued to the placement agent and its designees unregistered warrants to purchase an aggregate of 383,037
shares of our common stock (the Placement Agent Warrants). The Placement Agent Warrants have substantially the same terms
as the Warrants, except that the Placement Agent Warrants will expire on May 4, 2021 and have an exercise price equal to $1.1422
per share of common stock. 

The net proceeds from the sale of the Shares
and the Warrants are $4.5 million after deducting certain fees due to the placement agent and our estimated transaction expenses. 

As of September 30, 2016, pursuant to the
Equity Distribution Agreement, the Registered Direct Offering, and the May 10, 2016 registered offering, we have sold 9,063,634
shares of our common stock since the 2014 shelf registration statement became effective on February 11, 2014 for gross proceeds
of $16.6 million.  These sales resulted in proceeds, net of issuance costs of approximately $15.1 million. 

On February 24, 2016, we received notification
from NASDAQ that the minimum bid price of our common stock had remained below $1.00 per share for 30 consecutive business days,
and we therefore are not in compliance with the minimum bid price requirement for continued listing set forth in Marketplace Rule
5550(a)(2). The notification letter stated that we would be afforded 180 calendar days, or until August 22, 2016, to regain compliance
with the minimum bid price requirement.  On August 23, 2016, we received notification from NASDAQ that we had been afforded
a second 180 calendar day grace period, or until February 21, 2017, to regain compliance. To regain compliance, the closing bid
price of our common stock must meet or exceed $1.00 per share for at least ten consecutive business days.  NASDAQ may,
in its discretion, require our common stock to maintain a bid price of at least $1.00 per share for a period in excess of ten consecutive
business days, but generally no more than 20 consecutive business days, before determining we have demonstrated an ability to maintain
long-term compliance. If we do not regain compliance by February 21, 2017, the Listing Qualifications Department of NASDAQ has
indicated it will provide written notification to us that our common stock will be delisted. At that time, we may appeal the delisting
determination to a NASDAQ Hearings Panel (the Panel). Our common stock would remain listed pending the Panel s decision.  
Management is currently evaluating potential options to address this situation. 

(7)    Collaborative Agreements  

In January 2010, we entered into a research
collaboration and license agreement with Novartis to discover and develop novel treatments for hearing loss and balance disorders.
Under the terms of the agreement, we licensed the world-wide rights to our preclinical hearing loss and balance disorders program
to Novartis. We received a $5.0 million upfront payment and Novartis purchased $2.0 million of our common stock. 

We were eligible, from the inception of
the agreement, to receive up to an additional $206.6 million in milestone payments if certain clinical, regulatory, and sales milestones
were met, including: up to $0.6 million for the achievement of preclinical development activities; up to $26.0 million for the
achievement of clinical milestones (including non-rejection of an IND with respect to a covered product, the first patient visit
in Phase I, Phase IIb and Phase III clinical trials); up to $45.0 million for the receipt of regulatory approvals; and up to $135.0
million for sales-based milestones. 

From September 2010 through October 2014,
we achieved four milestones resulting in aggregate payments from Novartis of $5.6 million. There were no milestones achieved in
2015 and there have been no milestones achieved during 2016. 

In September 2010, we announced achievement
of the first of the four milestones that have been achieved in the collaboration with Novartis. This $300,000 milestone was triggered
by the successful completion of certain preclinical development activities. In December 2011, we announced achievement of
the second milestone in the collaboration with Novartis. This $300,000 milestone was triggered by the successful completion of
certain preclinical development activities. In February 2014, we announced achievement of the third milestone in the collaboration
with Novartis. This $2.0 million milestone was triggered by the non-rejection by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA)
of the IND filed by Novartis for CGF166. In October 2014, we announced achievement of the fourth milestone in the collaboration
with Novartis. This $3.0 million milestone was triggered by the first patient treated in a clinical trial with CGF166. As of October
31, 2016, milestones remaining available under the agreement include $21.0 million of additional clinical milestones, $45.0 million
in regulatory milestones, and $135.0 million of sales-based milestones. 

Additionally, if a product is commercialized
we are also entitled to tiered royalties on the annual net sales of licensed products, on a product-by-product and country-by-country
basis, at percentage rates that range based on annual net sales from the mid-single digits to the low double digits until the earlier
of (a) the expiration of the last valid claim with respect to applicable patent rights and (b) January 1 following a year in which
annual net sales of the product declined by a specified percentage of the highest level of prior annual net sales where the decline
is reasonably attributable in part to the marketing or sale of a competing product in the country. For the five years thereafter,
in the applicable country we are entitled to tiered royalties of below 1% on annual net sales. The collaboration and license agreement
is terminable for convenience upon notice by either party or for uncured material breach. 

In addition, the agreement allows us to
receive funding from Novartis for a research program focused on developing additional adenovectors for hearing loss. During the
three-month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, we recognized $15,000 and $25,000, respectively, for work performed
under the agreement. We recognized $0.1 million during each of the nine-month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively,
for work performed under the agreement. 

In January 2016, we were notified by Novartis
that enrollment was paused in the clinical study for CGF166. This pause was based on a review of data by the trial s Data
Safety Monitoring Board (DSMB) in accordance with criteria in the trial protocol. On April 28, 2016, we were notified by Novartis,
based on a review of safety and efficacy data from the nine patients currently enrolled in the study, that the DSMB recommended
that the trial continue, subject to approval by the FDA. On July 25, 2016, we announced we were notified by Novartis,
that the FDA had lifted the clinical hold on the trial. 

In August 2010, we signed an agreement
for the supply of services relating to development materials with Novartis, related to our collaboration in hearing loss and balance
disorders. Under this agreement, valued at $14.9 million, we agreed to manufacture clinical trial material for up to two lead product
candidates. During the three-month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, we recognized $23,000 and $55,000, respectively,
for work performed under this agreement. During the nine-month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, we recognized $66,000
and $178,000, respectively, for work performed under this agreement. 

In March 2015, we announced a collaboration
with TheraBiologics, Inc. to develop cancer therapeutics leveraging both our proprietary gene delivery platform and TheraBiologics 
proprietary neural stem cell technology. Depending on the manner of commercialization, we will be entitled to profit sharing and/or
royalty and milestone payments for the products being developed under the collaboration. We will contribute technology, know-how,
vector construction, and technical and regulatory support to the program and TheraBiologics will be responsible for all other development
costs. We anticipate TheraBiologics will advance a second generation neural stem cell-based cancer treatment utilizing our technology
into the clinic in the first half of 2017. 

In April 2015, we announced a Research
Collaboration Agreement with the LMIV under which we will build new vaccine candidates based on our proprietary adenovectors isolated
from gorillas and designed to deliver novel antigens discovered at the LMIV. 

In June 2015, we announced a multi-faceted
collaboration agreement with the School of Medicine at Washington University at St. Louis (WUSTL) under which we and WUSTL will
create modified versions of our gorilla adenovectors that incorporate specialized targeting antibodies on the surface of the vectors.
These antibodies are produced only by camels, alpacas and other camelids and are smaller and more stable in intracellular environments
than their mouse or human counterparts. The ultimate goal of this collaboration is to create highly targeted therapeutics and vaccines. 

In September 2016, we entered into a second
amendment to our previously disclosed license agreement with Merial.  Under the terms of the amendment we will provide Merial
with certain biological materials and grant Merial the right to use the underlying GenVec technology to further develop and advance
FMD vaccine product candidates. 

(8)    Subsequent Events  

On October 20, 2016, the stockholders of
the Company approved an amendment to the Company s Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, in the event it is
deemed by the Board of Directors to be advisable, to effect a reverse stock split of the Company s common stock at a ratio
within the range of 1-for-3 to 1-for-10, as determined by the Board of Directors. 

GENVEC, INC.  

FORM 10-Q  

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS  

This report includes forward-looking statements
within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934, as amended. 

Forward-looking statements also may be
included in other statements that we make. All statements that are not descriptions of historical facts are forward-looking statements
and are based on management s estimates, assumptions and projections that are subject to risks and uncertainties. These statements
can generally be identified by the use of forward-looking words like  believe,   expect,   intend, 
 may,   will,   should,   anticipate,  or similar terminology. 

Although we believe that the expectations
reflected in our forward-looking statements are reasonable as of the date we make them, actual results could differ materially
from those currently anticipated due to a number of factors, including risks relating to: 

decisions we make with respect to the future and strategic direction of our Company;   

our product candidates being in the early stages of development;   

our ability to find collaborators and, if we find collaborators, to mutually agree on terms for
our collaborations;   

our reliance on collaborators;   

the timing, amount, and availability of revenues from our government-funded vaccine programs;   

uncertainties with, and unexpected results and related analyses relating to, preclinical development
and clinical trials of our product candidates;   

the timing and content of future FDA regulatory actions related to us, our product candidates,
or our collaborators;   

our financial condition, the sufficiency of our existing cash, cash equivalents, marketable securities,
and cash generated from operations, and our ability to lower our operating costs;   

the scope and validity of patent protection for our product candidates and our ability to commercialize
technology and products without infringing the patent rights of others; and   

the listing of our common stock on the NASDAQ Stock Market.   

Further information on the factors and
risks that could affect our business, financial condition and results of operations is set forth under Item 1A in our Annual Report
on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015 and is contained in our other filings with the SEC. The filings are available
on our website at www.genvec.com or at the SEC s website, www.sec.gov. 

Forward-looking statements in this Quarterly
Report on Form 10-Q speak only as of the date of this report, and we assume no duty to update our forward-looking statements. The
forward-looking statements in this report are intended to be subject to protection afforded by the safe harbor for forward-looking
statements contained in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. 

ITEM 2.    MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL
CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS  

OVERVIEW  

GenVec, Inc. (GenVec, we, our, or the Company)
is a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company with an entrepreneurial focus on leveraging its proprietary AdenoVerse  gene
delivery platform to develop a pipeline of cutting-edge therapeutics and vaccines. The Company is a pioneer in the design, testing
and manufacture of adenoviral-based product candidates that can deliver on the promise of gene-based medicine. GenVec s lead
product candidate, CGF166, is licensed to Novartis Institutes for BioMedical Research, Inc. (together with Novartis AG and its
subsidiary corporations, including Novartis Pharma AG, Novartis) and is currently in a Phase 1/2 clinical study for the treatment
of hearing loss and balance disorders. In addition to our internal and partnered pipeline, we also focus on opportunities to license
our proprietary technology platform, including vectors and production cell lines, to potential collaborators in the biopharmaceutical
industry for the development and manufacture of therapeutics and vaccines. 

A key component of our strategy is to
develop and commercialize our product candidates through collaborations. GenVec is working with prominent companies and organizations
such as Novartis, Merial Inc., formerly Merial Limited (Merial), and the U.S. government, as well as promising young
companies such as TheraBiologics, to support a portfolio of programs that addresses the prevention and treatment of a number of
significant human and animal health concerns. GenVec s combination of internal and partnered development programs address
therapeutic areas such as hearing loss and balance disorders and oncology, as well as vaccines against infectious diseases, including
respiratory syncytial virus (RSV), herpes simplex virus (HSV), and malaria. In the area of animal health we are developing vaccines
against foot-and-mouth disease (FMD). 

Our AdenoVerse gene delivery technology
has the important advantage of localizing protein delivery in the body. This is accomplished by using our adenovector platform
to locally deliver genes to cells, which then direct production of the desired protein. This approach reduces side effects typically
associated with systemic delivery of proteins. For therapeutics, the goal is for the protein produced to have a meaningful effect
in treating the cause, manifestation, or progression of the disease. For vaccines, the goal is to induce an immune response against
a target protein or antigen. This is accomplished by using an adenovector to deliver a gene that causes production of an antigen,
which then stimulates the desired immune reaction by the body. 

Our research and development activities
yield product candidates that utilize our technology platform and represent potential commercial opportunities. For example, preclinical
research in hearing loss and balance disorders indicates that the delivery of the atonal gene using GenVec s adenovector
technology may have the potential to restore hearing and balance function. We are currently working with Novartis on the development
of novel treatments for hearing loss and balance disorders that emerged from these research and development efforts. There are
currently no effective therapeutic treatments available for patients who have lost all balance function, and hearing loss remains
a major unmet medical problem. 

We have multiple vaccine candidates that
leverage our core adenovector technology including our vaccine candidates for the prevention or treatment of RSV and HSV. We also
have a program to develop a vaccine for malaria, a program in which we are currently working in collaboration with the Laboratory
of Malaria Immunology and Vaccinology of the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases, National Institutes of Health.
In the field of animal health, we are working with Merial to commercialize vaccines for the prevention of a major animal health
problem, FMD. Development efforts for this program were supported by the U.S. Department of Homeland Security (DHS) and performed
in collaboration with the U.S. Department of Agriculture. 

Our business strategy is focused on entering
into collaborative arrangements to complete the development and commercialization of our product candidates. In the event that
third parties take over the development for one or more of our product candidates, the estimated completion date would largely
be under the control of that third party rather than us. We cannot forecast with any degree of certainty which proprietary products
or indications, if any, will be subject to future collaborative arrangements, in whole or in part, or how such arrangements would
affect our development plan or capital requirements. Our programs may also benefit from subsidies, grants, or government or agency-sponsored
studies that could reduce our development costs.  

An element of our business strategy is
to pursue, as resources permit, the research and development of a range of product candidates for a variety of indications. This
is intended to allow us to diversify the risks associated with our research and development expenditures. To the extent we are
unable to maintain a broad range of product candidates, our dependence on the success of one or a few product candidates would
increase. 

As a result of the uncertainties
involved in our business, we are unable to estimate the duration and completion costs of our research and development
projects or when, if ever, and to what extent we will receive cash inflows from the commercialization and sale of a product.
Our inability to complete our research and development projects in a timely manner or our failure to enter into collaborative
agreements, when appropriate, could significantly increase our capital requirements and could adversely impact our liquidity.
These uncertainties could force us to seek additional, external sources of financing from time to time in order to continue
with our business strategy. Our inability to raise additional capital, or to do so on terms reasonably acceptable to us,
would jeopardize the future success of our business. Our estimated future capital requirements are uncertain and could change
materially as a result of many factors, including the progress of our research, development, clinical, manufacturing, and
commercialization activities. However, we believe our current cash, cash equivalents, investments and committed
and expected revenues from our strategic collaborations are expected to be sufficient to continue our current research,
development and collaborative activities into 2018. 

On February 24, 2016, we received notification
from NASDAQ that the minimum bid price of our common stock had remained below $1.00 per share for 30 consecutive business days,
and we therefore are not in compliance with the minimum bid price requirement for continued listing set forth in Marketplace Rule
5550(a)(2). The notification letter stated that we would be afforded 180 calendar days, or until August 22, 2016, to regain compliance
with the minimum bid price requirement. On August 23, 2016, we received notification from NASDAQ that we had been afforded
a second 180 calendar day grace period, or until February 21, 2017, to regain compliance. Delisting of our common stock from NASDAQ
as a result of non-compliance could adversely affect our ability to raise additional financing through the public or private sale
of equity securities, significantly affect the ability of investors to trade our securities, and negatively affect the value and
liquidity of our common stock. Delisting could also have other negative results, including the potential loss of confidence by
employees, the loss of institutional investor interest, and fewer business development opportunities. Management is currently evaluating
potential options to address this situation. 

As a biopharmaceutical company, our business
and our ability to execute our strategy to achieve our corporate goals are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties.  Material
risks and uncertainties relating to our business and our industry are described in Item 1A of Part II of this Quarterly Report
on Form 10-Q and in Item 1A of Part I of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015. The description of
our business in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q should be read in conjunction with those material risks and uncertainties. 

FINANCIAL OVERVIEW FOR THE THREE AND NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER
30, 2016 AND 2015  

Results of Operations  

GenVec s net loss was $1.2 million
or $0.05 per share on revenues of $173,000 for the three months ended September 30, 2016. This compares to a net loss of $1.5
million or $0.09 per share on revenues of $193,000 in the same period in the prior year. GenVec s net loss was $4.3 million
or $0.21 per share on revenues of $489,000 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016. This compares to a net loss of $4.9
million or $0.30 per share on revenues of $725,000 in the same period in the prior year. Included in our net loss for the first
nine months of 2016 was stock-based compensation expense and the change in the fair value of warrant liabilities of $0.6 million
and $1.1 million as compared to $0.7 million and $0 for the same period in the prior year. GenVec ended the third quarter of 2016
with $8.4 million in cash, cash equivalents, and investments. 

Revenue  

Revenues for the three-month and nine-month
periods ended September 30, 2016 were $173,000 and $489,000, respectively, which represent decreases of 10% and 33% as compared
to $193,000 and $725,000 in the comparable prior year periods. 

Revenues for the three-month and nine-month
periods ended September 30, 2016 were derived from the collaboration with Novartis to discover and develop novel treatments for
hearing loss and balance disorders. Revenues were also derived from the Company s funded research and development programs
with the National Institutes of Allergy and Infectious Diseases of the National Institutes of Health (NIH), and the U.S. Naval
Medical Research Center, and Merial, all of which use GenVec s proprietary
adenovector technology for the development of vaccines against malaria or vaccine candidates against FMD for livestock.  

In January 2010, we entered into a research
collaboration and license agreement with Novartis to discover and develop novel treatments for hearing loss and balance disorders.
Under the terms of the agreement, we licensed the world-wide rights to our preclinical hearing loss and balance disorders program
to Novartis.  

In addition, the agreement allows us to
receive funding from Novartis for a research program focused on developing additional adenovectors for hearing loss. During the
three-month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, we recognized $15,000 and $25,000, respectively, for work performed
under the agreement. During the nine month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, we recognized $87,000 and $119,000, respectively,
for work performed under the agreement. 

In January 2016, we were notified by Novartis
that enrollment was paused in the clinical study for CGF166. This pause was based on a review of data by the trial s Data
Safety Monitoring Board (DSMB) in accordance with criteria in the trial protocol. On April 28, 2016, we were notified by Novartis,
based on a review of safety and efficacy data from the nine patients currently enrolled in the study, that the DSMB recommended
that the trial continue, subject to approval by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA). On July 25, 2016, we announced we
were notified by Novartis, that the FDA had lifted the clinical hold on the trial. 

For more information on the Novartis agreement,
its terms and the amounts paid or recognized thereunder to date, see note 7,  Collaborative Agreements,  in Notes
to Condensed Financial Statements. 

In August 2010, we signed an agreement
for the supply of services relating to development materials with Novartis related to our collaboration in hearing loss and balance
disorders. Under this agreement, valued at $14.9 million, we agreed to manufacture clinical trial material for up to two lead product
candidates. During the three-month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, we recognized $23,000 and $55,000, respectively,
for work performed under this agreement. During the nine-month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, we recognized $66,000
and $178,000, respectively, for work performed under this agreement. 

Revenues recognized under our various funded
research projects for the three- and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 are as follows: 

The decrease in revenue for the three-month
period ended September 30, 2016 is primarily attributable to a reduced work scope under our hearing loss and balance disorders
program, which resulted in a $42,000 reduction in revenue in the current period as compared to the same period in 2015. This was
partially offset by an increase of $22,000 in revenue for work performed under our malaria program. 

The decrease in revenue for the nine-month
period ended September 30, 2016 is primarily attributable to the completion of our contract with the DHS related to our animal
health program in February 2015. We recognized $0.2 million in revenue under this contract in the nine months of 2015 with no corresponding
revenue associated with this contract in the same period in 2016. Revenue under our animal health program in 2016 is related to
the second amendment to our license agreement with Merial. Also contributing to the decrease was a reduced work scope under our
hearing loss and balance disorders program, which resulted in a $0.1 million reduction in revenue in the current period as compared
to the same period in 2015. Partially offsetting these decreases was an increase in revenue from our malaria program of $0.1 million,
primarily attributable to our grant with the NIH. As noted previously, work under this grant was completed in March 2016. 

The Company continues to focus on opportunities
to license our proprietary technology platform, including vectors and production cell lines, to potential collaborators in the
biopharmaceutical industry for the development and manufacture of therapeutics and vaccines. 

Expenses  

Operating expenses were $1.7 million and
$5.6 million for the three-month and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2016, respectively, which are in-line with the comparable
prior year periods. 

General and administrative expenses for
the three-month and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2016 increased 18% and 4%, respectively, with expenses of approximately
$1.2 million and $3.8 million in 2016 as compared to $1.0 million and $3.6 million, respectively, in 2015. The increase is primarily
attributable to higher expenses for professional services in the three-month period ended September 30, 2016 as compared to the
same period in 2015. For the nine-month period ended September 30, 2016, the increase is primarily attributable to higher personnel
costs due to the expansion of our workforce by three full-time employees as compared to the same period in 2015. 

Research and development expenses for the
three-month and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2016 decreased 26% and 10%, respectively, with expenses of approximately
$0.5 million and $1.8 million in 2016 as compared to $0.7 million and $2.0 million, respectively, in 2015. The decreases are primarily
attributable to lower expenses for personnel and professional services in both the three- and nine-month periods ended September
30, 2016 as compared to the same periods in 2015. 

Other income, net for the three-month and
nine-month periods ended September 30, 2016 was $323,000 and $841,000, respectively, as compared to $6,000 and $19,000, respectively,
for the same periods in 2015. The increases in the 2016 periods were due to a $0.3 million and $1.1 million change in the fair
value of the warrant liabilities in connection with our May 10, 2016 registered offering, respectively, for the three- and nine-month
periods ended September 30, 2016, partially offset by financing expenses of $250,000 related to the offering, in the nine-month
period ended September 30, 2016. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources  

We have experienced significant losses
since our inception. As of September 30, 2016 we have an accumulated deficit of  $289.1 million. The process of developing
and commercializing our product candidates requires significant research and development work and clinical trial work, as well
as significant manufacturing and process development efforts. These activities, together with our general and administrative expenses,
are expected to continue to result in significant operating losses for the foreseeable future. 

As of September 30, 2016, cash, cash equivalents,
and investments totaled $8.4 million as compared to $8.7 million on December 31, 2015. 

For the nine months ended September 30,
2016, we used $4.8 million of cash for operating activities. This consisted of a net loss for the period of $4.3 million, which
included approximately $70,000 of non-cash depreciation and amortization, $0.6 million of non-cash stock-based compensation, a
$1.1 million gain for the change in the fair value of the warrants issued in connection with our May 10, 2016 registered offering,
$0.3 million for financing expense, and $0.3 million used in the net change in current assets and liabilities and $8,000 provided
for the net change in non-current liabilities. Net cash was used primarily for our internally funded research and development programs
and general and administrative activities. 

For the nine months ended September 30,
2015, we used $4.7 million of cash for operating activities. This consisted of a net loss for the period of $4.9 million, which
included approximately $24,000 of bad debt expense, $72,000 of non-cash depreciation and amortization, $0.7 million of non-cash
stock-based compensation, $0.6 million used by the net change in current assets and liabilities and $2,000 provided by the net
change in non-current liabilities.  Net cash was used primarily for our internally funded research and development programs
and general and administrative activities. 

Net cash used by investing activities during
the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was $1.9 million. This consisted primarily of purchases and maturities of investments. 

Net cash provided by investing activities
during the nine months ended September 30, 2015 was $3.3 million. This consisted of proceeds from the sale and maturity of investments
of $3.4 million partially offset by $44,000 of cash used for the purchase of furniture and equipment. 

Net cash provided by financing activities
during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was $4.5 million, which represents the proceeds from the registered offering, described
below, completed on May 10, 2016.  

Net cash used in financing activities
during the nine months ended September 30, 2015 was $20,000, which represent the issuance costs of common stock issued under the
terms of our EDA with Roth Capital Partners, described below, in 2014. 

On February 24, 2016, we received notification
from NASDAQ that the minimum bid price of our common stock had remained below $1.00 per share for 30 consecutive business days,
and we therefore are not in compliance with the minimum bid price requirement for continued listing set forth in Marketplace Rule
5550(a)(2). The notification letter stated that we would be afforded 180 calendar days, or until August 22, 2016, to regain compliance
with the minimum bid price requirement.  On August 23, 2016, we received notification from NASDAQ that we had been afforded
a second 180 calendar day grace period, or until February 21, 2017, to regain compliance. To regain compliance, the closing bid
price of our common stock must meet or exceed $1.00 per share for at least ten consecutive business days.  NASDAQ may,
in its discretion, require our common stock to maintain a bid price of at least $1.00 per share for a period in excess of ten consecutive
business days, but generally no more than 20 consecutive business days, before determining we have demonstrated an ability to maintain
long-term compliance. 

The Staff s determination in the
August 23, 2016 notice was based on us meeting the continued listing requirement for market value of publicly held shares and all
other applicable requirements for initial listing on The NASDAQ Capital Market with the exception of the minimum bid price requirement,
and our written notice to NASDAQ of our intention to cure the minimum bid price deficiency, including by effecting a reverse stock
split, if necessary. On October 20, 2016, our stockholders approved an amendment to our Amended and Restated Certificate of
Corporation to effect a reverse stock split of our common stock at a ratio within the range of 1-for-3 to 1-for-10, as determined
by our Board of Directors. If necessary, our Board of Directors will consider whether, when and at what ratio to implement the
reverse stock split. 

If we do not regain compliance by February
21, 2017, the Listing Qualifications Department of NASDAQ has indicated it will provide written notification to us that our common
stock will be delisted. At that time, we may appeal the delisting determination to a NASDAQ Hearings Panel (the Panel). Our common
stock would remain listed pending the Panel s decision.   Management is currently evaluating potential options
to address this situation.  

Delisting from NASDAQ could adversely affect
our ability to raise additional financing through the public or private sale of equity securities, significantly affect the ability
of investors to trade our securities, and negatively affect the value and liquidity of our common stock. Delisting could also have
other negative results, including the potential loss of confidence by employees, the loss of institutional investor interest, and
fewer business development opportunities. 

Since our initial public offering, we have
raised capital by offering shares of our common stock and warrants to purchase shares of our common stock in a variety of offerings. 

Effective September 7, 2011, we entered
into a Stockholder Rights Agreement between the Company and American Stock Transfer   Trust Company, LLC, as rights agent.
The Stockholder Rights Agreement was not adopted in response to any specific effort to acquire control of the Company. In connection
with the adoption of the Stockholder Rights Agreement, the Company s Board of Directors declared a dividend of one preferred
stock purchase right, or Right, for each outstanding share of common stock to stockholders of record as of the close of business
on September 7, 2011. Initially, the Rights will be represented by GenVec s common stock certificates or book entry
notations, will not be traded separately from the common stock, and will not be exercisable. In the event that any person acquires
beneficial ownership of 20% or more of the outstanding shares of GenVec s common stock, or upon the occurrence of certain
other events, each holder of a Right, other than the acquirer, would be entitled to receive, upon payment of the purchase price,
which is initially set at $32 per Right, a number of shares of GenVec common stock having a value equal to two times such purchase
price. The Company s Board of Directors is entitled to redeem the Rights at $0.001 per right at any time before a person
or group has acquired 20% or more of the Company s common stock. The Rights will expire on September 7, 2021, subject
to the Company s right to extend such date, unless earlier redeemed or exchanged by the Company or terminated. The Rights
will at no time have any voting rights. The Company has authorized 30,000 shares of Series B Junior Participating Preferred Stock
in connection with the adoption of the Stockholder Rights Agreement. There was no Series B Junior Participating Preferred Stock
issued or outstanding as of September 30, 2016. 

On January 23, 2014, we filed a $75.0
million shelf registration statement on Form S-3 (the 2014 shelf registration statement), with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
The 2014 shelf registration statement was declared effective February 11, 2014 and allows us to obtain financing through the
issuance of any combination of common stock, preferred stock or warrants. Pursuant to General Instruction I.B.6 of Form S-3, in
no event will we sell securities in a public primary offering using Form S-3 with a value exceeding more than one-third of our
public float in any 12-month period so long as our public float remains below $75.0 million. 

On February 11, 2014, we entered into
an Equity Distribution Agreement (the EDA) with Roth Capital Partners, LLC (Roth Capital Partners), pursuant to which we may sell
from time to time up to $10.0 million of shares of our common stock, par value $0.001 per share, through Roth Capital Partners.
Sales of shares pursuant to the EDA, if any, may be made by any method permitted by law deemed to be an  at the market 
offering as defined in Rule 415 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, including without limitation directly on the NASDAQ
Capital Market, or any other existing trading market for the shares or through a market maker, or, if agreed by the Company and
Roth Capital Partners, by any other method permitted by law, including but not limited to in negotiated transactions. Sales under
the EDA have been made and will be made pursuant to the 2014 shelf registration statement. As of March 31, 2014, we had sold
721,677 shares pursuant to the EDA for gross proceeds of approximately $2.6 million. We have not sold any shares under the EDA
since that date. We agreed not to use the EDA for a period of 120 days after our May 10, 2016 registered offering. 

On March 18, 2014, we sold 2,870,000
shares of our common stock, par value $0.001, in a registered direct offering pursuant to the 2014 shelf registration statement
(the Registered Direct Offering), at a price of $3.15 per share, resulting in gross proceeds of approximately $9.0 million. 

On May 10, 2016, in a registered offering
pursuant to the 2014 shelf registration statement, we sold 5,471,957 shares of our common stock (the Shares), at a purchase price
of $0.91375 per share. In a private placement concurrent with the sale of the Shares, we sold to the investors who purchased the
Shares warrants to purchase 4,103,968 shares of our common stock (the Warrants). The Shares and Warrants were sold pursuant to
a securities purchase agreement for aggregate gross proceeds of $5.0 million.  Subject to certain ownership limitations, the
Warrants will be initially exercisable on November 10, 2016 at an exercise price equal to $0.83 per share of common stock, subject
to adjustments as provided under the terms of the Warrants. The Warrants are exercisable until November 10, 2022. 

In connection with the offering of the
Shares and Warrants, we issued to the placement agent and its designees unregistered warrants to purchase an aggregate of 383,037
shares of our common (the Placement Agent Warrants). The Placement Agent Warrants have substantially the same terms as the Warrants,
except that the Placement Agent Warrants will expire on May 4, 2021 and have an exercise price equal to $1.1422 per share of common
stock. 

The net proceeds from the sale of the Shares
and the Warrants are $4.5 million after deducting certain fees due to the placement agent and our estimated transaction expenses.
We have also expensed $10,000 of previously capitalized 2014 Shelf Registration costs as a result of this offering. 

As of September 30, 2016, pursuant to the
Equity Distribution Agreement, the Registered Direct Offering, and the May 10, 2016 registered offering, we have sold 9,063,634
shares of our common stock since the 2014 shelf registration statement became effective on February 11, 2014 for gross proceeds
of $16.6 million.  These sales resulted in proceeds, net of issuance costs of approximately $15.1 million. 

Our estimated future capital requirements
are uncertain and could change materially as a result of many factors, including the progress of our research, development, clinical,
manufacturing, and commercialization activities. We currently estimate we will use between $6.0 million and $6.5 million of cash
during the four quarters ending September 30, 2017. Our estimate includes approximately $0.4 million in contractual obligations.
Based on this estimate we expect to have sufficient resources to fund our operations into 2018. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements and Contractual
Obligations  

We have no off-balance sheet financing arrangements other than
in connection with our operating leases, which are described in Note 7,   Commitments and Contingencies  , of the
Notes to Financial Statements included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015. 

Significant Accounting Policies and Estimates  

We
describe our significant accounting policies in Note 2,   Summary of Significant Accounting Policies  , of the Notes
to Financial Statements included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015. We discuss our
critical accounting estimates in Item 7,   Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results
of Operations  , in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015 . 

There have been no material changes in
our significant accounting policies or critical accounting estimates since the end of 2015. 

Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements  

For a discussion of recently issued accounting
pronouncements, refer to the section titled    Recent Accounting Pronouncements    within Note
1,   General  , of the Notes to Condensed Financial Statements in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 

ITEM 3.    QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET
RISK  

Not applicable. 

ITEM 4.    CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES  

As of September 30, 2016, under the supervision
and with the participation of our president, chief executive officer and corporate secretary (our principal executive officer)
and our sr. director, accounting   finance, corporate controller and treasurer (our principal financial officer), we have reviewed
and evaluated the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures. Based on that evaluation,
our president, chief executive officer and corporate secretary and our sr. director, accounting   finance, corporate controller
and treasurer have concluded that, as of September 30, 2016, these disclosure controls and procedures are effective at the reasonable
assurance level in alerting them in a timely manner to material information required to be included in our periodic reports filed
with the SEC. 

There were no changes in our internal control
over financial reporting identified in connection with the evaluation required by Rules 13a-15(d) and 15d-15(d) of the Exchange
Act of 1934, as amended, that occurred during the quarter ended September 30, 2016 that have materially affected, or are reasonably
likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

PART II. OTHER INFORMATION  

ITEM 1.    LEGAL PROCEEDINGS  

None 

ITEM 1A.    RISK FACTORS  

Investing in our securities involves a
high degree of risk. You should carefully consider the following discussion of risk factors, in its entirety, in addition
to the risk factors set forth in Item 1A of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015,
as well as other information contained in that report, in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September
30, 2016, and in the other reports we file with the SEC. 

Our common stock is at risk for delisting
from the NASDAQ Stock Market.  If it is delisted, our stock price and the liquidity of our common stock would be impacted.   

Our common stock is currently listed on
the NASDAQ Capital Market of the NASDAQ Stock Market (NASDAQ). Continued listing of a security on NASDAQ is conditioned upon compliance
with various continued listing standards. On January 11, 2016, the minimum bid price of our common stock on NASDAQ dropped below
$1.00 per share.  On February 24, 2016, we received notification from NASDAQ that the minimum bid price of our common stock
had remained below $1.00 per share for 30 consecutive business days, and we therefore are not in compliance with the minimum bid
price requirement for continued listing set forth in Marketplace Rule 5550(a)(2). The notification letter stated that we would
be afforded 180 calendar days, or until August 22, 2016, to regain compliance with the minimum bid price requirement.  On
August 23, 2016, we received notification from NASDAQ that we had been afforded a second 180 calendar day grace period, or until
February 21, 2017, to regain compliance. To regain compliance, the closing bid price of our common stock must meet or exceed $1.00
per share for at least ten consecutive business days.  NASDAQ may, in its discretion, require our common stock to maintain
a bid price of at least $1.00 per share for a period in excess of ten consecutive business days, but generally no more than 20
consecutive business days, before determining we have demonstrated an ability to maintain long-term compliance.  If we
do not regain compliance by February 21, 2017, the Listing Qualifications Department of NASDAQ has indicated it will provide written
notification to us that our common stock will be delisted. At that time, we may appeal the delisting determination to a NASDAQ
Hearings Panel (the Panel). Our common stock would remain listed pending the Panel s decision. 

Delisting from NASDAQ could adversely affect
our ability to raise additional financing through the public or private sale of equity securities, significantly affect the ability
of investors to trade our securities and negatively affect the value and liquidity of our common stock. Delisting could also have
other negative results, including the potential loss of confidence by employees, the loss of institutional investor interest, and
fewer business development opportunities. 

ITEM 2.    UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS  

None 

ITEM 3.    DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES  

None 

ITEM 4.    MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES  

None 

ITEM 5.    OTHER INFORMATION  

None 

ITEM 6.    EXHIBITS  

101.SCH  XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 

101.CAL  XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 

101.DEF  XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 

101.LAB  XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 

101.PRE  XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 

SIGNATURES  

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto
duly authorized. 

GENVEC, INC.   

(Registrant)   

Date:   November 4, 2016  
      By:  
      /s/ Douglas J. Swirsky   

Douglas J. Swirsky   

President, Chief Executive Officer, Corporate Secretary and Director   

Date:   November 4, 2016  
      By:  
      /s/ James V. Lambert   

James V. Lambert 
         Sr. Director, Accounting   Finance, Corporate Controller
        and Treasurer 
          (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer)    

<EX-31.1>
 2
 t1600685_ex31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 31.1  

CERTIFICATIONS  

 I, Douglas J. Swirsky, certify that: 

1.  I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of GenVec, Inc.;   

2.  Based on my knowledge, this quarterly report does not contain any untrue statement of a material
fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements
were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;   

3.  Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this
report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Registrant
as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;   

4.  The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial
reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the Registrant and have:   

a.)  Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures
to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the Registrant, including its consolidated
subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which the report is being
prepared;   

b.)  Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial
reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting
and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;   

c.)  Evaluated the effectiveness of the Registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented
in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered
by this report based on such evaluation; and   

d.)  Disclosed in this report any change in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting
that occurred during the Registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the Registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case
of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Registrant s internal
control over financial reporting; and   

5.  The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent
evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the Registrant s auditors and the Audit Committee of the Registrant s
Board of Directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):   

a.)  All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control
over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Registrant s ability to record, process, summarize
and report financial information; and   

b.)  Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant
role in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting.   

Date: November 4, 2016  
      /s/ Douglas J. Swirsky   

Douglas J. Swirsky   

President, Chief Executive Officer and Corporate Secretary 
          (Principal Executive Officer)    

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 t1600685_ex31-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 31.2  

CERTIFICATIONS  

I, James V. Lambert, certify that: 

1.  I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of GenVec, Inc.;   

2.  Based on my knowledge, this quarterly report does not contain any untrue statement of a material
fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements
were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;   

3.  Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this
report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Registrant
as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;   

4.  The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial
reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the Registrant and have:   

a.)  Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures
to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the Registrant, including its consolidated
subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which the report is being
prepared;   

b.)  Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial
reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting
and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;   

c.)  Evaluated the effectiveness of the Registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented
in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered
by this report based on such evaluation; and   

d.)  Disclosed in this report any change in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting
that occurred during the Registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the Registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case
of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Registrant s internal
control over financial reporting; and   

5.  The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent
evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the Registrant s auditors and the Audit Committee of the Registrant s
Board of Directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):   

a.)  All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control
over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Registrant s ability to record, process, summarize
and report financial information; and   

b.)  Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant
role in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting.   

Date: November 4, 2016  
      /s/ James V. Lambert   

James V. Lambert   

Sr. Director, Accounting   Finance, Corporate Controller
        and Treasurer 
          (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer)    

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 t1600685_ex32-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 32.1  

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO   

  18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,  

  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO  

  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT
OF 2002  

In connection with the Quarterly Report
of GenVec, Inc. (the  Registrant ) on Form 10-Q as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof
(the  Report ), I, Douglas J. Swirsky, as President, Chief Executive Officer and Corporate Secretary of the Registrant,
hereby certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002,
to my knowledge, that: 

(1)  The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934; and   

(2)  The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial
condition and results of operations of the Registrant.   

A signed original of this written statement
required by Section 906 has been provided to the Registrant and will be retained by the Registrant and furnished to the Securities
and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

Date: November 4, 2016  
      /s/ Douglas J. Swirsky   

Douglas J. Swirsky   

President, Chief Executive Officer and Corporate Secretary   

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 t1600685_ex32-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

Exhibit 32.2  

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO   

  18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,  

  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO  

  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT
OF 2002  

In connection with the Quarterly Report
of GenVec, Inc. (the  Registrant ) on Form 10-Q as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof
(the  Report ), I, James V. Lambert, as Sr. Director, Accounting   Finance, Corporate Controller and Treasurer
of the Registrant, hereby certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002, to my knowledge, that: 

(1)  The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934; and   

(2)  The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial
condition and results of operations of the Registrant.   

A signed original of this written statement
required by Section 906 has been provided to the Registrant and will be retained by the Registrant and furnished to the Securities
and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

Date: November 4, 2016  
      /s/ James V. Lambert   

James V. Lambert   

Sr. Director, Accounting   Finance, Corporate Controller
        and Treasurer 
          (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer)    

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 gnvc-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 gnvc-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 gnvc-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 gnvc-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 gnvc-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 gnvc-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

