<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161108_10-Q_edgar_data_746515_0000746515-16-000083_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>5253314</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>82929</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>238592</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1978972</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2169768</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>674545</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>21</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000746515-16-000083.hdr.sgml : 20161108
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161108163924
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000746515-16-000083
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		50
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161108
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161108

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			EXPEDITORS INTERNATIONAL OF WASHINGTON INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000746515
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	ARRANGEMENT OF TRANSPORTATION OF FREIGHT & CARGO [4731]
		IRS NUMBER:				911069248
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			WA
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-13468
		FILM NUMBER:		161981736

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1015 THIRD AVENUE 12TH FLOOR
		CITY:			SEATTLE
		STATE:			WA
		ZIP:			98104
		BUSINESS PHONE:		2066743400

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1015 THIRD AVENUE 12TH FLOOR
		CITY:			SEATTLE
		STATE:			WA
		ZIP:			98104

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000746515-16-000083.txt : 20161108

10-Q
 1
 a20163q10-q.htm
 10-Q

Document 

UNITED STATES 
  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
  Washington, D.C. 20549   
  ______________________________________ 
  FORM 10-Q 
  ______________________________________ 
     (Mark One) 

For the quarterly period ended   September 30, 2016    
  OR 

For the transition period from             to              
  Commission File Number: 0-13468 
  ___________________________________________ 
  EXPEDITORS INTERNATIONAL OF WASHINGTON, INC. 
  (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
  ___________________________________________ 

(206) 674-3400 
  (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
  ______________________________________________________ 
    
     Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes   x    No    o 
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes   x   No   o 
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): 
                            Large accelerated filer 
    x 

Accelerated filer 
       o 

Non-accelerated filer 
       o 
    (Do not check if a smaller reporting company) 
       
    Smaller reporting company 
       o 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).  
  Yes   o   No   x 
  At November 3, 2016, the number of shares outstanding of the issuer s Common Stock was   180,374,649  .                 

PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
   
  Item 1. Financial Statements 

EXPEDITORS INTERNATIONAL OF WASHINGTON, INC. 
  AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets 
  (In thousands, except per share data) 
  (Unaudited) 

See accompanying notes to condensed consolidated financial statements. 

2 

EXPEDITORS INTERNATIONAL OF WASHINGTON, INC. 
  AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  Condensed Consolidated Statements of Earnings 
  (In thousands, except per share data) 
  (Unaudited) 

See accompanying notes to condensed consolidated financial statements. 

3 

EXPEDITORS INTERNATIONAL OF WASHINGTON, INC. 
  AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 
  (In thousands) 
  (Unaudited) 

See accompanying notes to condensed consolidated financial statements. 

4 

EXPEDITORS INTERNATIONAL OF WASHINGTON, INC. 
  AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
  (In thousands) 
  (Unaudited) 

See accompanying notes to condensed consolidated financial statements. 
  
   5 

EXPEDITORS INTERNATIONAL OF WASHINGTON, INC. 
  AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
  (In thousands, except per share data) 
  (Unaudited) 

Note 1. 
    Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 
              A. 
    Basis of Presentation 
     Expeditors International of Washington, Inc. (the Company) is a non-asset based provider of global logistics services operating through a worldwide network of offices and exclusive or non-exclusive agents. The Company s customers include retailing and wholesaling, electronics, industrial and manufacturing companies around the world. 
  The condensed consolidated financial statements have been prepared pursuant to the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission. As a result, certain information and note disclosures normally included in financial statements prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States (U.S. GAAP) have been condensed or omitted. The Company believes that the disclosures made are adequate to make the information presented not misleading. The condensed consolidated financial statements reflect all adjustments, consisting of normal recurring items, which are, in the opinion of management, necessary to a fair statement of the results for the interim periods presented. These condensed consolidated financial statements should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and related notes included in the Company's Form 10-K as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 25, 2016.  
  All significant intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. All dollar amounts in the notes are presented in thousands except for per share data or unless otherwise specified.  
           B. 
    Accounts Receivable 
     The Company maintains an allowance for doubtful accounts, which is reviewed at least monthly for estimated losses resulting from the inability of its customers to make required payments for services and advances. Additional allowances may be necessary in the future if the ability of its customers to pay deteriorates. The Company has recorded an allowance for doubtful accounts in the amounts of   $10,238   as of   September 30, 2016   and   $7,820   as of   December 31, 2015  . Additions and write-offs have not been significant in the periods presented. 
           C. 
    Use of Estimates 
     The preparation of financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of the assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the period. The Company uses estimates primarily in the following areas: accounts receivable valuation, accrual of costs related to ancillary services the Company provides, accrual of liabilities for the portion of the related exposure which the Company has self-insured, accrual of various tax liabilities, accrual of loss contingencies and calculation of share-based compensation expense. Actual results could differ from those estimates. 

6 

Note 2. Share-Based Compensation 
  The Company provides compensation benefits by granting stock options and employee stock purchase rights to its employees and restricted shares to its directors. On   May 3, 2016  , the shareholders approved the 2016 Stock Option Plan, which made available   3 million   shares of the Company's common stock for purchase upon exercise of options granted. The Company has historically granted the majority of its options during the second quarter of each fiscal year and   2,973   and   2,956   options were granted in the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively. Stock options granted under the 2016 Stock Option Plan vest over   three years   from the date of grant as compared to   five years   for options granted in prior years. The grant of employee stock purchase rights and the issuance of shares under the employee stock purchase plan are made in the third quarter of each fiscal year and   703   and   699   were issued in the   nine-month   periods ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively. In the second quarter of 2016 and 2015, respectively,   41   and   34   fully vested shares were granted to non-employee directors. 
  The Company recognizes stock compensation expense based on an estimate of the fair value of awards granted to employees and directors under the Company s stock option, director restricted stock and employee stock purchase rights plans. This expense, adjusted for expected forfeitures, is recognized in net earnings on a straight-line basis over the stock awards' vesting periods as salaries and related costs.  
  The fair value of each option grant is estimated on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option pricing model with the following assumptions:  

Total stock compensation expense and the total related tax benefit recognized are as follows: 

7 

Note 3. Basic and Diluted Earnings per Share 
  The following table reconciles the numerator and the denominator of the basic and diluted per share computations for earnings attributable to shareholders: 

The following potential common shares have been excluded from the computation of diluted earnings per share because the effect would have been antidilutive: 

8 

Note 4. Components of Equity 
  The components of equity for the   nine   months ended   September 30,     2016   and   2015   are as follows: 

The Company has a Non-Discretionary Stock Repurchase Plan to repurchase shares from the proceeds of stock option exercises and employee stock purchases. During the   nine-month   periods ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  ,   2,822   and   2,243   shares were repurchased at an average price of   $49.84   and   $47.93   per share, respectively.  
  The Company also has a Discretionary Stock Repurchase Plan approved by the Board of Directors that authorizes management to reduce issued and outstanding stock down to   170 million   shares of common stock. During the   nine  -month periods ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  ,   2,579   and   6,396   shares were repurchased at an average price of   $49.41   and   $48.16   per share, respectively.  
  Accumulated other comprehensive loss consisted entirely of foreign currency translation adjustments, net of related income tax effects, for all the periods presented. 
  On   May 3, 2016  , the Board of Directors declared a semi-annual dividend of   $0.40   per share payable on   June 15, 2016   to shareholders of record as of   June 1, 2016  . On   May 6, 2015  , the Board of Directors declared a semi-annual cash dividend of   $0.36   per share payable on   June 15, 2015   to shareholders of record as of   June 1, 2015  . 
  Subsequent to the end of the third quarter, on   November 8, 2016  , the Board of Directors declared a semi-annual dividend of   $0.40   per share payable on   December 15, 2016   to shareholders of record as of   December 1, 2016  .  

9 

Note 5. Fair Value of Financial Instruments 
  The Company s financial instruments, other than cash, consist primarily of cash equivalents, short-term investments, accounts receivable, accounts payable and accrued expenses. The carrying value of these financial instruments approximates their fair value. All highly liquid investments with a maturity of three months or less at date of purchase are considered to be cash equivalents. Short-term investments have a maturity of greater than three months at date of purchase. Cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments consist of the following: 

The fair value of corporate commercial paper and time deposits is based on the use of market interest rates for identical or similar assets (Level 2 fair value measurement). 
   
  Note 6. Commitments 
  The Company generally enters into short-term, unconditional purchase obligations with asset-based providers reserving space on a guaranteed basis. The pricing of these obligations varies to some degree with market conditions. Historically, the Company has met these obligations in the normal course of business within one year. Purchase obligations outstanding as of   September 30, 2016   totaled   $148 million  . Additionally, the Company occupies offices and warehouse facilities under terms of operating leases expiring up to   2028  . At   September 30, 2016  , future minimum annual lease payments under all noncancelable leases are as follows: 

Note 7. Contingencies 
  The Company is involved in claims, lawsuits, government investigations and other legal matters that arise in the ordinary course of business and are subject to inherent uncertainties. Currently, in management's opinion and based upon advice from legal advisors, none of these matters are expected to have a significant effect on the Company's operations, cash flows or financial position. As of   September 30, 2016  , the amounts accrued for these claims, lawsuits, government investigations and other legal matters are not significant to the Company's operations or financial position. At this time, the Company is unable to estimate any additional loss or range of reasonably possible losses, if any, beyond the amounts recorded, that might result from the resolution of these matters.  
  
   10 

Note 8. Business Segment Information 
  The Company is organized functionally in geographic operating segments. Accordingly, management focuses its attention on revenues, net revenues   1   , operating income, identifiable assets, capital expenditures, depreciation and amortization and equity generated in each of these geographical areas when evaluating the effectiveness of geographic management. Transactions among the Company s various offices are conducted using the same arms-length pricing methodologies the Company uses when its offices transact business with independent agents. Certain costs are allocated among the segments based on the relative value of the underlying services, which can include allocation based on actual costs incurred or estimated cost plus a profit margin. 
  Financial information regarding the Company s operations by geographic area is as follows: 

11 

_______________________  

1   Net revenues are a non-GAAP measure calculated as revenues less directly related operations expenses attributable to the Company's principal services. The Company's management believes that net revenues are a better measure than total revenues when evaluating the Company's operating segment performance since total revenues earned as a freight consolidator include the carriers' charges for carrying the shipment, whereas revenues earned in other capacities include primarily the commissions and fees earned by the Company. Net revenue is one of the Company's primary operational and financial measures and demonstrates the Company's ability to concentrate and leverage purchasing power through effective consolidation of shipments from customers utilizing a variety of transportation carriers and optimal routings. 

12 

The following table presents the calculation of consolidated net revenues: 

13 

Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
  SAFE HARBOR FOR FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS UNDER PRIVATE SECURITIES LITIGATION REFORM ACT OF 1995; CERTAIN CAUTIONARY STATEMENTS 
  Certain portions of this report on Form 10-Q including the sections entitled  Overview,  "Expeditors' Culture and Strategy," "International Trade and Competition," "Seasonality,"  Critical Accounting Estimates,  "Recent Accounting Pronouncements,"  Results of Operations,   Currency and Other Risk Factors  and  Liquidity and Capital Resources  contain forward-looking statements. Words such as "will likely result", "are expected to", "would expect", "would not expect", "will continue", "is anticipated", "estimate", "project", "plan", "believe", "probable", "reasonably possible", "may", "could", "should", "intends", "foreseeable future" and variations of such words and similar expressions are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. In addition, any statements that refer to projections of future financial performance, our anticipated growth and trends in the Company's businesses, and other characterizations of future events or circumstances are forward-looking statements. These statements must be considered in connection with the discussion of the important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking statements. Attention should be given to the factors identified and discussed in the Company's annual report on Form 10-K filed on February 25, 2016. 
   
  Overview 
  Expeditors International of Washington, Inc. is a global logistics company. The Company's services include air and ocean freight consolidation and forwarding, customs clearance, warehousing and distribution, purchase order management, vendor consolidation, time-definite transportation services, cargo insurance and other logistics solutions. The Company does not compete for overnight courier or small parcel business. As a non-asset based carrier, the Company does not own or operate transportation assets. 
  The Company derives its revenues from three principal sources: 1) airfreight services, 2) ocean freight and ocean services, and 3) customs brokerage and other services. These are the revenue categories presented in the financial statements. 
  The Company generates the major portion of its air and ocean freight revenues by purchasing transportation services on a wholesale basis from direct (asset-based) carriers and reselling those services to its customers on a retail basis. The difference between the rate billed to customers (the sell rate) and the rate paid to the carrier (the buy rate) is termed  net revenue  (a non-GAAP measure),  yield  or  margin.  By consolidating shipments from multiple customers and concentrating its buying power, the Company is able to negotiate favorable buy rates from the direct carriers, while at the same time offering lower sell rates than customers would otherwise be able to negotiate themselves. The most significant drivers of changes in gross revenues and related transportation expenses are volume, sell rates and buy rates. Volume has a similar effect on the change in both gross revenues and related transportation expenses in each of the Company's three primary sources of revenue. 
  In most cases the Company acts as an indirect carrier. When acting as an indirect carrier, the Company will issue a House Airway Bill (HAWB), a House Ocean Bill of Lading (HOBL) or a House Seaway Bill to customers as the contract of carriage. In turn, when the freight is physically tendered to a direct carrier, the Company receives a contract of carriage known as a Master Airway Bill for airfreight shipments and a Master Ocean Bill of Lading for ocean shipments. In these transactions, the Company evaluates whether it is appropriate to record the gross or net amount as revenue. Generally, revenue is recorded on a gross basis when the Company is the primary obligor, it is obligated to compensate direct carriers for services performed regardless of whether customers accept the service, has latitude in establishing price, has discretion in selecting the direct carrier, has credit risk or has several but not all of these indicators. Revenue is generally recorded on a net basis where the Company is not primarily obligated and does not have latitude in establishing prices. Such amounts earned are determined using a fixed fee, a per unit of activity fee or a combination thereof. 
  For revenues earned in other capacities, for instance, when the Company does not issue a HAWB, a HOBL or a House Seaway Bill or otherwise acts solely as an agent for the shipper, only the commissions and fees earned for such services are included in revenues. In these transactions, the Company is not a principal and reports only commissions and fees earned in revenue.  
  Customs brokerage and other services involve providing services at destination, such as helping customers clear shipments through customs by preparing and filing required documentation, calculating and providing for payment of duties  and other taxes on behalf of customers as well as arranging for any required inspections by governmental agencies, and arranging for delivery. These are complicated functions requiring technical knowledge of customs rules and regulations in the multitude of countries in which the Company has offices. 
  The Company is managed along five geographic areas of responsibility: Americas; North Asia; South Asia; Europe; and Middle East, Africa and India (MAIR). Each area is divided into sub-regions which are composed of operating units with individual profit and loss responsibility. The Company s business involves shipments between operating units that typically  
  
   14 

involve more than one geographic area. The nature of the international logistics business necessitates a high degree of communication and cooperation among operating units. Because of this inter-relationship between operating units, it is very difficult to examine any one geographic area and draw meaningful conclusions as to its contribution to the Company s overall success on a stand-alone basis.  
  The Company s operating units share revenue using the same arms-length pricing methodologies the Company uses when its offices transact business with independent agents. Certain costs are allocated among the segments based on the relative value of the underlying services, which can include allocation based on actual costs incurred or estimated cost plus a profit margin. The Company s strategy closely links compensation with operating unit profitability. Individual success is closely linked to cooperation with other operating units within the network. 
  The mix of services varies by segment based primarily on the import or export orientation of local operations in each region. In accordance with the Company's revenue recognition policy (see Note 1. E.   to the consolidated financial statements in the Company's annual report on Form 10-K filed on February 25, 2016  ), almost all freight revenues and related expenses are recorded at origin and shipment profits are split between origin and destination offices by recording a commission fee or profit share revenue at destination and a corresponding commission or profit share expense as a component of origin consolidation costs. 
   
  Expeditors' Culture and Strategy 
  From the inception of the Company, management has believed that the elements required for a successful global service organization can only be assured through recruiting, training, and ultimately retaining superior personnel. The Company s greatest challenge is now and always has been perpetuating a consistent global corporate culture which demands: 
             
    Total dedication, first and foremost, to providing superior customer service; 
                
    Compliance with Company policies and government regulations; 
                
    Aggressive marketing of all of the Company s service offerings; 
                
    Ongoing development of key employees and management personnel via formal and informal means; 
                
    Creation of unlimited advancement opportunities for employees dedicated to hard work, personal growth and continuous improvement; 
                
    Individual commitment to the identification and mentoring of successors for every key position so that when inevitable change occurs, a qualified and well-trained internal candidate is ready to step forward; and  
                
    Continuous identification, design and implementation of system solutions, both technological and otherwise, to meet and exceed the needs of the Company's customers while simultaneously delivering tools to make the Company's employees more efficient and more effective. 
     The Company reinforces these values with a compensation system that rewards employees for profitably managing the things they can control. This compensation system has been in place since the Company became a publicly traded entity. There is no limit to how much a key, non-executive manager can be compensated for success. The Company believes in a  real world  environment in every operating unit where individuals are not sheltered from the profit implications of their decisions. If these decisions result in operating losses, management must make up these losses with future operating profits, in the aggregate, before any cash incentive compensation can be earned. Executive management, in limited circumstances, makes exceptions at the branch operating unit level. At the same time, the Company insists on continued focus on such things as accounts receivable collection, cash flow management and credit soundness in an attempt to insulate managers from the sort of catastrophic errors that might end a career. 
  The Company believes that any failure to perpetuate this unique culture on a self-sustained basis throughout the Company quite possibly provides a greater threat to the Company s continued success than any external force, which would be largely beyond its control. The Company strongly believes that it is nearly impossible to predict events that, in the aggregate, could have a positive or a negative impact on future operations. As a result, management's focus is on building and maintaining a global corporate culture and an environment where well-trained employees and managers are prepared to identify and react to changes as they develop and thereby help the Company adapt and thrive as major trends emerge. 
  The Company's business growth strategy emphasizes a focus on the right markets and, within each market, on the right customers to drive profitable business growth. The Company s teams are aligned on the specific markets of its focused priorities; on the targeted accounts within those markets; and on ways that the Company can continue to differentiate itself from its competitors. 
  The Company s ability to provide services to its customers is highly dependent on good working relationships with a variety of entities including airlines, steamship lines, ground transportation providers and governmental agencies. The significance of maintaining acceptable working relationships with these entities has gained increased importance as a result of ongoing concern over terrorism and increased governmental regulation and oversight of international trade. A good reputation  
  
   15 

helps to develop practical working understandings that will assist in meeting security requirements while minimizing potential international trade obstacles, especially as governments promulgate new regulations and increase oversight and enforcement of new and existing laws. The Company considers its current working relationships with these entities to be satisfactory.  
  The Company's business is also dependent on the financial stability and operational capabilities of the carriers it utilizes. Over the last two years, airline profitability has improved, although many air carriers remain highly leveraged with debt. Moreover, the ocean steamship line industry has incurred substantial losses in recent years, many carriers are highly leveraged with debt and certain carriers are facing significant liquidity challenges, such as those that led to the Hanjin bankruptcy filing that occurred on August 31, 2016. This situation requires that the Company be selective in determining which carriers to utilize. Further changes in the financial stability, operating capabilities and capacity of asset-based carriers, space allotments available from carriers, governmental regulations, and/or trade accords could adversely affect the Company s business in unpredictable ways. 
   
  International Trade and Competition 
  The Company operates in over 60 countries in the competitive global logistics industry and Company activities are closely tied to global trade. International trade is influenced by many factors, including economic and political conditions in the United States and abroad, currency exchange rates, laws and policies relating to tariffs, trade restrictions, foreign investments and taxation. Periodically, governments consider a variety of changes to current tariffs and trade restrictions and accords. The Company cannot predict which, if any, of these proposals may be adopted or the effects the adoption of any such proposal will have on the Company s business. Doing business in foreign locations also subjects the Company to a variety of risks and considerations not normally encountered by domestic enterprises. In addition to being influenced by governmental policies concerning international trade and commerce, the Company s business may also be affected by political developments and changes in government personnel or policies, as well as economic turbulence, political unrest and security concerns in the nations in which it does business and the future impact that these events may have on international trade and oil prices.  
  The global logistics services industry is intensely competitive and is expected to remain so for the foreseeable future. Consistent with continuing uncertainty in global economic conditions, concerns over volatile fuel costs, disruptions in port services, political unrest and fluctuating currency exchange rates, the Company s pricing and terms continue to be pressured by customers, carriers and service providers. We expect these competitive conditions to continue. 
  There is uncertainty as to how changes in oil prices will impact future buy rates. Because fuel is an integral part of carriers' costs and impacts both the Company's cargo space buy rates and its sell rates to customers, the Company would expect its gross revenues and costs to be impacted as carriers adjust rates for the effect of changing fuel prices. The Company would not expect an adverse effect on net revenues resulting from changes in oil prices. 
  The global economic environment remains uncertain and trade growth continues to slow. The Company cannot predict what impact this may have on its operating results, freight volumes, pricing, changes in consumer demand, carrier stability and capacity, customers  abilities to pay or on changes in competitors' behavior. Additionally, the Company cannot predict the direct or indirect impact that changes in consumer purchasing behavior, such as on-line shopping, could have on it. 
   
  Seasonality 
  Historically, the Company s operating results have been subject to seasonal trends with the first quarter being the weakest and the third and fourth quarters being the strongest; however, there is no assurance this seasonal trend will occur in the future. This pattern has been the result of, or influenced by, numerous factors including weather patterns, national holidays, consumer demand, new product launches, economic conditions and a myriad of other similar and subtle forces. In addition, this historical quarterly trend has been influenced by the growth and diversification of the Company s international network and service offerings.  
  A significant portion of the Company s revenues are derived from customers in the retail and consumer technology industries whose shipping patterns are tied closely to consumer demand, and from customers in industries whose shipping patterns are dependent upon just-in-time production schedules. Therefore, the timing of the Company s revenues are, to a large degree, impacted by factors out of the Company s control, such as a sudden change in consumer demand for retail goods, product launches and/or manufacturing production delays. Additionally, many customers ship a significant portion of their goods at or near the end of a quarter and, therefore, the Company may not learn of a shortfall in revenues until late in a quarter.  
  
   16 

To the extent that a shortfall in revenues or earnings was not expected by securities analysts or investors, any such shortfall from levels predicted by securities analysts or investors could have an immediate and adverse effect on the trading price of the Company s stock. The Company cannot accurately forecast many of these factors or estimate accurately the relative influence of any particular factor and, as a result, there can be no assurance that historical patterns will continue in future periods. 
   
  Critical Accounting Estimates 
  The preparation of consolidated financial statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States requires that the Company make estimates and judgments. The Company bases its estimates on historical experience and on assumptions that it believes are reasonable. The Company's critical accounting estimates are discussed in Part II, Item 7, "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" section of the Company's annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015  , filed on February 25, 2016. There have been no material changes to the critical accounting estimates previously disclosed in that report. 
  Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
  In May 2014, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) issued an Accounting Standard Update (ASU) amending revenue recognition guidance and requiring related detailed disclosures to enable users of financial statements to understand the nature, amount, timing and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows arising from contracts with customers. This ASU is effective for the Company beginning on January 1, 2018. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of adopting the ASU on its consolidated financial statements and related disclosures. However, at this time, based on the nature of the Company's operations, the adoption is not expected to have a material impact on the amount or timing of revenue recognized or the Company's revenue recognition policies. 
  In November 2015, the FASB issued an ASU simplifying the accounting for income taxes by requiring all deferred tax assets and liabilities to be classified as non-current on the consolidated balance sheet. The Company expects to adopt this ASU in the fourth quarter of 2016. The Company is currently evaluating the method of adoption and expects this ASU will have an impact on its consolidated balance sheets as its current deferred tax assets were approximately   $20 million   and non-current deferred tax liabilities were   $32 million   as of   September 30, 2016  . 
    
  In February 2016, the FASB issued an ASU changing the accounting for leases and including a requirement to record all leases on the consolidated balance sheet as assets and liabilities. The ASU is effective for the Company beginning on January 1, 2019. Adoption of the ASU will impact the Company s consolidated balance sheets as future minimum lease payments under noncancelable leases totaled   $196 million   as of   September 30, 2016  . The Company is currently evaluating the full impact that the adoption of this ASU will have on its consolidated financial statements and related disclosures. 
    
  In March 2016, the FASB issued an ASU simplifying the accounting for stock compensation. The ASU also amends the classification of excess tax benefits both in accounting for income taxes and on the statement of cash flows. The Company expects to adopt this ASU in the first quarter of 2017. The Company is currently evaluating the impact this ASU will have on its consolidated financial statements. 

Results of Operations 
  The following table shows revenues and directly related expenses for the Company's principal services and total net revenues (a non-GAAP measure calculated as revenues less directly related operations expenses attributable to the Company's principal services) and the Company s expenses for the three and   nine-month   periods ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , expressed as percentages of net revenues. Management believes that net revenues are a better measure than total revenues when analyzing and discussing management's effectiveness in managing the Company's principal services since total revenues earned by the Company as a freight consolidator include the carriers  charges to the Company for carrying the shipment, whereas revenues earned by the Company in its other capacities include primarily the commissions and fees actually earned by the Company. Net revenue is one of the Company's primary operational and financial measures that demonstrates the ability of the Company to manage sell rates to customers with its ability to concentrate and leverage its purchasing power through effective consolidation of shipments from multiple customers utilizing a variety of transportation carriers and optimal routings. Using net revenue also provides a commonality for comparison among various services. 
  The table and the accompanying discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with the condensed consolidated financial statements and related notes thereto which appear elsewhere in this quarterly report. 

Airfreight services: 
  Airfreight services revenues decreased 6% and 14%, respectively,   in the three and   nine-month   periods ended   September 30, 2016  , as compared with the same periods for   2015  , primarily as a result of lowering average sell rates in response to competitive market conditions. Average sell rates in the third quarter were comparable with the prior quarters of   2016  . Airfreight tonnage increased 7% in the third quarter of   2016   and remained flat in the first nine months of   2016  . Airfreight services expenses decreased 4% and 17%, respectively, in the three and   nine-month   periods of   2016  , as a result of favorable buying opportunities throughout most regions due primarily to excess available carrier capacity. Average buy rates in the third quarter were comparable with the prior quarters of   2016  . While not possible to quantify, sell rates and tonnage were favorably impacted in the first nine months of   2015   by customers converting a portion of their ocean freight shipments to airfreight due to port disruptions on the U.S. West Coast. 
  Airfreight services net revenues decreased 9% for the three-month period ended   September 30, 2016  , as compared with the same period for   2015  . This was principally due to a 17% decrease in net revenue per kilo, partially offset by a 7% increase in tonnage. Average net revenue per kilo declined in most regions primarily due to competitive market conditions and rapid changes in carrier pricing caused by sporadic increases in demand. North America net revenues decreased by 6% while tonnage remained flat. North Asia, South Asia and Europe net revenues decreased 15%, 14% and 3%, respectively, despite tonnage increases of 7%, 15% and 10%. 
  Airfreight services net revenues decreased 8% for the   nine-month   period ended   September 30, 2016  , as compared with the same period for   2015  . This decrease was principally due to a 10% decrease in net revenue per kilo. North America net revenues decreased by 9% due principally to a 6% decrease in tonnage. North Asia, South Asia and Europe net revenues decreased by 12%, 9% and 2%, respectively, due principally to competitive market conditions that resulted in lower average net revenue per kilo, partially offset by 2%, 2% and 1% increases in tonnage.  
  Aside from temporary disruptions such as those experienced with U.S. West Coast ports in 2015, the Company expects the global airfreight market to continue to be affected by carrier overcapacity and the timing of new product launches. Customers remain focused on improving supply-chain efficiency, reducing overall logistics costs by negotiating lower rates and utilizing ocean freight whenever possible. The Company expects these trends to continue in conjunction with carriers' efforts to manage available capacity. However, this could be affected by new product launches during periods that have historically experienced higher demands. Historically, the Company has experienced lower airfreight margins in the fourth quarter as seasonal volumes increase and carriers correspondingly increase buy rates. These events, should they occur, could create a higher degree of volatility in volumes and ultimately buy and sell rates. 
  Ocean freight and ocean services: 
  Ocean freight consolidation, direct ocean forwarding and order management are the three basic services that constitute and are collectively referred to as ocean freight and ocean services. Ocean freight and ocean services revenues decreased 12% and 17%, respectively, for the three and   nine-month   periods ended   September 30, 2016  , as compared with the same periods in   2015  , as the Company continued to lower average sell rates to customers in response to competitive market conditions and lower available buy rates from carriers. Container volume increased 3% and remained flat, respectively, in the third quarter and first nine months of   2016  . Ocean freight and ocean services expenses decreased 13% and 22%, respectively, for the three and   nine-month   periods ended   September 30, 2016  , due to lower average buy rates, resulting from carrier overcapacity.  
  Ocean freight and ocean services net revenues decreased 6% and remained flat, respectively, for the three and   nine-month   periods ended   September 30, 2016  , as compared with the same periods for   2015  . The largest component of the Company's ocean freight net revenue was derived from ocean freight consolidation, which represented 48% and 50% of ocean freight net revenue for the   nine-month   periods ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively. 
  Ocean freight consolidation net revenues decreased 15% in the third quarter of   2016  , as compared with the same period in   2015  , due primarily to an 18% decrease in net revenue per container, partially offset by a 3% increase in volume. During the latter part of the third quarter of   2016  , the Company experienced a spike in average buy rates that began with the Hanjin bankruptcy on August 31, 2016. Ocean freight consolidation net revenues decreased 3% for the   nine-month   period ended   September 30, 2016  , as compared with the same period in   2015  . This decrease was due primarily to a 3% decrease in net revenue per container, while volume remained constant. Direct ocean freight forwarding net revenues decreased 4% and 3%, respectively, for the three and   nine-month   periods ended   September 30, 2016  , as compared with the same periods in   2015  , due to lower volumes principally in North America. Order management net revenues increased 11% and 10%, respectively, for the three and   nine-month   periods ended   September 30, 2016  , mostly resulting from higher volumes with new and existing customers, primarily in North Asia and South Asia. 
  North America ocean freight and ocean services net revenues decreased 9% in the third quarter of   2016   due to lower margins in ocean freight consolidation. In the first nine months of   2016  , ocean freight and ocean services net revenues in North America decreased 2%, primarily due to lower direct ocean forwarding volumes. North Asia net revenues decreased 3% and 1%, respectively, for the three and nine-month periods of   2016  . Lower margins in the third quarter more than offset the 2% growth in volume in the three months ended   September 30, 2016  . Europe net revenues decreased 11% and 2%, respectively, for the three and nine-month periods of   2016   as lower direct ocean forwarding volumes more than offset growth from order management in the third quarter and ocean freight consolidation in the nine-month period.  
  The Company expects pricing volatility to continue as customers increasingly solicit bids and carriers react to current market conditions, including carrier liquidity challenges, such as the Hanjin bankruptcy filing and realignment of carrier alliances. These conditions could result in lower revenues and yields. 
  Customs brokerage and other services: 
  Customs brokerage and other services revenues increased 3% and 2%, respectively, for the three and   nine-month   periods ended   September 30, 2016  , as compared with the same periods in   2015  , as a result of increased volumes from existing and new road freight customers. Customs brokerage and other services expenses increased 6% and 1%, respectively, for the three and   nine-month   periods ended   September 30, 2016  , as compared with the same periods for   2015  , principally as a result of an increase in road freight volumes. 
  Customs brokerage and other services net revenues increased 1% and 2%, respectively, for the three and   nine-month   periods ended   September 30, 2016  , as compared with the same periods in   2015  , primarily as a result of an increase in road freight volumes. North America net revenues increased 2% and 4%, respectively, for the three and   nine-month   periods ended   September 30, 2016  , as compared with the same periods for   2015  , primarily as a result of volumes from existing and new customers in road freight and lower import service costs. Europe net revenues increased 1% in the third quarter due to higher road freight services and remained flat for the nine-month period. North Asia net revenues increased 3% and 8% in the three and nine-month periods, respectively, due to growth in import and warehouse and distribution services. 
  Overhead expenses: 
  Salaries and related costs decreased 1% for the three months ended   September 30, 2016  , as compared with the same period in   2015  , primarily due to reduced bonuses from lower operating income, partially offset by an increase in workforce. Salaries and related costs increased 1% for the   nine-month   period ended   September 30, 2016  , as compared with the same period in   2015  , principally as a result of an increase in the number of employees, primarily in North America and Europe, partially offset by reduced bonuses from lower operating income. 
  Historically, the relatively consistent relationship between salaries and net revenues is the result of a compensation philosophy that has been maintained since the inception of the Company: offer a modest base salary and the opportunity to share in a fixed and determinable percentage of the operating profit of the business unit controlled by each key employee. Using this compensation model, changes in individual incentive compensation will occur in proportion to changes in Company operating income, creating a direct alignment between corporate performance and shareholder interests. Bonuses to field and executive management for the   nine-month   period ended   September 30, 2016   were down 9% as compared with the same period for   2015  , primarily as a result of an 8% decrease in operating income. The Company s management incentive compensation programs have always been incentive-based and performance driven and there is no built-in bias that favors or enriches management in a manner inconsistent with overall corporate performance. Salaries and related costs as a percentage of net revenues increased 1% and 2%, respectively, for the three and nine-month periods ended   September 30, 2016  , as compared with the same periods for   2015  . 
  Because the Company s management incentive compensation programs are also cumulative, no management bonuses can be paid unless the relevant business unit is, from inception, cumulatively profitable. Any operating losses must have been offset in their entirety by operating profits before management is eligible for a bonus. Executive management, in limited circumstances, makes exceptions at the branch operating unit level. Since the most significant portion of management compensation comes from the incentive bonus programs, the Company believes that this cumulative feature is a disincentive to excessive risk taking by its managers. Due to the nature of the Company s services, it has a short operating cycle. The outcome of most higher risk transactions, such as overriding established credit limits, would be known in a relatively short time frame. Management believes that when the potential and certain impact on the bonus is fully considered in light of this short operating cycle, the potential for short term gains that could be generated by engaging in risky business practices is sufficiently mitigated to discourage excessive and inappropriate risk taking. Management believes that both the stability and the long term growth in revenues, net revenues and net earnings are a result of the incentives inherent in the Company s compensation program.  
  Other overhead expenses increased 5% and 1%, respectively, for the three and   nine-month   periods ended   September 30, 2016  , as compared with the same periods in   2015  . The increase in expenses was primarily due to higher rent and maintenance costs, bad debt and technology fees in both the three and nine-month periods. Lower business taxes in the third quarter and recovery of legal and related costs in the first half of   2016   partially offset these increases. Other overhead expenses increased 2% and remained constant, respectively, as a percentage of net revenues for the three and   nine-month   periods ended   September 30, 2016  , when compared with the same periods in   2015  . 
  Income tax expense: 
  The Company pays income taxes in the United States and other jurisdictions. The Company s consolidated effective income tax rate was   36.9%   and   37.0%  , respectively, for the three and   nine-month   periods ended   September 30, 2016  , and   38.0%   and   37.6%   for the same periods in   2015  . The Company's effective tax rate is subject to variation and the rate can be more or less volatile based on the amount of pre-tax income or loss. For example, the impact of discrete items and non-deductible expenses on the effective tax rate is greater when pre-tax income is lower. 

17 

Currency and Other Risk Factors 
  The nature of the Company's worldwide operations necessitates the Company dealing with a multitude of currencies other than the U.S. dollar. This results in the Company being exposed to the inherent risks of volatile international currency markets and governmental interference. Some of the countries where the Company maintains offices and/or agency relationships have strict currency control regulations which influence the Company's ability to hedge foreign currency exposure. The Company tries to compensate for these exposures by accelerating international currency settlements among its offices or agents. The Company may enter into foreign currency hedging transactions where there are regulatory or commercial limitations on the Company's ability to move money freely around the world or the short-term financial outlook in any country is such that hedging is the most time-sensitive way to mitigate short-term exchange losses. Any such hedging activity during the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015   was insignificant. The Company had no foreign currency derivatives outstanding at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  . During the   third   quarter of   2016   total net foreign currency gains, including amounts recorded in revenues, operating expenses and other income, net, were less than $1 million. For the nine months ended   September 30, 2016  , total net foreign currency losses were approximately   $1 million  . During the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  , total net foreign currency gains were   $4 million   and   $7 million  , respectively.  
  International air and ocean freight forwarding and customs brokerage are intensively competitive and are expected to remain so for the foreseeable future. There are a large number of entities competing in the international logistics industry, many of which have significantly more resources than the Company; however, the Company s primary competition is confined to a relatively small number of companies within this group. The industry continues to experience consolidations into larger firms striving for stronger and more complete multinational and multi-service networks. However, regional and local brokers and forwarders remain a competitive force. 
  The primary competitive factors in the international logistics industry continue to be price and quality of service, including reliability, responsiveness, expertise, convenience, and scope of operations. The Company emphasizes quality customer service and believes that its prices are competitive with those of others in the industry. Customers regularly solicit bids from competitors in order to improve service, pricing and contractual terms such as seeking longer payment terms and fixed price arrangements, higher or unlimited liability limits and performance penalties. Increased competition and competitors' acceptance of less favorable contractual terms could result in reduced revenues, reduced margins, higher operating costs or lower volumes, any of which would damage the Company's results of operations and financial condition. 
  Larger customers utilize more sophisticated and efficient procedures for the management of their logistics supply chains by embracing strategies such as just-in-time inventory management. The Company believes that this trend has resulted in customers using fewer service providers with greater technological capability and more consistent global coverage. Accordingly, sophisticated computerized customer service capabilities and a stable worldwide network have become significant factors in attracting and retaining customers. Developing and maintaining these systems and a worldwide network has added a considerable indirect cost to the services provided to customers. Smaller and middle-tier competitors, in general, do not have the resources available to develop customized systems and a worldwide network. 
   
  Liquidity and Capital Resources 
  The Company s principal source of liquidity is cash and cash equivalents, short-term investments and cash generated from operating activities. Net cash provided by operating activities for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   was   $116 million   and   $457 million  , respectively, as compared with   $133 million   and   $449 million   for the same periods in   2015  . The decrease of   $17 million   in the third quarter of   2016   is primarily due to lower earnings and changes in working capital accounts. The increase of   $8 million   for the   nine  -month period ended   September 30, 2016   is primarily due to changes in working capital accounts, partially offset by lower earnings. At   September 30, 2016  , working capital was   $1,308 million  , including cash and cash equivalents of   $1,043 million  . The Company had no long-term debt at   September 30, 2016  . Management believes that the Company s current cash position and operating cash flows will be sufficient to meet its capital and liquidity requirements for at least the next 12 months and thereafter for the foreseeable future, including meeting any contingent liabilities related to standby letters of credit and other obligations. 
  As a customs broker, the Company makes significant cash advances for a select group of its credit-worthy customers. These cash advances are for customer obligations such as the payment of duties and taxes to customs and tax authorities in various countries throughout the world. Cash advances are a  pass through  and are not recorded as a component of revenue and expense. The billings of such advances to customers are accounted for as a direct increase in accounts receivable from the customer and a corresponding increase in accounts payable to governmental authorities. As a result of these  pass through  billings, the conventional Days Sales Outstanding or DSO calculation does not directly measure collection efficiency. For customers that meet certain criteria, the Company has agreed to extend payment terms beyond its customary terms. Management believes that the Company has effective credit control procedures, and historically has experienced relatively insignificant collection problems.  
  The Company s business is subject to seasonal fluctuations. Cash flow fluctuates as a result of this seasonality. Historically, the first quarter shows an excess of customer collections over customer billings. This results in positive cash flow. The increased activity associated with peak season (typically commencing late second or early third quarter and continuing well into the fourth quarter) causes an excess of customer billings over customer collections. This cyclical growth in customer receivables consumes available cash. 
  Cash used in investing activities for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   was   $11 million   and   $35 million  , respectively, compared to cash provided of   $27 million   and cash used of   $2 million   in the same periods of   2015  . The Company made minor net investments in short-term investments for both the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   compared to net proceeds from short-term investments of $39 million and $32 million for the same periods in   2015  . The Company had capital expenditures of   $13 million   and   $40 million  , respectively, for the   three and nine  -month periods ended   September 30, 2016  , as compared with capital expenditures of   $10 million   and   $32 million   for the same periods in   2015  . Capital expenditures in the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   related primarily to investments in technology, office and warehouse furniture and equipment and building and leasehold improvements. The Company does have need, on occasion, to purchase buildings to house staff and to facilitate the staging of customers  freight. Total capital expenditures in   2016   are currently estimated to be $60 million. This includes routine capital expenditures plus additional real estate development. 
  Cash used in financing activities during the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   was   $44 million   and   $193 million  , respectively, as compared with   $155 million   and   $369 million   for the same periods in   2015  . The Company uses the proceeds from stock option exercises, employee stock purchases and available cash to repurchase the Company s common stock on the open market to reduce outstanding shares. During the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , the Company used cash to repurchase   2.0 million   and   5.4 million   shares, respectively, to reduce the number of total outstanding shares, compared to   4.3 million   and   8.6 million   shares in the same periods in   2015  . 
  The Company follows established guidelines relating to credit quality, diversification and maturities of its investments to preserve principal and maintain liquidity. The Company s investment portfolio has not been adversely impacted by the disruption in the credit markets. However, there can be no assurance that the Company s investment portfolio will not be adversely affected in the future. 
  The Company maintains international unsecured bank lines of credit. At   September 30, 2016  , the Company was contingently liable for $72 million from standby letters of credit and guarantees. The standby letters of credit and guarantees relate to obligations of the Company s foreign subsidiaries for credit extended in the ordinary course of business by direct carriers, primarily airlines, and for duty and tax deferrals available from governmental entities responsible for customs and value-added-tax (VAT) taxation. The total underlying amounts due and payable for transportation and governmental excises are properly recorded as obligations in the books of the respective foreign subsidiaries, and there would be no need to record additional expense in the unlikely event the parent company is required to perform. 
  At   September 30, 2016  , the Company s contractual obligations are as follows: 

The Company generally enters into short-term unconditional purchase obligations with asset-based providers reserving space on a guaranteed basis. The pricing of these obligations varies to some degree with market conditions. The Company only enters into agreements that management believes the Company can fulfill. Also, in October 2016 the Company entered into a $51 million ( 45 million) contractual agreement to construct a building in Europe.  
  The Company's foreign subsidiaries regularly remit dividends to the U.S. parent company after evaluating their working capital requirements and needs to finance local capital expenditures. In some cases, the Company s ability to repatriate funds from foreign operations may be subject to foreign exchange controls. At   September 30, 2016  , cash and cash equivalent balances of   $546 million   were held by the Company s non-United States subsidiaries, of which   $66 million   was held in banks in the United States. Earnings of the Company's foreign subsidiaries are not considered to be indefinitely reinvested outside of the United States and, accordingly, a deferred tax liability has been accrued for all undistributed earnings, net of foreign related tax credits that are available to be repatriated.  
   
  Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
  The Company is exposed to market risks in the ordinary course of its business. These risks are primarily related to foreign exchange risk and changes in short-term interest rates. The potential impact of the Company s exposure to these risks is presented below: 
  Foreign Exchange Risk 
  The Company conducts business in many different countries and currencies. The Company s business often results in billings issued in a country and currency which differs from that where the expenses related to the service are incurred. In the ordinary course of business, the Company creates numerous intercompany transactions and may have receivables, payables and currencies that are not denominated in the local functional currency. This brings foreign exchange risk to the Company s earnings. The principal foreign exchange risks to which the Company is exposed are in Chinese Yuan, Euro, Mexican Peso, Canadian Dollar and British Pound.  
  Foreign exchange rate sensitivity analysis can be quantified by estimating the impact on the Company s earnings as a result of hypothetical changes in the value of the U.S. dollar, the Company s functional currency, relative to the other currencies in which the Company transacts business. All other things being equal, an average 10% weakening of the U.S. dollar, throughout the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , would have had the effect of raising operating income approximately   $35 million  . An average 10% strengthening of the U.S. dollar, for the same period, would have the effect of reducing operating income approximately   $29 million  . This analysis does not take into account changes in shipping patterns based upon this hypothetical currency fluctuation. For example, a weakening in the U.S. dollar would be expected to increase exports from the United States and decrease imports into the United States over some relevant period of time, but the exact effect of this change cannot be quantified without making speculative assumptions. 
  The Company currently does not use derivative financial instruments to manage foreign currency risk and only enters into foreign currency hedging transactions in limited locations where regulatory or commercial limitations restrict the Company s ability to move money freely. Any such hedging activity during the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015   was insignificant. During the   third   quarter of   2016   total net foreign currency gains, including amounts recorded in revenues, operating expenses and other income, net, were less than $1 million. For the nine months ended   September 30, 2016  , total net foreign currency losses were approximately   $1 million  . During the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  , total net foreign currency gains were   $4 million   and   $7 million  , respectively. The Company had no foreign currency derivatives outstanding at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  . The Company instead follows a policy of accelerating international currency settlements to manage foreign exchange risk relative to intercompany billings. As of   September 30, 2016  , the Company had approximately   $13 million   of net unsettled intercompany transactions. The majority of intercompany billings are resolved within 30 days. 
  Interest Rate Risk 
  At   September 30, 2016  , the Company had cash and cash equivalents and short term investments of   $1,043 million  , of which   $592 million   was invested at various short-term market interest rates. The Company had no long-term debt at   September 30, 2016  . A hypothetical change in the interest rate of 10 basis points at   September 30, 2016   would not have a significant impact on the Company s earnings. In management s opinion, there has been no material change in the Company s interest rate risk exposure in the   third   quarter of   2016  . 
   
  Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
  Evaluation of Controls and Procedures 
  The Company carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of its management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(e)) as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based upon that evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that the Company s disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of the end of the period covered by this report at the reasonable assurance level. 
  
   18 

Changes in Internal Controls 
  There were no changes in the Company s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the most recent fiscal quarter that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 
  The Company is developing a new accounting system which it is implementing on a worldwide basis over the next several years. This system is expected to improve the efficiency of certain financial and transactional processes and reporting. This transition is affecting the processes that constitute the Company's internal control over financial reporting. Prior to implementing new functionalities, applicable controls are tested for operating effectiveness. 
  The Company's management has confidence in the Company s internal controls and procedures. Nevertheless, the Company s management, including the Company s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, does not expect that the Company s disclosure controls and procedures or the Company s internal controls will prevent all errors or intentional fraud. An internal control system, no matter how well-conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of such internal controls are met. Further, the design of an internal control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all internal control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all the Company s control issues and instances of fraud, if any, have been detected. 

19 

PART II. OTHER INFORMATION 
   
  Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
  The Company is involved in claims, lawsuits, government investigations and other legal matters that arise in the ordinary course of business and are subject to inherent uncertainties. Currently, in management's opinion and based upon advice from legal advisors, none of these matters are expected to have a significant effect on the Company's operations, cash flows or financial position. As of   September 30, 2016  , the amounts accrued for these claims, lawsuits, government investigations and other legal matters are not significant to the Company's operations or financial position. At this time, the Company is unable to estimate any additional loss or range of reasonably possible losses, if any, beyond the amounts recorded, that might result from the resolution of these matters.  
   
  Item 1A. Risk Factors 
  There have been no material changes in the Company s risk factors from those disclosed in the Company's annual report on Form 10-K filed on February 25, 2016. 

Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
  ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

In November 1993, the Company s Board of Directors authorized a Non-Discretionary Stock Repurchase Plan for the purpose of repurchasing the Company s common stock in the open market with the proceeds received from the exercise of stock options. On February 9, 2009, the Plan was amended to increase the authorization to repurchase up to 40 million shares of the Company s common stock. This authorization has no expiration date. This plan was disclosed in the Company s annual report on Form 10-K filed on March 31, 1995. In the   third   quarter of   2016  ,   1,167,891   shares of common stock were repurchased under the Non-Discretionary Stock Repurchase Plan. 
  In November 2001, under a Discretionary Stock Repurchase Plan, the Company s Board of Directors authorized the repurchase of the Company's common stock in the open market to reduce the issued and outstanding stock down to 200 million shares. In February 2014, the Board of Directors authorized repurchases down to 190 million shares of common stock. In February and August 2015 and May 2016, the Board of Directors further authorized repurchases down to 188 million, 180 million and 170 million, respectively. The maximum number of shares available for repurchase under this plan will increase as the total number of outstanding shares increases. This authorization has no expiration date. In the   third   quarter of   2016  ,   819,724   shares of common stock were repurchased under the Discretionary Stock Repurchase Plan. These discretionary repurchases included   319,724   shares that were made to limit the growth in the number of issued and outstanding shares resulting from stock option exercises and exercise of employee stock purchase rights and   500,000   shares to reduce the number of total shares outstanding. 
   
  Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
   Not applicable. 
   
  Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
   Not applicable. 
   
  Item 5. Other Information 
           (a) 
    Not applicable 
              (b) 
    Not applicable 
     
   20 

Item 6. Exhibits 
  Exhibits required by Item 601 of Regulation S-K. 
                   Exhibit Number 
       
    Description 
      3.2 
      
    The Company's Amended and Restated Bylaws (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to Form 8-K filed on or about August 5, 2016.) 

31.1 
       
    Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

31.2 
       
    Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

32 
       
    Certification Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, As Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

101.INS 
       
    XBRL Instance Document 

101.SCH 
       
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 

101.CAL 
       
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 

101.DEF 
       
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 

101.LAB 
       
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 

101.PRE 
       
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

21 

SIGNATURES 
  Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

EXPEDITORS INTERNATIONAL OF WASHINGTON, INC. 

November 8, 2016 
      
    /s/ JEFFREY S. MUSSER 

Jeffrey S. Musser, President, Chief Executive Officer and Director 

November 8, 2016 
      
    /s/ BRADLEY S. POWELL 

Bradley S. Powell, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

22 

EXPEDITORS INTERNATIONAL OF WASHINGTON, INC. 
  AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  Form 10-Q Index and Exhibits 
  September 30, 2016    
    
                   Exhibit Number 
       
    Description 
      31.1 
       
    Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

31.2 
       
    Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

32 
       
    Certification Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, As Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

101.INS 
       
    XBRL Instance Document 

101.SCH 
       
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 

101.CAL 
       
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 

101.DEF 
       
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 

101.LAB 
       
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 

101.PRE 
       
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

23 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 a20163qex-311.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 

EXHIBIT 31.1 
    
  CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
  PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE 
  SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
  I, Jeffrey S. Musser, certify that: 
           1. 
    I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Expeditors International of Washington, Inc.; 
              2. 
    Based on my knowledge, this quarterly report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this quarterly report; 
              3. 
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this quarterly report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this quarterly report; 
              4. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
              a) 
    Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this quarterly report is being prepared; 
              b) 
    Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
              c) 
    Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this quarterly report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this quarterly report based on such evaluation; and 
              d) 
    Disclosed in this quarterly report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
              5. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
       
           a) 
    All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
       
           b) 
    Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
       
  Date:   November 8, 2016    
    
               /  S  / JEFFREY S. MUSSER 
      Jeffrey S. Musser 
  President, Chief Executive Officer and Director 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 a20163qex-312.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 

EXHIBIT 31.2 
    
  CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
  PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE 
  SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
  I, Bradley S. Powell, certify that: 
           1. 
    I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Expeditors International of Washington, Inc.; 
              2. 
    Based on my knowledge, this quarterly report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this quarterly report; 
              3. 
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this quarterly report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this quarterly report; 
              4. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
              a) 
    Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this quarterly report is being prepared; 
              b) 
    Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
              c) 
    Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this quarterly report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this quarterly report based on such evaluation; and 
              d) 
    Disclosed in this quarterly report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
              5. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
              a) 
    All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
              b) 
    Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
       
  Date:   November 8, 2016    
    
               /  S  / BRADLEY S. POWELL 
      Bradley S. Powell 
  Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32>
 4
 a20163qex-32.htm
 EXHIBIT 32

Exhibit 

EXHIBIT 32 
    
  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
  18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
  In connection with the Quarterly Report of Expeditors International of Washington, Inc. (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended   September 30, 2016  , as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), we, Jeffrey S. Musser, President, Chief Executive Officer and Director, and Bradley S. Powell, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 
           1. 
    The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 
              2. 
    The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
       
                 November 8, 2016 
    /  S  / JEFFREY S. MUSSER 
        
    Jeffrey S. Musser 
  President, Chief Executive Officer and Director 

November 8, 2016 
    /  S  / B  RADLEY   S. P  OWELL 
        
    Bradley S. Powell 
  Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.INS>
 5
 expd-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 expd-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 expd-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 expd-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 expd-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 expd-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

