<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161102_10-Q_edgar_data_1062613_0001062613-16-000179_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>4986271</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>222622</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>301669</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1620437</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1911548</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>822696</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>41</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001062613-16-000179.hdr.sgml : 20161102
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161102161356
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001062613-16-000179
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		60
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161102
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161102

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			FAIRPOINT COMMUNICATIONS INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001062613
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	TELEPHONE COMMUNICATIONS (NO RADIO TELEPHONE) [4813]
		IRS NUMBER:				133725229
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-32408
		FILM NUMBER:		161967967

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		521 EAST MOREHEAD ST
		STREET 2:		STE 250
		CITY:			CHARLOTTE
		STATE:			NC
		ZIP:			28202
		BUSINESS PHONE:		7043448150

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		521 EAST MOREHEAD ST
		STREET 2:		STE 250
		CITY:			CHARLOTTE
		STATE:			NC
		ZIP:			28202

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	MJD COMMUNICATIONS INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19980527

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001062613-16-000179.txt : 20161102

10-Q
 1
 a2016930-10q.htm
 10-Q

Document 

Table of Contents  

UNITED STATES 
  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
  Washington, D.C. 20549 
   ______________________________________________________________________ 
     FORM 10-Q 
  ________________________________________________________________    
  (Mark One) 

For the quarterly period ended   September 30, 2016    
  OR 

For the transition period from          to          
  Commission File Number 001-32408 
  ______________________________________________________________________ 
     FairPoint Communications, Inc. 
  (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
   ______________________________________________________________________ 

(704) 344-8150 
  (Registrant's telephone number, including area code) 
     ______________________________________________________________________ 
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.    Yes    x      No    o 
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).    Yes    x      No    o 
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of "large accelerated filer," "accelerated filer" and "smaller reporting company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
                           Large accelerated filer 
      
    o 
      
    Accelerated filer 
      
    x 

Non-accelerated filer 
      
    o    (Do not check if a smaller reporting company) 
      
    Smaller reporting company 
      
    o 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).    Yes    o      No    x 
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed all documents and reports required to be filed by Sections 12, 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 subsequent to the distribution of securities under a plan confirmed by a court.    Yes    x      No    o 
  As of   October 28, 2016  , there were   27,073,540   shares of the registrant's common stock, par value $0.01 per share, outstanding. 

Table of Contents  

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 
       PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION  
      
      Item 1. 
     Financial Statements  

Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2016 (Unaudited) and December 31, 2015  
    5 
        
     Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 (Unaudited)  
    6 
        
     Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income/(Loss) for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 (Unaudited)  
    7 
        
     Condensed Consolidated Statement of Stockholders' Deficit for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 (Unaudited)  
    8 
        
     Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 (Unaudited)  
    9 
        
     Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited)  
    10 
      Item 2. 
    Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
    21 
      Item 3. 
     Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk  
    40 
      Item 4. 
     Controls and Procedures  
    41 
       PART II. OTHER INFORMATION  
      
      Item 1. 
     Legal Proceedings  
    41 
      Item 1A. 
     Risk Factors  
    42 
      Item 2. 
     Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds  
    42 
      Item 3. 
     Defaults Upon Senior Securities  
    42 
      Item 4. 
     Mine Safety Disclosures  
    42 
      Item 5. 
     Other Information  
    42 
      Item 6. 
     Exhibits  
    42 
        
     Signatures  
    43 

2 

Table of Contents  

CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
  Some statements in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended   September 30, 2016   (this "Quarterly Report") are known as "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act"), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"). These forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements about our plans, objectives, expectations and intentions and other statements contained in this Quarterly Report that are not historical facts. When used in this Quarterly Report, the words  expects,   anticipates,   intends,   plans,   believes,   seeks,   estimates , "should", "could", "may", "will" and similar expressions are generally intended to identify forward-looking statements. Because these forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties, there are important factors that could cause actual results, events or developments to differ materially from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements, including factors discussed under  Item 1A. Risk Factors  in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015   (the "  2015   Annual Report") and other parts of this Quarterly Report and the factors set forth below:  
             
    future performance generally and our share price as a result thereof; 
                
    any change in strategic direction, including as a result of mergers, acquisitions or dispositions; 
                
    restrictions imposed by the agreements governing our indebtedness; 
                
    our ability to satisfy certain financial covenants included in the agreements governing our indebtedness; 
                
    financing sources and availability, and future interest expense; 
                
    our ability to repay or refinance our indebtedness; 
                
    our ability to fund substantial capital expenditures; 
                
    anticipated business development activities and future capital expenditures; 
                
    the effects of regulation and enforcement, including changes in federal and state regulatory policies, procedures and their enforcement mechanisms including but not limited to the availability and levels of regulatory support payments and penalties associated with performance; 
                
    our ability to satisfy our Connect America Fund ("CAF") Phase II obligations; 
                
    adverse changes in economic and industry conditions, and any resulting financial or operational impact, in the markets we serve; 
                
    labor matters, including workforce levels, our workforce reduction initiatives, labor negotiations and any resulting financial or operational impact; 
                
    material technological developments and changes in the communications industry, including declines in access lines;  
                
    disruption of our third party suppliers' provisioning of critical products or services; 
                
    change in preference and use by customers of alternative technologies; 
                
    the effects of competition on our business and market share; 
                
    our ability to overcome changes to or pressure on pricing and their impact on our profitability; 
                
    intellectual property infringement claims by third parties; 
                
    failure of, or attack on, our information technology infrastructure; 
                
    risks related to our reported financial information and operating results; 
                
    availability of net operating loss ("NOL") carryforwards to offset anticipated tax liabilities; 
                
    the impact of changes in assumptions on our ability to meet obligations to our company-sponsored qualified pension plans and other post-employment benefit plans; 
                
    the impact of lump sum payments under certain of our company-sponsored qualified pension plans on future pension contributions;  
                
    the effects of severe weather events, such as hurricanes, storms, tornadoes and floods, terrorist attacks, cyber-attacks or other natural or man-made disasters; and 
                
    changes in accounting assumptions that regulatory agencies, including the Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC"), may require or that result from changes in the accounting rules or their application, which could result in an impact on earnings. 

3 

     Table of Contents  

You should not place undue reliance on such forward-looking statements, which are based on the information currently available to us and speak only as of the date on which this Quarterly Report was filed with the SEC. We undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, changes in our expectations or otherwise, except as required by law. However, your attention is directed to any further disclosures made on related subjects in our subsequent reports filed with the SEC on Forms 10-K, 10-Q and 8-K. 
    
  Except as otherwise required by the context, references in this Quarterly Report to: 
             
    "FairPoint Communications" refers to FairPoint Communications, Inc., excluding its subsidiaries. 
                
    "FairPoint," the "Company," "we," "us" or "our" refer to the combined business of FairPoint Communications, Inc. and all of its subsidiaries after giving effect to the merger on March 31, 2008 with Northern New England Spinco Inc., a subsidiary of Verizon Communications Inc. ("Verizon"), which transaction is referred to herein as the "Merger". 
                
    "Northern New England operations" refers to the local exchange business acquired from Verizon and certain of its subsidiaries after giving effect to the Merger. 
                
    "Telecom Group" refers to FairPoint, exclusive of the acquired Northern New England operations. 
     
   4 

Table of Contents  

PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
   
   Item 1. Financial Statements 
   
  FAIRPOINT COMMUNICATIONS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets 
  September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015    
  (in thousands, except share data) 

See accompanying notes to condensed consolidated financial statements (unaudited). 
  5 

Table of Contents  

FAIRPOINT COMMUNICATIONS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations 
  Three and Nine Months ended     September 30, 2016   and   2015 
  (Unaudited) 
  (in thousands, except per share data) 

See accompanying notes to condensed consolidated financial statements (unaudited). 
  6 

Table of Contents  

FAIRPOINT COMMUNICATIONS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income/(Loss) 
  Three and Nine Months ended     September 30, 2016   and   2015 
  (Unaudited) 
  (in thousands) 

See accompanying notes to condensed consolidated financial statements (unaudited). 
  7 

Table of Contents  

FAIRPOINT COMMUNICATIONS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  Condensed Consolidated Statement of Stockholders' Deficit 
  Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016    
  (Unaudited) 
  (in thousands) 

See accompanying notes to condensed consolidated financial statements (unaudited). 
  8 

Table of Contents  

FAIRPOINT COMMUNICATIONS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
  Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016   and   2015 
  (Unaudited) (in thousands) 

See accompanying notes to condensed consolidated financial statements (unaudited). 
  9 

Table of Contents  

FAIRPOINT COMMUNICATIONS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED 
  FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Unaudited) 

(1) Organization and Principles of Consolidation 
  Organization 
    FairPoint is a leading provider of advanced communications services to business, wholesale and residential customers within its service territories. FairPoint offers its customers a suite of advanced data services such as Ethernet, high capacity data transport and other IP-based services over an extensive fiber network with more than   21,000   miles of fiber optic cable, including approximately   17,000   miles of fiber optic cable in Maine, New Hampshire and Vermont, in addition to Internet access, high-speed data ("HSD") and local and long distance voice services. As of   September 30, 2016  , FairPoint's service territory spanned   17   states where it is the incumbent communications provider, primarily serving rural communities and small urban markets. Many of its local exchange carriers ("LECs") have served their respective communities for more than   80   years. As of   September 30, 2016  , the Company operated with approximately   310,000   broadband subscribers, approximately   15,400   Ethernet circuits and approximately   377,000   residential voice lines.  
  Principles of Consolidation 
  The condensed consolidated financial statements include all majority-owned subsidiaries of the Company. Partially owned equity affiliates are accounted for under the cost method or equity method when the Company demonstrates significant influence, but does not have a controlling financial interest. Intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated upon consolidation. 
   
  (2) Significant Accounting Policies 
  (a) Presentation and Use of Estimates 
  The accompanying condensed consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America and the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission for interim financial reporting. Accordingly, certain information and footnote disclosures have been condensed or omitted for this quarterly report and should be read in conjunction with the Company's audited consolidated financial statements and related notes included in the Company's annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015  .  The condensed consolidated balance sheet as of   December 31, 2015   is derived from audited financial statements. 
  The condensed consolidated financial statements reflect all adjustments that, in the opinion of management, are necessary for a fair presentation of results of operations and financial condition for the interim periods shown, including normal recurring accruals and other items.  Interim results are not necessarily indicative of results for a full year and actual results could differ from those estimates.   
  (b) Revenue Recognition 
  Revenues are recognized as services are rendered and are primarily derived from the usage of the Company's networks and facilities or under revenue-sharing arrangements with other communications carriers. Revenues are primarily derived from: voice services, access (including pooling), certain Connect America Fund ("CAF") receipts, Internet and broadband services and other miscellaneous services. Local access charges are billed to local end users under tariffs approved by each state's Public Utilities Commission ("PUC") or by rates, terms and conditions determined by the Company. Access revenues are derived for the intrastate jurisdiction by billing access charges to interexchange carriers and to other LECs. These charges are billed based on toll or access tariffs approved by the local state's PUC. Access charges for the interstate jurisdiction are billed in accordance with tariffs filed by the National Exchange Carrier Association ("NECA") or by the individual company and approved by the Federal Communications Commission (the "FCC").  On July 14, 2016, the FCC adopted a Declaratory Order that classifies switched access services provided by Incumbent LECs as non-dominant services.  This change in classification will not impact rates or revenues as the rates continue to be subject to rules established for all access providers pursuant to the Intercarrier Compensation transition rules adopted in 2011. 
  Revenues are determined on a bill-and-keep basis or a pooling basis. If on a bill-and-keep basis, the Company bills the charges to the customer and keeps the revenue. If the Company participates in a pooling environment (interstate or intrastate), the revenue from the covered services is contributed to a revenue pool. The revenue is then distributed to individual companies based on their company-specific revenue requirement or similar distribution methods. This distribution is based on individual state  
  
   10 

     Table of Contents  

PUCs' (intrastate) or the FCC's (interstate) approved settlement mechanisms, separation rules and rates of return. Distribution from these pools can change relative to changes made to expenses, plant investment or rate-of-return. Some companies participate in federal and certain state universal service programs that are pooling in nature but are regulated by rules separate from those described above. These rules vary by state. Revenues earned through the various pooling arrangements are initially recorded based on the Company's estimates.   
  On November 18, 2011, the FCC released its comprehensive landmark order to modify the nationwide system of universal support and the CAF/intercarrier compensation ("ICC") system (the "CAF/ICC Order"). Rule changes associated with the FCC's CAF/ICC Order impact the NECA interstate pooling, in that a portion of the Company's interstate Universal Service Fund ("USF") revenues, which are administered through the NECA pools and which prior to January 1, 2012 were based on costs, are now based on rules from the FCC's CAF/ICC Order, including CAF Phase II support where FairPoint accepted CAF Phase II support, continued CAF Phase I frozen support where FairPoint did not accept CAF Phase II support and CAF/ICC rules in states where FairPoint is eligible for such support under the ICC Transition Rules for price cap and rate-of-return carriers.  FairPoint accepted CAF Phase II support in all states except Kansas and Colorado.  The CAF Phase II revenue is being recognized on a straight-line basis, ratably over the six-year period in which the funding will be received.  The accepted transition funding is being recognized monthly as received over the three-year transition period ending in July 2018. The Company is required to meet certain interim milestones over the six-year period of CAF Phase II and the Company performs a quarterly assessment of its progress.  
  Revenue from long distance switched retail and wholesale services can be recurring due to coverage under an unlimited calling plan or can be usage sensitive. In either case, they are billed in arrears and recognized when earned. Internet and data services revenues are substantially all recurring revenues and are billed one month in advance and deferred until earned. 
  As of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , unearned revenue of   $20.4 million   and   $19.9 million  , respectively, was included in other accrued liabilities and unearned revenue of   $5.4 million   and   $7.6 million  , respectively, was included in other long-term liabilities on the condensed consolidated balance sheets.  
  The majority of the Company's other miscellaneous services revenue is generated from ancillary special projects at the request of third parties, video services, directory services and late payment charges to end users and wholesale carriers. The Company generally requires customers to pay for ancillary special projects in advance. As of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , customer deposits of   $3.0 million   and   $2.1 million  , respectively, were included in other accrued liabilities on the condensed consolidated balance sheets. Once the ancillary special project is completed or substantially complete and all project costs have been accumulated for proper accounting recognition, the advance payment is recognized as revenue with any overpayments refunded to the customer, as appropriate. The Company recognizes revenue upon the provision of video services in certain markets by reselling DirecTV and providing cable and IP television video-over-digital subscriber line services. The Company also publishes telephone directories in some of its Telecom Group markets and recognizes revenues associated with these publications evenly over the time period covered by the directory, which is typically twelve months. The Company bills late payment fees to customers who have not paid their bills in a timely manner. In general, late payment fee revenue is recognized based on collection of these charges.  
  Non-recurring customer activation fees, along with the related costs up to, but not exceeding, the activation fees, are deferred and amortized over the customer relationship period. 
  Under the Maine Public Utilities Commission ("MPUC") rules (Chapter 201), which went into effect August 1, 2014, the MPUC may open an investigation regarding the failure to meet any of the established SQI benchmarks and has the authority to impose penalties.  The MPUC opened an investigation into the Company's failure to meet some third quarter 2014 SQI benchmarks and subsequently opened an investigation into the fourth quarter of 2014 and then with respect to each of the quarterly periods in 2015. On March 29, 2016, the MPUC consolidated the investigations of the six quarters into one investigation. On September 14, 2016, a hearing examiner for the MPUC issued a report recommending that the MPUC find that FairPoint had failed to meet SQI benchmarks for the period under review and impose a   $500,000   penalty as allowed by statute, and provided until October 7, 2016 for comments or exceptions to be filed by interested parties.  This recommendation does not constitute MPUC action.  The Company promptly filed a motion to implement adjudicatory procedures prior to entry of any final order.  As of October 4, 2016, the Hearing Examiner has suspended the deadline for filing comments or exceptions to the examiner s report until further notice, pending responses to and resolution of FairPoint s request for additional adjudicatory procedures.  Subsequent legislation in Maine has superseded the SQI benchmarks applied in the examiner s report. Effective with the new legislation, the reporting of service quality will be required only in the areas of the state where Provider of Last Resort ("POLR") is still required and will be filed and treated as confidential.  The number of SQI reporting metrics has been reduced and the benchmarks are less stringent than under previous Commission rules. 
  The Company also adopted a separate performance assurance plan ("PAP") for certain services provided on a wholesale basis to competitive local exchange carriers ("CLECs") in each of the states of Maine, New Hampshire and Vermont. Pursuant to the PAPs, FairPoint was required to provide service credits in the event the Company was unable to meet the provisions of the respective PAP.       Effective June 1, 2015, the PAP was retired and the Company began measuring and reporting certain wholesale  
  
   11 

     Table of Contents  

local service performance results pursuant to the terms of a simplified measurement plan.  The new plan, called the Wholesale Performance Plan ("WPP"), was developed collaboratively with CLECs over several years and was approved by the Maine, New Hampshire and Vermont regulatory commissions. Under the WPP, the Company is subject to significantly fewer performance criteria and its annual service credit exposure was reduced.  
  In evaluating the presentation of taxes and surcharges, such as USF charges, sales, use, value added and some excise taxes, we determine whether we are the primary obligor or principal taxpayer.  In jurisdictions where we deem that we are the principal taxpayer, we record these taxes and surcharges on a gross basis and include them in our revenues and costs of services and sales. In jurisdictions where we determine that we are a pass through agent for the government authority, we record the taxes on a net basis through the condensed consolidated balance sheets. 
  Customer arrangements that include both equipment and services are evaluated to determine whether the elements are separable. If the elements are deemed separable and separate earnings processes exist, the revenue associated with each element is allocated to each element based on the relative estimated selling price of the separate elements. The Company has estimated the selling prices of each element by reference to vendor-specific objective evidence of selling prices when the elements are sold separately. The revenue associated with each element is then recognized as earned.  
  Management makes estimated adjustments, as necessary, to revenue and accounts receivable for billing errors, including certain disputed amounts. 
  (c) Accounts Receivable 
  Accounts receivable are recorded at the invoiced amount and do not bear interest. The allowance for doubtful accounts is recorded as a contra-asset of accounts receivable and represents the Company's best estimate of probable credit losses in the Company's existing accounts receivable. The Company establishes an allowance for doubtful accounts based upon factors surrounding the credit risk of specific customers, historical trends, and other information. Accounts receivable balances are reviewed on an aged basis and account balances are written off against the allowance after all means of collection have been exhausted and the potential for recovery is considered remote. 
  (d) Accounting for Income Taxes 
  Income taxes are accounted for under the asset and liability method. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases and operating loss and tax credit carryforwards. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in income in the period that includes the enactment date. 
  In assessing the realizability of deferred tax assets, management considers whether it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. The ultimate realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon the generation of future taxable income during the periods in which those temporary differences become deductible. Management determines its estimates of future taxable income based upon the scheduled reversal of deferred tax liabilities and tax planning strategies. The Company establishes valuation allowances for deferred tax assets when it is estimated to be more likely than not that the tax assets will not be realized. 
  In determining the income tax provision, a reserve for uncertain tax positions is established unless management determines that such positions are more likely than not to be sustained upon examination by the taxing authorities, based on their merits.  There is considerable judgment involved in determining whether positions taken on the Company s tax return are more likely than not to be sustained. 
  (e) Operating Segments 
  Management views its business of providing data, video and voice communications services to residential, wholesale and business customers as   one   operating segment  .   The Company's services consist of retail and wholesale communications and data services, including voice and HSD in   17   states. The Company's chief operating decision maker assesses operating performance and allocates resources based on the consolidated results. 
  (f) Interest Rate Swap Agreements 
  In the third quarter of 2013, the Company entered into interest rate swap agreements. For further information regarding these interest rate swap agreements,   see   note (7) "Interest Rate Swap Agreements." The interest rate swap agreements, at their inception, qualified for and were designated as cash flow hedging instruments. The Company records its interest rate swaps on the condensed  
  
   12 

     Table of Contents  

consolidated balance sheets at fair value. The effective portion of changes in fair value are recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income and are subsequently reclassified into earnings in the period that the hedged forecasted transaction affects earnings. Any ineffective portion is recognized in earnings. Both at inception and on a quarterly basis, the Company performs an effectiveness test.  
   
  (3) Recent Accounting Pronouncements  
  In May 2014, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ("FASB") issued Accounting Standards Update ("ASU") 2014-09, Revenue from Contracts with Customers, which is designed to clarify the principles used to recognize revenue for entities. The accounting guidance defines how companies report revenues from contracts with customers and also requires enhanced disclosures. In July 2015, the FASB approved a one-year deferral of the effective date of ASU 2014-09. Subsequently, the FASB has issued several additional ASUs to clarify the implementation guidance on principal versus agent considerations, identifying performance obligations, assessing collectability, presentation of sales taxes and other similar taxes collected from customers, non-cash considerations, contract modifications and completed contracts at transition. The new pronouncements will be effective for annual and interim periods beginning on or after December 15, 2017 and allows for two methods of adoption: (1) "full retrospective" adoption, meaning the standard is applied to all periods presented, or (2) "modified retrospective" adoption, meaning the cumulative effect of applying ASU 2014-09 is recognized as an adjustment to the fiscal year 2018 opening retained earnings balance. The Company is evaluating the potential impact of these pronouncements and the Company's method of adoption.  
  In August 2014, the FASB issued ASU 2014-15, Disclosure of Uncertainties about an Entity's Ability to Continue as a Going Concern, which requires management to evaluate whether there is substantial doubt about an entity s ability to continue as a going concern and to provide related footnote disclosures in certain circumstances. ASU 2014-15 is effective for annual and interim periods beginning after December 15, 2016 with early adoption permitted. The Company does not believe the adoption of this pronouncement will have a material impact on its condensed consolidated financial statements.  
  In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-02, Leases, whereby, lessees will be required to recognize for all leases at the commencement date a lease liability, which is a lessee's obligation to make lease payments arising from a lease, measured on a discounted basis; and a right-of-use asset, which is an asset that represents the lessee s right to use, or control the use of, a specified asset for the lease term.  Under the new guidance, lessor accounting is largely unchanged.  A modified retrospective transition approach for leases existing at, or entered into after, the beginning of the earliest comparative period presented in the financial statements must be applied. The modified retrospective approach would not require any transition accounting for leases that expired before the earliest comparative period presented. Companies may not apply a full retrospective transition approach. ASU 2016-02 is effective for annual and interim periods beginning after December 15, 2018. Early application is permitted.  The Company is evaluating the potential impact of this pronouncement.  
  In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-09, Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting, which simplifies several aspects of the accounting for share-based payment award transactions, including, but not limited to: (a) income tax consequences; (b) classification of awards as either equity or liabilities; and (c) classification on the statement of cash flows.  ASU 2016-09 is effective for annual and interim periods beginning after December 15, 2016.  The Company does not believe the adoption of this pronouncement will have a material impact on its condensed consolidated financial statements.  
   
  (4) Dividends 
  The Company currently does not pay a dividend on its common stock and has no plans to pay dividends.  
  
   13 

Table of Contents  

(5) Income Taxes 
  The Company recorded tax expense on the pre-tax net income for the   three months ended September 30, 2016   of   $17.2 million   and tax benefit on the pre-tax net income for the   three months ended September 30, 2015   of   $0.7 million  , which equates to an effective tax rate of   29.9%   and   (1.2)%  , respectively, by applying the projected full year effective rate.  Tax expense of   $37.6 million   on the pre-tax net income for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   and tax benefit of   $0.6 million   on the pre-tax net income for the   nine months ended September 30, 2015   equates to an effective tax rate of   29.9%   and   (1.2)%  , respectively, by applying the projected full year effective rate.  For   2016  , the projected annual effective tax rate differs from the   35%   federal statutory rate primarily due to a decrease in the valuation allowance offset by tax expense related to state taxes. For   2015  , the projected annual effective tax rate differs from the   35%   federal statutory rate primarily due to a decrease in the valuation allowance offset by tax expense related to state taxes.  
  Deferred Income Taxes  
  At   September 30, 2016  , the Company had gross federal NOL carryforwards of   $294.7 million  . The Company's remaining federal NOL carryforwards will expire from   2019   to   2036  .  At   September 30, 2016  , the Company had a net, after attribute reduction, state NOL deferred tax asset of   $12.0 million  .  The Company's remaining state NOL carryforwards will expire from   2016   to   2036  ; the amount that will expire in 2016 is negligible. At   September 30, 2016  , the Company had no alternative minimum tax credit carryover and had   $5.1 million   in state credit carryovers. Telecom Group completed an initial public offering on February 8, 2005, which resulted in an "ownership change" within the meaning of the United States of America federal income tax laws addressing NOL carryforwards, alternative minimum tax credits and other similar tax attributes. The Merger and the Company's emergence from Chapter 11 protection also resulted in ownership changes. As a result of these ownership changes, there are specific limitations on the Company's ability to use its NOL carryforwards and other tax attributes. The Company believes that it can use the NOLs even with these restrictions in place. 
  Valuation Allowance.   At   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , the Company established a valuation allowance against its deferred tax assets of   $33.5 million   and   $25.1 million  , respectively, which consist of a   $23.7 million   and   $14.7 million   federal allowance, respectively, and a   $9.8 million   and   $10.4 million   state allowance, respectively.  
  Income Tax Returns 
  The Company and its eligible subsidiaries file consolidated income tax returns in the United States of America federal jurisdiction and certain consolidated, combined and separate entity tax returns, as required, with various state and local governments. Based solely on statutes of limitations, the Company would not be subject to United States of America federal, state and local, or non-United States of America income tax examinations by tax authorities for years prior to 2011. However, tax years prior to 2011 may be subject to examination by federal or state taxing authorities if the Company's NOL carryovers from those years are utilized in the future.  As of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , the Company does not have any significant jurisdictional income tax audits. 
  
   14 

Table of Contents  

(6) Long-term Debt 
  Long-term debt for the Company at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015   is shown below (in thousands): 

(a) 
    The   $8.7 million   and   $11.1 million   discount on the Term Loan (as defined below) as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively, is being amortized using the effective interest method over the life of the Term Loan.  
     As of   September 30, 2016  , the Company had   $60.2 million  , net of   $14.8 million   outstanding letters of credit, available for additional borrowing under the Revolving Facility (as defined below). 
  The approximate aggregate maturities of long-term debt, excluding the debt discount on the Term Loan, for each of the three years subsequent to   September 30, 2016   are as follows (in thousands): 

Refinancing.    On February 14, 2013 (the "Refinancing Closing Date"), FairPoint Communications refinanced its old credit agreement (the "Refinancing"). In connection with the Refinancing, FairPoint Communications (i) issued   $300.0   million aggregate principal amount of its   8.75%   senior secured notes due 2019 (the "Notes") in a private offering exempt from registration under the Securities Act pursuant to an indenture (the "Indenture") that FairPoint Communications entered into on the Refinancing Closing Date with certain of its subsidiaries that guarantee the indebtedness under the Credit Agreement (as defined herein) (the "Subsidiary Guarantors") and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee and collateral agent, and (ii) entered into a credit agreement (the "Credit Agreement"), dated as of the Refinancing Closing Date, with the lenders party thereto from time to time and Morgan Stanley Senior Funding, Inc., as administrative agent and letter of credit issuer. The Credit Agreement provides for a   $75.0   million revolving credit facility (the ''Revolving Facility''), which has a sub-facility providing for the issuance of up to   $40.0   million in letters of credit, and a   $640.0   million term loan facility (the ''Term Loan'' and, together with the Revolving Facility, the ''Credit Agreement Loans"). On the Refinancing Closing Date, FairPoint Communications used the proceeds of the Notes offering, together with   $640.0   million of borrowings under the Term Loan and cash on hand to (i) repay principal of   $946.5   million outstanding on the old term loan, plus approximately   $7.7   million of accrued interest and (ii) pay approximately   $32.6   million of fees, expenses and other costs related to the Refinancing. 
  The Credit Agreement.   The principal amount of the Term Loan and commitments under the Revolving Facility may be increased by an aggregate amount of up to   $200.0   million, subject to certain terms and conditions specified in the Credit Agreement. The Term Loan will mature on February 14, 2019 and the Revolving Facility will mature on February 14, 2018, subject in each case to extensions pursuant to the terms of the Credit Agreement. 
  Interest Rates and Fees  . Interest on borrowings under the Credit Agreement Loans accrue at an annual rate equal to either a British Bankers Association London Inter-Bank Offered Rate ("LIBOR") or the base rate, in each case plus an applicable margin. LIBOR is a per annum rate for dollar deposits with an interest period of one, two, three or six months (at FairPoint Communication's election), subject to a minimum LIBOR floor of   1.25%   for the Term Loan. The base rate is the per annum rate equal to the greatest of (x) the federal funds effective rate plus   0.50%  , (y) the rate of interest publicly quoted from time to time by The Wall Street Journal as the United States ''Prime Rate'' and (z) LIBOR with an interest period of one month plus   1.00%  . The applicable margin for the Term Loan is (a)   6.25%   per annum with respect to term loans bearing interest based on LIBOR or (b)   5.25%   per annum with respect to term loans bearing interest based on the base rate. The applicable interest rate for the Revolving Facility is, initially, (a)   5.50%   with respect to revolving loans bearing interest based on LIBOR or (b)   4.50%   per annum with respect to revolving loans  
  
   15 

     Table of Contents  

bearing interest based on the base rate, in each case subject to adjustment based on FairPoint Communication's consolidated total leverage ratio, as defined in the Credit Agreement. FairPoint Communications is required to pay a quarterly letter of credit fee on the average daily amount available to be drawn under letters of credit issued under the Revolving Facility equal to the applicable interest rate for revolving loans bearing interest based on LIBOR, plus a fronting fee of   0.125%   per annum on the average daily amount available to be drawn under such letters of credit. In addition, FairPoint Communications is required to pay a quarterly commitment fee on the average daily unused portion of the New Revolving Facility, which is   0.50%   initially, subject to reduction to   0.375%   based on FairPoint Communication's consolidated total leverage ratio. 
  Security/Guarantors.   All obligations under the Credit Agreement, together with certain designated hedging obligations and cash management obligations, are unconditionally guaranteed on a senior secured basis by certain subsidiaries of FairPoint Communications (the "Subsidiary Guarantors") and secured by a first-priority lien on substantially all personal property of FairPoint Communications and the Subsidiary Guarantors, subject to certain exclusions set forth in the related security documents, pari passu with the lien securing the obligations under the Notes.  
  Mandatory Repayments  . FairPoint Communications is required to make quarterly repayments of the Term Loan in a principal amount of   $1.6   million during the term of the Credit Agreement. In addition, mandatory repayments are required under the Credit Agreement with (i) a percentage, initially equal to   50%   and subject to reduction to   25%   based on FairPoint Communication's consolidated total leverage ratio, of FairPoint Communication's excess cash flow, as defined in the Credit Agreement, (ii) the net cash proceeds of certain asset dispositions, insurance proceeds and condemnation awards and (iii) issuances of debt not permitted to be incurred under the Credit Agreement. No premium is required in connection with prepayments. 
  Covenants  . The Credit Agreement contains customary representations and warranties and affirmative and negative covenants for a transaction of this type, including   two   financial maintenance covenants: (i) a consolidated interest coverage ratio and (ii) a consolidated total leverage ratio. The Credit Agreement also contains a covenant limiting the amount of capital expenditures that FairPoint Communications and its subsidiaries may make in any fiscal year. As of   September 30, 2016  , FairPoint Communications was in compliance with all covenants under the Credit Agreement. 
  Events of Default  . The Credit Agreement also contains customary events of default.  
  The Notes.   On the Refinancing Closing Date, FairPoint Communications issued   $300.0   million of the Notes pursuant to the Indenture in a private offering exempt from registration under the Securities Act.  
  The terms of the Notes are governed by the Indenture. The Notes are senior secured obligations of FairPoint Communications and are guaranteed by the Subsidiary Guarantors. The Notes and the guarantees thereof are secured by a first-priority lien on substantially all personal property of FairPoint Communications and the Subsidiary Guarantors, subject to certain exclusions set forth in the related security documents, pari passu with the lien securing the obligations under the Credit Agreement. The Notes will mature on August 15, 2019 and accrue interest at a rate of   8.75%   per annum, which is payable semi-annually in arrears on February 15 and August 15 of each year.   
  Notes redeemed after February 15, 2016 and prior to February 15, 2017 may be redeemed at   104.375%   of the aggregate principal amount; Notes redeemed on or after February 15, 2017 and prior to February 15, 2018 may be redeemed at   102.188%   of the aggregate principal amount; and Notes redeemed on or after February 15, 2018 may be redeemed at their par value. 
  The holders of the Notes have the ability to require FairPoint Communications to repurchase all or any part of the Notes if FairPoint Communications experiences certain kinds of changes in control or engages in certain asset sales, in each case at the repurchase prices and subject to the terms and conditions set forth in the Indenture. 
  The Indenture contains certain covenants which are customary with respect to non-investment grade debt securities, including limitations on FairPoint Communication's ability to incur additional indebtedness, pay dividends on or make other distributions or repurchase FairPoint Communication's capital stock, make certain investments, enter into certain types of transactions with affiliates, create liens and sell certain assets or merge with or into other companies. These covenants are subject to a number of important limitations and exceptions. As of   September 30, 2016  , FairPoint Communications was in compliance with all covenants under the Indenture. 
  The Indenture also provides for customary events of default, including cross defaults to other specified debt of FairPoint Communications and certain of its subsidiaries.  
   
  (7) Interest Rate Swap Agreements 
  The Company uses interest rate swap agreements to protect the Company against future adverse fluctuations in interest rates by reducing its exposure to variability in cash flows relating to interest payments on a portion of its outstanding debt. The Company's interest rate swaps, which are designated as cash flow hedges, involve the receipt of variable amounts from counterparties in  
  
   16 

exchange for the Company making fixed-rate payments over the effective term of the agreements without exchange of the underlying notional amount. The Company does not hold or issue any derivative financial instruments for speculative trading purposes. 
  In the third quarter of 2013, the Company entered into interest rate swap agreements with a combined notional amount of   $170.0 million   with   three   counterparties that are effective for a two year period. Such swaps became effective on September 30, 2015 and mature on September 30, 2017.  Each respective swap agreement requires the Company to pay a fixed rate of   2.665%   and provides that the Company will receive a variable rate based on the three month LIBOR rate subject to a minimum   LIBOR   floor of   1.25%  . Amounts payable by or due to the Company are net settled with the respective counterparties on the last business day of each fiscal quarter. 
  The effect of the Company s interest rate swap agreements on the condensed consolidated balance sheets at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015   is shown below (in thousands):  
                           
    As of September 30, 2016 
      Derivatives designated as hedging instruments: 
    Balance Sheet Location 
      
    Fair Value 
      Interest rate swaps, Current 
    Other accrued liabilities 
      
    $ 
    2,347 

As of December 31, 2015 
      Derivatives designated as hedging instruments: 
    Balance Sheet Location 
      
    Fair Value 
      Interest rate swaps, Current 
    Other accrued liabilities 
      
    $ 
    2,375 
      
      Interest rate swaps, Long-term 
    Other long-term liabilities 
      
    $ 
    1,232 

The gross effect of the Company s interest rate swap agreements on the condensed consolidated statements of comprehensive income/(loss) for the   three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015   is shown below (in thousands):  

Amounts reported in accumulated other comprehensive income related to interest rate swaps will be reclassified to interest expense as interest payments are made on the Term Loan. The Company estimates that approximately   $2.3 million   will be reclassified as an increase to interest expense in the next 12 months. 
  Each interest rate swap agreement contains a provision whereby if the Company defaults on any of its indebtedness, the Company may also be declared in default under the interest rate swap agreements. 
   
  (8) Fair Value 
  In determining fair value, the Company uses a hierarchy for inputs used in measuring fair value that maximizes the use of observable inputs and minimizes the use of unobservable inputs by requiring that the most observable inputs be used when available.  The hierarchy is broken down into three levels based on the reliability of inputs as follows: 
           Level 1 -  
    Valuations based on quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that the Company has the ability to access. 
              Level 2 -  
    Valuations based on quoted prices for similar instruments in active markets or quoted prices in markets that are not active or for which all significant inputs are observable, either directly or indirectly. 
              Level 3 -  
    Valuations based on inputs that are unobservable and significant to the overall fair value measurement. 
     The Company's non-financial assets and liabilities, including its long-lived assets and indefinite-lived intangible assets, are measured and subsequently adjusted, if necessary, to fair value on a non-recurring basis. The Company periodically performs routine reviews of triggering events and/or an impairment test, as applicable. Based on these procedures, the Company did not require an adjustment to fair value to be recorded to these assets in the   three months ended September 30, 2016   or   2015  .  
  The Company's financial instruments, other than interest rate swap agreements and long-term debt, consist primarily of cash, restricted cash, accounts receivable and accounts payable. The carrying amounts of these financial instruments are estimated to  
  
   17 

approximate fair value due to the relatively short period of time to maturity for these instruments. As of   September 30, 2016  , interest rate swap agreements are carried at their fair value and measured on a recurring basis as follows (in thousands): 
                                       
     Fair Value Measurements Using  
        
    Level 1 
      
    Level 2 
      
    Level 3 
      Interest rate swaps, Current    (a)  
    $ 

$ 
    2,347 

$ 

As of   December 31, 2015  , interest rate swap agreements are carried at their fair value and measured on a recurring basis as follows (in thousands): 

(a) 
    The fair value is determined using valuation models which rely on the expected LIBOR based yield curve and estimates of counterparty and the Company s non-performance risk.  Because each of these inputs are directly observable or can be corroborated by observable market data, the Company has categorized these interest rate swaps as Level 2 within the fair value hierarchy. 
     The estimated fair values of the Company's long-term debt as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015   are as follows (in thousands): 

(a) 
    The Company estimated fair value based on market prices of the Company's debt securities at the balance sheet dates, which falls within Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy. 
       
  (9) Employee Benefit Plans 
  The Company sponsors noncontributory qualified defined benefit pension plans ("qualified pension plans") and post-employment benefit plans which provide certain cash payments and medical, dental and life insurance benefits to eligible retired employees and their beneficiaries and covered dependents. The qualified pension plans and certain post-employment benefit plans were created as part of the acquisition of the Northern New England operations from Verizon and mirrored the prior Verizon plans.  
  Two   of the Company's collective bargaining agreements in northern New England were ratified on February 22, 2015.  The respective collective bargaining agreements expire in August 2018. Active represented employees as of February 22, 2015 are eligible for benefits in accordance with the respective plan documents and contractual obligations in the ratified collective bargaining agreements. 
  The remaining unrecognized prior service credit for the represented employees pension plan recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income of   $37.1 million   as of   December 31, 2015   is being amortized over   10.82 years  .  As of   December 31, 2015  ,   $306.8 million   of the remaining unrecognized net prior service credit and   $81.9 million   of the remaining unrecognized net actuarial loss for post-employment benefits recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income are being amortized in 2016.   
  The Company makes contributions to the qualified pension plans to meet minimum funding requirements under the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended ("ERISA"), and has the ability to elect to make additional discretionary contributions. The other post-employment benefit plans are unfunded and the Company funds the benefits that are paid.  Annually, and as necessary, the Company remeasures the net liabilities of its qualified pension and other post-employment benefit plans.  
  
   18 

     Table of Contents  

Net Periodic Benefit Cost.   The Company capitalizes a portion of net periodic benefit cost in conjunction with its use of internal labor resources utilized on capital projects. The Company recognized settlement charges in the qualified pension plan that covers non-represented employees of   $0.5 million   and   $0.1 million   for the   three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015  , respectively and   $0.5 million   and   $0.7 million   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015  , respectively.  The settlements were incurred when the cumulative amount of lump sums paid to participants in the respective years exceeded the expected service and interest cost for the respective years. Components of the net periodic benefit cost related to the Company's qualified pension plans and other post-employment benefit plans for the   three and nine months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015   are as follows (in thousands): 

Return on Plan Assets.   For the   three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015  , the actual return on the pension plan assets were annualized gains/(losses) of approximately   16.1%   and   (5.6)%  , respectively and   10.8%   and   (3.7)%   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015  , respectively. 
  Contributions and Benefit Payments.   During the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , contributions of   $11.9 million   were made to the Company-sponsored qualified defined benefit pension plans and the Company funded benefit payments of   $4.2 million   under its post-employment benefit plans. 
   
  (10) Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income 
  The following table provides a reconciliation of adjustments reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income to the condensed consolidated statement of operations (in thousands): 
  
   19 

     Table of Contents  

(a) 
    These accumulated other comprehensive income components are included in the computation of net periodic benefit cost.    See   note (9) "Employee Benefit Plans" for details.  
              (b) 
    These accumulated other comprehensive income components are included in interest expense.    See   note (7) "Interest Rate Swap Agreements" for details.  
      
  (11) Earnings Per Share 
  Basic earnings per share of the Company is computed by dividing net income by the weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding for the period. Except when the effect would be anti-dilutive, the diluted earnings per share calculation calculated using the treasury stock method includes the impact of stock units, shares of non-vested restricted stock and shares that could be issued under outstanding stock options.  
  Weighted average number of common shares used for basic earnings per share excludes weighted average shares of non-vested restricted stock of   188,522   and   226,900   for the   three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015  , respectively and   200,315   and   234,370   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015  , respectively. Non-vested restricted stock is included in common shares issued and outstanding in the condensed consolidated balance sheets.  
  Potentially dilutive shares exclude warrants and stock options in accordance with the treasury stock method primarily due to exercise prices exceeding the average market value.  
  The following table provides a reconciliation of the common shares used for basic earnings per share and diluted earnings per share: 

20 

Table of Contents  

(12) Stockholders' Deficit 
  At   September 30, 2016  ,   37,500,000   shares of common stock were authorized and   27,073,540   shares of common stock (including shares of non-vested restricted stock) and   3,582,402   warrants, each eligible to purchase one share of common stock, were outstanding.   
  The initial exercise price applicable to the warrants is   $48.81   per share of common stock. The exercise price applicable to the warrants is subject to adjustment upon the occurrence of certain events described in the warrant agreement. The warrants may be exercised at any time on or before January 24, 2018. 
   
  (13) Commitments and Contingencies 
  (a) Legal Proceedings 
  From time to time, the Company is involved in litigation and regulatory proceedings arising out of its operations.  Management believes that the Company is not currently a party to any legal or regulatory proceedings, the adverse outcome of which, individually or in the aggregate, would have a material adverse effect on the Company's financial position or results of operations.  
  Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company is a defendant in approximately   16   lawsuits filed by   two   long distance communications companies, who as plaintiffs have collectively filed over   60   lawsuits arising from switched access charges for calls originating and terminating within the same wireless major trading area.   These cases have all been consolidated and transferred to federal district court (the "Court") in Dallas, Texas. The defendants filed joint motions to dismiss these actions. On November 17, 2015, the Court granted the defendants' motions dismissing the plaintiffs' federal law based claims with prejudice. The state law based claims were allowed to be amended and refiled. The Court denied the plaintiffs' request for an immediate appeal of the dismissal of the federal law based claims.  Counterclaims against the plaintiffs for the failure to pay these access charges have been filed by the Company.  The Company and some of the co-defendants have filed lawsuits against a third long distance communications company for the failure to pay this same type of access charge.  These additional lawsuits have also been consolidated and transferred to the Court. Additional motions have been filed by the plaintiffs and defendants, which are still pending. At this time, an estimate of the impact, if any, of these claims cannot be made. 
  (b) Restricted Cash 
  As of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , the Company had   $0.7 million   and   $0.7 million  , respectively, of restricted cash, which is restricted for regulatory purposes and is included in long-term restricted cash on the condensed consolidated balance sheets.  

21 

     Table of Contents  

Item 2. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
  The following discussion should be read in conjunction with our condensed consolidated financial statements and the notes thereto included elsewhere in this Quarterly Report. The following discussion includes certain forward-looking statements. For a discussion of important factors, including the continuing development of our business, actions of regulatory authorities and competitors and other factors which could cause actual results to differ materially from the results referred to in the forward-looking statements,   see   "Item 1A. Risk Factors" contained in the 2015 Annual Report and "Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements" included elsewhere in this Quarterly Report. Our discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations are presented in the following sections: 
     Overview 
     Executive Summary 
     Labor Matters 
     Regulatory and Legislative 
     Basis of Presentation 
     Results of Operations 
     Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
     Liquidity and Capital Resources 
     Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
     Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
     New Accounting Standards 
   
  Overview 
  We are a leading provider of advanced communications services to business, wholesale and residential customers within our service territories. We offer our customers a suite of advanced services including Ethernet, SIP-Trunking, hosted PBX, managed services, data center colocation services, high capacity data transport and other IP-based services over our fiber-based network, in addition to Internet access, HSD and local and long distance voice services. Our service territory spans 17 states where we are the incumbent communications provider primarily serving rural communities and small urban markets. Many of our LECs have served their respective communities for more than 80 years. As of   September 30, 2016  , we operated with approximately   310,000   broadband subscribers, approximately   15,400   Ethernet circuits and approximately   377,000   residential voice lines.  
  We own and operate an extensive fiber-based Ethernet network with more than   21,000   miles of fiber optic cable, including approximately   17,000   miles of fiber optic cable in Maine, New Hampshire and Vermont, giving us capacity to support more HSD services and extend our fiber reach into more communities across the region. The IP/Multiple Protocol Label Switched ("IP/MPLS") network architecture of our fiber-based network allows us to provide Ethernet, transport and other IP-based services with the highest level of reliability at a lower cost of service. This fiber-based Ethernet network also supplies critical infrastructure for wireless carriers serving the region as their bandwidth needs increase, driven by mobile data from smartphones, tablets and other wireless devices. As of   September 30, 2016  , we provide cellular transport, also known as backhaul, through over   1,900   mobile Ethernet backhaul connections. We have fiber connectivity to approximately   1,300   cellular communications towers in our service footprint.  
   
  Executive Summary 
  Our mission is to empower businesses, consumers and communities with advanced data, IT and voice services by leveraging our network, technology and operational expertise to exceed their expectations.  Our vision includes operating and technology platforms that will meet our customers' technology needs by providing them with reliable and secure connections and ready access to what matters most to them.   
  Our executive management team is focused on utilizing our network assets, our outstanding operating platform and our proven ability to develop and deploy market-driven products to build brand awareness, aid in generating new revenue and sustain existing revenue. We will enhance our network to bring new services and more robust technologies to our markets, enable effective and secure technology to ensure our product and service offerings remain competitive, and provide excellent customer service to create a loyal customer base, all while maintaining a sharp focus on managing costs. 
  Our objective is to transform our revenue by continuing to add advanced data products and services such as Ethernet, high capacity data transport and other IP-based services over our fiber-based network in addition to HSD services, to minimize our  
  
   22 

     Table of Contents  

dependence on voice access lines. Communications companies, including us, continue to experience a decline in access lines due to increased competition from wireless carriers, cable television operators and CLECs and increased availability of alternative communications services, including wireless and voice over IP ("VoIP"). We will continue our efforts to retain customers to mitigate the loss of voice access lines through bundled packages, including video and other value added services. We believe access lines as a measure of the business are increasingly less meaningful measures of trend and are being replaced by revenue generating broadband subscribers and Ethernet circuits.    
  Over the past few years, we have made significant capital investments in our fiber-based Ethernet network to expand our business service offerings to meet the growing data needs of our customers and to increase broadband speeds and capacity in our consumer markets. We have also focused our sales and marketing efforts on these advanced data solutions. Specifically, within the last few years, we built and launched high capacity Ethernet services to allow us to meet the capacity needs of our business customers as well as supply high capacity infrastructure to our wholesale customers. In the past year, Ethernet demand has remained strong amid increased price pressure. We continue to see a market trend, largely led by cable companies, of reduced Ethernet prices to business and wholesale customers. We continue to see growth in Ethernet units and speeds amid declining prices in the market. Ethernet high-capacity transport data services are our flagship product and are laying the foundation not only for new business but also for additional IP-based advanced services in the future. 
  We believe that our extensive fiber network, with more than   21,000   miles of fiber optic cable, including approximately   17,000   miles of fiber optic cable in northern New England and approximately   1,300   cellular communications towers currently served with fiber, puts us in an excellent position to serve the cellular backhaul needs in our markets. We further believe the bandwidth needs of cellular backhaul will grow with the continued adoption of bandwidth-intensive technology. As a result, we expect to see wireless carriers developing new technologies as demand increases on existing fiber-connected towers, including the use of "small cell" architecture. By satisfying additional demand for bandwidth, both traditionally and through new and evolving technology, we expect to partially offset the decline we have seen, and expect to continue to see, in legacy wholesale offerings, including TDM transport services, DS1s, DS3s and wholesale switched access.  
  Coupled with recent regulatory reform in the states of Maine, New Hampshire and Vermont that will serve to promote fair competition among communications service providers in the region, we believe that there is a significant organic growth opportunity within the business and wholesale markets given our extensive fiber network and IP-based product suite, combined with our relative low market share in these areas.   
   
  Labor Matters 
  Two of our collective bargaining agreements in northern New England were ratified on February 22, 2015 by their respective unions. Members of these two labor unions initiated a work stoppage on October 17, 2014 and returned to work on February 25, 2015.  The respective collective bargaining agreements expire in August 2018.  For the   three and nine months ended September 30, 2015  , we recognized   $0.2 million   and   $48.8 million   of labor negotiation related expenses, respectively, primarily for contracted services, contingent workforce expenses (including training) and legal, communications and public relations expenses.    See   note (9) "Employee Benefit Plans" to our condensed consolidated financial statements in "Part I. Financial Information - Item 1. Financial Statements" included elsewhere in this Quarterly Report for further information as well as "Results of Operations" herein.  
   
  Regulatory and Legislative 
  We are generally subject to common carrier regulation primarily by federal and state governmental agencies. At the federal level, the FCC generally exercises jurisdiction over common carriers, such as us, to the extent those carriers provide, originate or terminate interstate or international communications. State regulatory commissions generally exercise jurisdiction over common carriers to the extent those carriers provide, originate or terminate intrastate telecommunications. In addition, pursuant to the Telecommunications Act of 1996, which amended the Communications Act of 1934 (as amended, the "Communications Act"), state and federal regulators share responsibility for implementing and enforcing the domestic pro-competitive policies introduced by that legislation. 
  We are required to comply with the Communications Act, which requires, among other things, that common carriers offer communications services at just and reasonable rates and on terms and conditions that are not unreasonably discriminatory.  The Communications Act also contains requirements intended to promote competition in the provision of local services and lead to deregulation as markets become more competitive. 
  For a detailed description of the federal and state regulatory environment in which we operate and the FCC's recently promulgated CAF/ICC Order and other recent regulatory changes, as well as the effects and potential effects of such regulation on us,   see   "Item 1. Business Regulatory and Legislative" in our 2015 Annual Report. The impact of these changes for 2016 is described further below.  However, in the long run, we are uncertain of the ultimate impact as federal and state regulations continue to evolve. 
  
   23 

     Table of Contents  

Overview of FCC CAF/ICC Order to Reform Universal Service and Intercarrier Compensation  
  On March 16, 2010, the FCC submitted the National Broadband Plan ("NBP") to the United States Congress. The NBP is a plan to bring high-speed Internet services to the entire country, including remote and high-cost areas. In accordance with the NBP, the FCC commenced several rulemakings that concern, among other things, reforming high-cost and low-income programs to promote universal service to make those funds more efficient while promoting broadband communications in areas that otherwise would be unserved and to address changes to interstate access charges and other forms of ICC. 
  On November 18, 2011, the FCC released its comprehensive landmark order to modify the nationwide system of universal support and the ICC system (the "CAF/ICC Order"). In this order, the FCC replaced all existing USF for price cap carriers with its CAF. The intent of CAF is to bring high-speed affordable broadband services to all Americans. The CAF/ICC Order fundamentally reforms the ICC process that governs how communications companies bill one another for exchanging traffic, gradually phasing down these charges.  
  In conjunction with the CAF/ICC Order, the FCC adopted a Notice of Proposed Rulemaking to deal with related matters, including but not limited to: (i) the actual cost model to be adopted for CAF Phase II funding, (ii) treatment of originating access charges, (iii) modifications to CAF for rate-of-return ILECs, (iv) development of CAF Phase II for mobility, (v) CAF Phase II competitive bidding rules, (vi) remote areas funding and (vii) IP to IP interconnection issues. In its Order released December 18, 2014, the FCC stated its intention to extend its offer of CAF Phase II support to price cap carriers in early 2015 and to implement the CAF Phase II program for price cap carriers during 2015. On April 29, 2015, the FCC released a Public Notice extending the offer of CAF Phase II funding to price cap carriers, as described in more detail below.  As of   September 30, 2016  , the FCC has issued competitive bidding guidelines but has not finalized rules for the competitive bidding process. It is not known how these rules may impact us.  
  CAF Phase I and Phase II Support.    Pursuant to the CAF/ICC Order, beginning in 2012, we started receiving monthly CAF Phase I frozen support, which is based on and equal to all forms of USF high-cost support we received during 2011.  This support was considered transitional funding while the FCC developed its CAF Phase II program.  FCC rules required that if we continued receiving CAF Phase I frozen support beyond 2012, which we have, we did have specific broadband spending obligations starting in 2013, which we have met.  According to the FCC rules, in 2013, we were required to spend, and did spend, one-third of the frozen support to "build and operate broadband-capable networks used to offer the provider's own retail broadband service in areas substantially unserved by an unsubsidized competitor."  According to the FCC rules, in 2014, we were required to spend, and did spend, two-thirds of the frozen support to "build and operate broadband-capable networks used to offer the provider's own retail broadband service in areas substantially unserved by an unsubsidized competitor."  For the CAF Phase I frozen support we receive, this spending obligation increased to 100% of the frozen support received in 2015 and subsequent years to "build and operate broadband-capable networks used to offer the provider's own retail broadband service in areas substantially unserved by an unsubsidized competitor."  We were in compliance with the 2015 spending obligation and continue to be in compliance for 2016.  
  In a Public Notice released on April 29, 2015, the FCC extended an offer of CAF Phase II support to price cap carriers to fund the building and operation of voice and broadband-capable services in their service territories.  In this Public Notice, the FCC offered $38.2 million of annual funding to us for six years in return for providing broadband services to a specified number of locations in eligible census blocks specified by the FCC.  This compares with $39.3 million in annual CAF Phase I frozen funding that we received in 2014.  On August 18, 2015, we announced our acceptance of $37.4 million in annual CAF Phase II support, which was effective retroactive to January 1, 2015.  This includes support in all our operating states except Colorado and Kansas where we declined the offered CAF Phase II support. 
  The specific obligations associated with CAF Phase II funding include the obligation to serve approximately 105,000 locations in approximately 16,000 census blocks by December 31, 2020 (with interim milestones of 40%, 60% and 80% completion by December 2017, 2018 and 2019, respectively); to provide broadband service to those locations with speeds of 10 megabits per second down and 1 megabit per second up; to achieve latency of less than 100 milliseconds; to provide data of at least 100 gigabytes per month; and to offer pricing reasonably comparable to pricing in urban areas.   
  For the two states where we declined CAF Phase II support, we will continue to receive CAF Phase I frozen support until such time as the FCC conducts a competitive bidding process.  The FCC intends to conduct the competitive bidding process during 2016 and has determined that price cap carriers declining CAF Phase II support can participate in the competitive bidding process along with any other interested carriers.  As of   September 30, 2016  , the FCC has not yet adopted final rules governing the competitive bidding process. 
  In addition, there is a three year transition for price cap carriers that choose to accept model-based support in states where the accepted support is less than the CAF Phase I frozen support.  The determination of transition funding is made at the state level.  From January 1, 2015 to July 31, 2015, and as prescribed by the FCC, such carriers received 100% of the difference between the annualized amount of CAF Phase II support that they accepted and the amount of CAF Phase I frozen support that they received  
  
   24 

     Table of Contents  

in 2014.  Beginning August 1, 2015, transitional funding stepped down to 75% of that amount.  On August 1, 2016 transitional funding steps down to 50% of the difference and on August 1, 2017 transitional funding steps down to 25% of the difference. Transitional support will terminate as of July 31, 2018, after which time carriers will receive only CAF Phase II support.   
  As prescribed by the FCC s transitional plan and the transitional funding calculation, we have recognized or expect to recognize transitional funding, in addition to the $37.4 million annual CAF Phase II funding, based on the following schedule: 
    
       FCC Rules for ICC Process.   The CAF/ICC Order reformed rules associated with local, state toll and interstate toll traffic exchanged among communications carriers including ILECs, CLECs, cable companies, wireless carriers and VoIP providers. The revised rules, the majority of which were effective beginning July 1, 2012, establish separate rules for price cap carriers and rate-of-return carriers. Although the FCC order treats our rate-of-return carriers (including companies operating under average schedules) as price cap carriers for CAF funding, it treats them as rate-of-return carriers for purposes of ICC reform. For both price cap and rate-of-return carriers, the FCC established a multi-year transition of terminating traffic compensation to "bill and keep", or zero compensation. For both price cap and rate-of-return carriers, the FCC required carriers to establish fiscal year 2011 ("FY2011") baseline compensation, which was the amount of relevant compensation billed during the period beginning October 1, 2010 and ending September 30, 2011, and collected by March 31, 2012. This FY2011 revenue was used as a starting point for revenue for the transitional period, which is six years for price cap operations and nine years for rate-of-return operations. For each FairPoint ILEC, the FY2011 baseline revenue is reduced by a specified percent during each year of the transition, resulting in a target revenue for each tariff year of the transitional period. At the same time, the FCC rules require reductions in ICC rates for specified services and jurisdictions. As the recoverable revenue declines and the rates decline, any target revenue which will not be covered by ICC revenue can be recovered, in part, from end users through an access recovery charge ("ARC"). Price cap ILECs are permitted to implement monthly end user ARCs with five annual increases of no more than $0.50 for residential/single-line business consumers, for a total monthly ARC of no more than $2.50 in the fifth year; and no more than $1.00 (per month) per line for multi-line business customers, for a total of $5.00 (per month) per line in the fifth year, provided that: (1) any such residential increases would not result in regulated residential end user rates that exceed the $30.00 residential rate ceiling; and (2) any multi-line business customer's total subscriber line charge ("SLC") plus ARC does not exceed $12.20. Rate-of-return ILECs are permitted to implement monthly end user ARCs with six annual increases of no more than $0.50 (per month) for residential/single-line business consumers, for a total ARC of no more than $3.00 in the sixth year; and no more than $1.00 (per month) per line for multi-line business customers for a total of $6.00 (per month) per line in the sixth year, provided that: (1) such increases would not result in regulated residential end user rates that exceed the $30.00 Residential Rate Ceiling; and (2) any multi-line business customer's total SLC plus ARC does not exceed $12.20. We began billing the ARC charges for our price cap and rate of return companies in July 2012 as outlined by the rules above. If the combination of ICC and ARC revenue is not sufficient to cover the targeted revenue, then additional funding will be provided by the CAF in certain circumstances, though there is no guarantee that the ILEC will be made whole. 
  Regulatory and Legislative for Vermont 
  Effective April 6, 2016, we entered into an Incentive Regulation Plan ("IRP") governing our Vermont service territory within our northern New England operations. The IRP includes retail service quality reporting requirements. The new IRP is similar to our previous IRP which expired on April 5, 2016 and we believe the IRP has allowed our northern New England operations' retail rates in Vermont to compete with those competitive carriers under a relatively level regulatory scheme, while preserving certain regulatory protections for consumers seeking basic voice services in areas where competition may not be adequate.  This IRP allows the same regulatory flexibility in our Telecom Group retail operations in Vermont and is scheduled to expire on December 31, 2019.  On August 10, 2015, we concluded a retail service quality investigation by entering into a Memorandum of Understanding ("MOU") between us and the Vermont Department of Public Service ("VDPS"), which was approved by the Vermont Public Service Board ("VPSB") on December 18, 2015.  In accordance with the August 10, 2015 MOU and the December 18, 2015 VPSB Order, on February 16, 2016 we requested the VPSB to open a new investigation to evaluate the appropriateness of certain service quality metrics and to determine whether customer service quality metrics should apply in the future to customers with access to an alternative telecommunications provider.  This investigation is in progress and any outcome from this investigation will be incorporated into the new IRP, if necessary.    
  On July 15, 2016, the VPSB opened a rulemaking proceeding to consider amending     VPSB Rule 3.706(D)(1) regarding the rental calculation for pole attachments.  The rulemaking is in its early stages, and neither a schedule nor scope of this rulemaking has been determined.  
  
   25 

     Table of Contents  

Regulatory and Legislative for Maine 
  Under the Maine Public Utilities Commission ("MPUC") rules (Chapter 201), which went into effect August 1, 2014, the MPUC may open an investigation regarding the failure to meet any of the established SQI benchmarks and has the authority to impose penalties.  The MPUC opened an investigation into our failure to meet some third quarter 2014 SQI benchmarks and subsequently opened an investigation into the fourth quarter of 2014 and then with respect to each of the quarterly periods in 2015. On March 29, 2016, the MPUC consolidated the investigations of the six quarters into one investigation. On September 14, 2016, a hearing examiner for the MPUC issued a report recommending that the MPUC find that FairPoint had failed to meet SQI benchmarks for the period under review and impose a $500,000 penalty as allowed by statute, and provided until October 7, 2016 for comments or exceptions to be filed by interested parties.  This recommendation does not constitute MPUC action.  The Company promptly filed a motion to implement adjudicatory procedures prior to entry of any final order.  As of October 4, 2016, the Hearing Examiner has suspended the deadline for filing comments or exceptions to the examiner s report until further notice, pending responses to and resolution of FairPoint s request for additional adjudicatory procedures.   
  During 2014, we filed a rate case with the MPUC seeking increases in rates for POLR customers and seeking Maine Universal Service Fund ("MUSF") support for unrecovered costs associated with our obligation to provide POLR service to high cost areas.  The MPUC allowed increases to the end user POLR rates, but denied MUSF support to us. 
  On April 13, 2016, LD 466, An Act to Increase Competition and Ensure Robust information and Telecommunications Market, was passed into law and became effective on July 28, 2016.  The new law removes the regulation on POLR service in the most competitive municipalities on a phased in approach.  The seven largest municipalities will be deregulated effective August 28, 2016 (the POLR rate is grandfathered for one year), followed by five communities every six months until reaching a total of 22.  These 22 municipalities represent approximately one third of the population and POLR customers.  LD 466 provides a path forward for additional municipalities to be deregulated upon petitioning the PUC.  Also included in the law is the removal of POLR tariffs statewide.  
  Reporting of service quality will be required only in the areas of the state where POLR is still required and will be filed and treated as confidential.  The number of SQI reporting metrics has been reduced and the benchmarks are less stringent than under previous Commission rules.  The Commission is empowered to investigate failures to meet a service quality requirement. If the Commission concludes after investigation that the failure to meet a service quality requirement is due to factors within the control of the price cap ILEC, the Commission shall, by order, impose such steps as the Commission determines necessary to meet the requirement. If the provider fails to comply with the order, the Commission shall impose a penalty in an amount sufficient to ensure compliance with that order. 
   
  Basis of Presentation 
  We view our business of providing data, voice and communications services to business, wholesale and residential customers as one reportable segment.  
  
   26 

Table of Contents  

Results of Operations 
  The following table sets forth our consolidated operating results reflected in our condensed consolidated statements of operations (in thousands, except for operating metrics): 

Voice Services Revenues 
  We receive revenues through the provision of local calling services to business and residential customers, generally for a fixed monthly charge and service charges for special calling features. We also generate revenue through long distance services within our service areas on our network and through resale agreements with national interexchange carriers.  For the periods ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , residential voice lines in service decreased   10.9%   and   12.4%   year-over-year, respectively, which directly impacts local voice services revenues and our opportunity to provide long distance services to our customers, resulting in a decrease of minutes of use.  The decline in residential voice lines in 2015 may have been partially due to the impact of the strike on service levels.  Evolving competition, including reduced voice pricing from cable competitors as well as cellular adoption, has contributed to the decrease in residential voice lines. There are very few areas within our northern New England footprint where cable voice service and cellular are not alternatives for our customers.  In addition, business voice services revenue also declined in part because of reduced access lines as businesses shifted from traditional voice products to our Ethernet or other advanced services.  We expect the trend of decline in voice lines in service, and thereby a decline in aggregate voice services  
  
   27 

     Table of Contents  

revenue, to continue as customers continue to turn to the use of alternative communication services as a result of ever-increasing competition.  
  Effective June 1, 2015, the Performance Assurance Plan ("PAP") that was previously adopted in each of the states of Maine, New Hampshire and Vermont was retired and we began measuring and reporting certain wholesale local service performance results pursuant to the terms of a simplified measurement plan.  The new plan, called the Wholesale Performance Plan ("WPP"), was developed collaboratively with CLECs over several years and was approved by the Maine, New Hampshire and Vermont regulatory commissions. Under the WPP, we are subject to significantly fewer performance criteria and our annual service penalty exposure was reduced from a maximum of $87 million to a maximum of $12 million ($4.75 million in each of Maine and New Hampshire and $2.5 million in Vermont).  A portion of the service credits resulting from these commitments were recorded to voice services revenues; however, the majority were recorded to access revenues.       
  The following table reflects the primary drivers of year-over-year changes in voice services revenues (dollars in millions): 

(1) 
    There was an insignificant amount of PAP/WPP service credits during the   three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015   and the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  .  During the   nine months ended September 30, 2015  , PAP/WPP service credits resulted in a decrease of $0.2 million to local voice services revenues.   
     Access Revenues 
  We receive revenues for the provision of network access through carrier Ethernet based products and legacy access products to end user customers and long distance and other competing carriers who use our local exchange facilities to provide interexchange services to their customers. Network access can be provided to carriers and end users that buy dedicated local and interexchange capacity to support their private networks (i.e. special access) or it can be derived from fixed and usage-based charges paid by carriers for access to our local network (i.e. switched access). 
  Carriers are migrating from legacy access products, such as DS1, DS3, frame relay, ATM and private line, to carrier Ethernet based products.  At   September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015  , wholesale Ethernet circuits grew by   13.9%   and   26.8%   year-over-year, respectively.  These carrier Ethernet based products are more sustainable, but generally, at the outset, have lower average revenue per user of broadband capacity than the legacy products they are replacing, resulting in a decline in access revenues. We expect the decline in access revenues to continue with customer migration.  This decline in legacy access products is expected to be partially offset with the increasing need for bandwidth, including cellular backhaul and demand for carrier Ethernet based products, both of which are expected to increase over time. With the entry of cable competitors into the wholesale market, we continue to experience an increased decline in access lines due to this new competition.  However, our extensive fiber-based Ethernet network with more than   21,000   miles of fiber optic cable (of which approximately   17,000   miles are in Maine, New Hampshire and Vermont), including approximately   1,300   cellular communications towers currently served with fiber, puts us in a position to grow our revenue base as demand for cellular backhaul and other Ethernet services expands. We also construct new fiber routes to cellular communications towers when the business case presents itself.  Additionally, we continue to evaluate new services to provide to carriers, including the selective use of dark fiber and professional services, to continue to meet carrier access needs. 
  As described above, we adopted a separate PAP for certain services provided on a wholesale basis to CLECs in each of the states of Maine, New Hampshire and Vermont, pursuant to which we are required to issue service credits in the event we are unable to meet the provisions of the respective PAP.  These PAPs were retired effective June 1, 2015 and replaced with the WPP.  Our maximum exposure to wholesale service credits has been reduced through the implementation of the WPP.  The service credits are allocated to access revenues or voice services revenues based on services provided to the wholesale carrier. 
  In June 2014, Maine established a new POLR SQI standard, which may subject us to future SQI penalties. 
  
   28 

     Table of Contents  

The following table reflects the primary drivers of year-over-year changes in access revenues (dollars in millions): 

(1) 
    We offer carrier Ethernet services throughout our market to our business and wholesale customers, which include Ethernet virtual circuit technology for cellular backhaul. As of   September 30, 2016  , we provide cellular transport on our fiber-based Ethernet network through over   1,900   fiber-to-the-tower connections compared to over 1,900 as of   September 30, 2015  . 
              (2) 
    Legacy access services include products such as DS1, DS3, frame relay, ATM and private line. 
      Data and Internet Services Revenues 
  We receive revenues from monthly recurring charges for the provision of data and Internet services to residential and business customers through DSL technology, fiber-to-the-home technology, retail Ethernet, Internet dial-up, high speed cable modem and wireless broadband. 
  We have invested in our broadband network to extend the reach and capacity of the network to customers who did not previously have access to data and Internet products and to offer more competitive services to existing customers, including retail Ethernet products. At   September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015  , retail Ethernet circuits grew by   4.0%   and   14.2%   year-over-year, respectively.  Our broadband subscribers decreased   1.4%   and   4.2%   year-over-year at   September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015  , respectively, which directly impacts data and Internet services revenues.  We expect to continue our investment in our broadband network to further grow data and Internet services revenues in the coming years. 
  The following table reflects the primary drivers of year-over-year changes in data and Internet services revenues (dollars in millions): 

(1) 
    Retail Ethernet services revenue is comprised of data services provided through E-LAN, E-LINE and E-DIA technology on our fiber-based Ethernet network. We recognized $10.9 million and $10.8 million for the   three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015  , respectively, and $32.0 million and $31.5 million for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015  , respectively, of retail Ethernet services revenues. 
              (2) 
    Includes all other services such as DSL, dial-up, high speed cable modem and wireless broadband. 
     Regulatory Funding Revenues 
  We receive certain federal and state government funding that we classify as regulatory funding, which is further described in  Regulatory and Legislative  herein, including:  CAF Phase II support effective January 1, 2015 to build and operate broadband services; CAF Phase II transition funding; CAF Phase I frozen support (for Kansas and Colorado until a reverse auction is completed); CAF funding under the CAF/ICC Order; and universal service fund support from certain states in which we operate.  We recognized   $12.7 million   and   $17.9 million   for the   three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015  , respectively and   $38.9 million   and   $40.7 million   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015  , respectively, of regulatory funding revenues.  The year-over-year changes are primarily due to the timing of CAF Phase II transitional revenue. CAF Phase II support revenue does not include any funding for Colorado and Kansas. We expect the amount of regulatory funding revenue to decline as the amount of CAF Phase II transition funding decreases in 2016 and is phased out through 2018. 
  
   29 

     Table of Contents  

Other Services Revenues  
  We receive revenues from other services, including special purpose projects on behalf of third parties, video services (including cable television and video-over-DSL), billing and collection, directory services, the sale and maintenance of customer premise equipment and certain other miscellaneous revenues. Other services revenues also include revenue we receive from late payment charges to end users and interexchange carriers. Due to the composition of other services revenues, it is difficult to predict future trends. 
  The following table reflects the primary drivers of year-over-year changes in other services revenues (dollars in millions): 

(1) 
    Special purpose projects are completed on behalf of third party requests. 
              (2) 
    Late payment fees are related to customers who have not paid their bills in a timely manner. 
              (3) 
    Other revenues were primarily attributable to revenue from value added reseller of unified communications, data networking and cabling infrastructure solutions in addition to fluctuations in directory services, billing and collections and in various other miscellaneous services revenues. 
     Supplementary revenue information.    In addition to the revenue information discussed above, we are providing the following additional strategic revenue categorization       information.  Management believes that providing this additional revenue information will afford better visibility into our revenue trends as a result of product and service evolution within our industry.  Management believes these metrics will enhance investors' ability to evaluate our business and assist investors in their understanding of the changing composition of our revenue (in millions). 
  
   30 

     Table of Contents  

(1) Growth revenue is comprised of products and services that are generally viewed as in-demand by communications consumers over the medium- to long-term and are expected to increase over time. 
  a) Broadband revenue is comprised of both residential and business customers delivered through DSL, ADSL, VDSL or other similar services. 
  b) Ethernet revenue includes Ethernet over copper ("EOC") or Ethernet over fiber ("EOF") services delivered to end-users or to wholesalers, who then sell to their end-users.  
  c) Hosted and Advanced Services includes VoIP and other digital voice services including unified messaging and other IP features as well as revenue generated from our various advanced services including our value added reseller of unified communications, data networking and cabling infrastructure solutions, the next-generation emergency 9-1-1 contracts in several of our service territories as well as data center and managed services. 
  (2) Convertible revenues are revenues that could move from TDM-based technologies to Ethernet or other advanced services. 
  a) Non-Ethernet Special Access includes high-capacity circuits.  The revenues are primarily comprised of business revenue from T1's, DS3's and SONET products.  
  b) Business Voice is traditional voice, long distance, ISDN and Centrex services for a business customer.  
  c) Other Convertible primarily includes Unbundled Network Element ("UNE"), Asynchronous Transfer Mode ("ATM"), Frame Relay, ISDN, Analog Private Line and Internet services such as dial-up.  
  (3) Legacy revenues are TDM-based voice related consumer revenue largely related to residential customers. 
  a) Residential Voice is comprised of TDM voice services to residential customers. 
  b) Switched Access and Other primarily includes Switched Transport, Local Switching, NECA pooling elements and colocation of miscellaneous equipment. 
  (4) Refer to the definition of "Regulatory Funding Revenues" above. 
  (5) Miscellaneous is comprised of special purpose projects, late payment fees from our customers and pole rental revenues among other various service revenues.  

31 

     Table of Contents  

The primary drivers of the year-over-year changes in the strategic revenue categorization for the   three months ended September 30, 2016   compared to the   three months ended September 30, 2015   (dollars in millions) were: 

Growth revenue   increased   by   $2.3 million   as we experienced growth in broadband revenue from speed upgrades and rate increases, which are described further above, as well as hosted and advanced services revenue, compared to the prior year. 
                
    Convertible revenue   decreased   by   $6.3 million   as customers continued to migrate from non-Ethernet circuits and businesses shifted from traditional voice products to VoIP and hosted products. 
                
    Legacy revenue   decreased   by   $6.1 million   resulting from a decline in voice access lines and legacy switched access revenue versus a year ago.  
                
    Regulatory funding revenue   decreased   by   $5.2 million   primarily due to the timing of CAF Phase II transitional revenue.  The third quarter of 2015 included a year-to-date true-up of transitional revenue following our August 2015 acceptance of CAF Phase II funding. 
                
    Miscellaneous revenue   increased   by   $0.8 million   due to revenue assurance activities.  
     The primary drivers of the year-over-year changes in the strategic revenue categorization for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   compared to the   nine months ended September 30, 2015   (dollars in millions) were: 

Growth revenue   increased   by   $8.3 million   due to growth in broadband revenue and Ethernet revenue, which are described further above, as well as increased hosted and advanced services revenue due to customer growth. 
                
    Convertible revenue   decreased   by   $20.9 million   as customers continued to migrate from non-Ethernet circuits and businesses shifted from traditional voice products to VoIP and hosted products. 
                
    Legacy revenue   decreased   by   $17.8 million   resulting from a decline in voice access lines and legacy switched access revenue versus the same period in 2015.  
                
    Regulatory funding revenue   decreased   by   $1.7 million   primarily due to the timing of CAF Phase II transitional revenue. 
                
    Miscellaneous revenue   increased   by   $3.0 million   due to lower PAP/WPP service credits, revenue assurance activities, higher late payment fees and higher special purpose projects.  
     Cost of Services and Sales 
  Cost of services and sales includes the following costs directly attributable to a service or product: salaries and wages, benefits (including stock based compensation, but excluding the net periodic benefit cost of other post-employment benefit plans and qualified pension plans), materials and supplies, contracted services, network access and transport costs, customer provisioning costs, computer systems support and cost of products sold. Aggregate customer care costs, which include billing and service provisioning, are allocated between cost of services and sales and selling, general and administrative expenses. We expect the cost of services and sales to fluctuate with revenue and decrease due to lower employee expenses and lower labor negotiation related expense as a result of the collective bargaining agreements described in  Labor Matters  herein. 
  The following table reflects the primary drivers of year-over-year changes in cost of services and sales (dollars in millions): 

(1) 
    We recognized $39.4 million and $42.4 million for the   three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015  , respectively, and $124.8 million and $121.4 million for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015  , respectively, of employee expense as cost of services and sales.  The decrease for the   three months ended September 30, 2016   compared to the comparable period of   2015   is primarily due to a reduction in headcount and a lower bonus accrual. The increase for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   compared to the comparable period of   2015   is primarily due to the work stoppage described in "Labor Matters" herein partially offset by a reduction in headcount and a lower bonus accrual.  
              (2) 
    Labor negotiation related expense is related primarily to contracted services incurred during the   three and nine months ended September 30, 2015   as a result of the work stoppage described in "Labor Matters" herein.  
     
   32 

     Table of Contents  

(4) 
    Other cost of services and sales has decreased primarily due to lower back-office expenses.  
     Other Post-Employment Benefit and Pension Expense 
  We expect other post-employment benefit and pension expense to decrease in 2016 compared to 2015 as we continue to recognize a net benefit for the elimination of other post-employment benefits for active represented employees as a result of the collective bargaining agreements described in  Labor Matters  herein.  As described further in note (9) "Employee Benefit Plans" to our condensed consolidated financial statements in "Part I. Financial Information - Item 1. Financial Statements" included elsewhere in this Quarterly Report, we expect to recognize a net benefit of approximately $42.3 million for other post-employment benefits expense and pension expense in the fourth quarter of 2016 from amortization of prior service credits and actuarial losses, absent any future events that require a remeasurement.  Changes in discount rates and assumptions may impact the expense.  We expect other post-employment benefits expense to increase since the prior service credit was fully amortized during the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  . 
  The following table reflects the primary drivers of year-over-year changes in other post-employment benefit and pension expense (dollars in millions): 

(1) 
    The decrease in the net periodic benefit cost for the   three months ended September 30, 2016   compared to the comparable period of   2015   for our other post-employment benefit plans is primarily attributable to lower amortization of the net actuarial loss of $14.7 million in the   third   quarter of   2016   partially offset by lower amortization of the net prior service credits of $0.5 million compared to the comparable period of   2015  .  The decrease in the net periodic benefit cost for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   compared to the comparable period of   2015   for our other post-employment benefit plans is primarily attributable to the additional amortization of the net prior service credits of $50.3 million as well as decreases in service and interest costs resulting from the lower projected benefit obligation.  
              (2) 
    The increase in the net periodic benefit cost for the   three months ended September 30, 2016   compared to the comparable period of   2015   for our qualified pension plans is primarily attributable to a plan curtailment in the third quarter of 2015.     The increase in the net periodic benefit cost for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   compared to the comparable period of   2015   for our qualified pension plans is primarily attributable to a plan curtailment in the third quarter of 2015 partially offset by a decrease in service cost from the reduction in the projected benefit obligation and lower amortization of actuarial losses.  
     
   33 

     Table of Contents  

Selling, General and Administrative Expense 
  Selling, general and administrative ("SG A") expense includes salaries and wages and benefits (including stock based compensation, but excluding the net periodic benefit cost of other post-employment benefit plans and qualified pension plans) not directly attributable to a service or product, bad debt charges, taxes other than income, advertising and sales commission costs, customer billing, call center and information technology costs, professional service fees and rent for administrative space. We expect SG A expense to decrease primarily due to lower employee expenses and lower labor negotiation related expense as a result of the collective bargaining agreements described in  Labor Matters  herein.   
  The following table reflects the primary drivers of year-over-year changes in SG A expense (dollars in millions): 

(1) 
    We recognized $23.9 million and $27.5 million for the   three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015  , respectively, and $78.1 million and $79.8 million for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015  , respectively, of employee expense in SG A expense. The decrease for the   three months ended September 30, 2016   compared to the comparable period of   2015   is primarily due to a reduction in headcount and a lower bonus accrual. The decrease for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   compared to the comparable period of   2015   is primarily due to a reduction in headcount and a lower bonus accrual partially offset by the work stoppage described in "Labor Matters" herein.  
              (2) 
    Labor negotiation related expense is primarily related to contingent workforce expenses as well as communications and public relations, legal and training expenses incurred during the third quarter of 2015 and the nine months ended September 30, 2015. 
              (3) 
    The three and nine months ended September 30, 2015 includes an operating tax settlement. 
                (6) 
    The change in other expenses for the   three and nine months ended September 30, 2016   compared to the comparable periods of   2015   was primarily due to the timing of spending for contracted services and advertising costs. 
     Depreciation and Amortization 
  Depreciation and amortization includes depreciation of our communications network and equipment and amortization of intangible assets. We require significant capital expenditures to maintain, upgrade and enhance our network facilities and operations.  We expect our capital expenditures and depreciation expense to remain consistent in the coming years.  We expect amortization expense to remain consistent throughout the remainder of our intangible assets' useful lives. 
  We recognized $52.1 million and $53.5 million for the   three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015  , respectively, and $159.4 million and $159.0 million for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015  , respectively, of depreciation expense.  We recognized   $2.8 million   of amortization expense in each of the quarters ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively and $8.3 million in each of the   nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015  , respectively. 
  
   34 

     Table of Contents  

Interest Expense 
  The following table reflects a summary of interest expense (in millions): 

Interest expense increased $0.4 million (2%) in the   three months ended September 30, 2016   as compared to the same period in   2015   and increased $1.9 million (3%) in the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   as compared to the same period in   2015  . 
  On February 14, 2013, we issued $300.0 million aggregate principal amount of the Notes and entered into the Credit Agreement Loans, which include the $640.0 million Term Loan outstanding and the undrawn $75.0 million Revolving Facility (as defined in " Liquidity and Capital Resources Debt". The Notes accrue interest at a rate of 8.75% per annum. Interest on borrowings under the Credit Agreement Loans accrues at an annual rate equal to either LIBOR or the base rate, in each case plus an applicable margin. In addition, the Term Loan was issued at a $19.4 million discount, which is being amortized using the effective interest method. As of   September 30, 2016  , we were party to interest rate swap agreements, which became effective as of September 30, 2015. 
   For further information regarding the Credit Agreement Loans and the Notes,   see   " Liquidity and Capital Resources Debt" herein and note (6) "Long-term Debt" and note (7) "Interest Rate Swap Agreements" to our condensed consolidated financial statements in "Part I. Financial Information - Item 1. Financial Statements" included elsewhere in this Quarterly Report.  
  Income Taxes 
  The Company recorded tax expense on the pre-tax net income for the   three months ended September 30, 2016   of   $17.2 million   and tax benefit on the pre-tax net income for the   three months ended September 30, 2015   of   $0.7 million  , which equates to an effective tax rate of   29.9%   and   (1.2)%  , respectively, by applying the projected full year effective rate.  Tax expense of   $37.6 million   on the pre-tax net income for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   and tax benefit of   $0.6 million   on the pre-tax net income for the   nine months ended September 30, 2015   equates to an effective tax rate of   29.9%   and   (1.2)%  , respectively, by applying the projected full year effective rate.  For   2016  , the projected annual effective tax rate differs from the   35%   federal statutory rate primarily due to a decrease in the valuation allowance offset by tax expense related to state taxes. For   2015  , the projected annual effective tax rate differs from the   35%   federal statutory rate primarily due to a decrease in the valuation allowance offset by tax expense related to state taxes. 
   
  Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
  We report our financial results in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ("GAAP").  The table below includes certain non-GAAP financial measures and the adjustments to the most directly comparable GAAP measure used to determine the non-GAAP measures. Management believes that the non-GAAP measures may be useful to investors in understanding period-to-period operating performance and in identifying historical and prospective trends that may not otherwise be apparent when relying solely on GAAP financial measures. In addition, management believes the non-GAAP measures are useful for investors because they enable them to view performance in a manner similar to the method used by the Company's management. Management believes earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization ("EBITDA"), as adjusted to exclude the effect of items that are further described below ("Adjusted EBITDA"), provides a useful measure of covenant compliance and Unlevered Free Cash Flow (as defined below) may be useful to investors in assessing the Company's ability to generate cash and meet its debt service requirements.  The maintenance covenants contained in the Company's credit facility are based on Consolidated EBITDA, which is consistent with the calculation of Adjusted EBITDA below.     
  For purposes of calculating Adjusted EBITDA (in accordance with the definition of Consolidated EBITDA in our Credit Agreement), costs, expenses and charges related to the renegotiation of labor contracts including, but not limited to, expenses for third-party vendors and losses related to disruption of operations (including any associated penalties under service level agreements and regulatory performance plans) are permitted to be excluded from the calculation. We believe this includes, among others, the costs paid to third-parties for the contingent workforce and service quality penalties due to the disruption of operations.  On October  
  
   35 

     Table of Contents  

17, 2014, two of our labor unions in northern New England initiated a work stoppage and returned to work on February 25, 2015.  As a result, significant union employee and vehicle and other related expenses related to northern New England were not incurred between January 1, 2015 and February 24, 2015 (the "work stoppage period"). Therefore, to assist in the evaluation of the Company's operating performance without the impact of the work stoppage, we estimated the union employee and vehicle and other related expenses using historical data for the work stoppage period that we believe would have been incurred absent the work stoppage ("Estimated Avoided Costs").  Estimated Avoided Costs is a pro forma estimate only.  Actual costs absent the strike may have been different.  In the first quarter of 2015, had our incumbent workforce been in place, actual labor costs during the work stoppage period may have been higher than the $27 million recorded as Estimated Avoided Costs due to significant winter storm activity that increased our service demands; however, those incremental storm-related costs would have been an allowed add back to Adjusted EBITDA under the Credit Agreement. Estimated employee expenses avoided during the work stoppage period include salaries and wages, bonus, overtime, capitalized labor, benefits, payroll taxes, travel expenses and other employee related costs based on a trailing 12-month average calculated per striking employee per day during the work stoppage period less any actual expense incurred. Estimated vehicle fuel and maintenance expense savings, which resulted from the contingent workforce utilizing their own vehicles, for the work stoppage period were estimated based on a trailing 12-month average of historical costs less actual expense incurred. Management believes "Adjusted EBITDA minus Estimated Avoided Costs" and "Unlevered Free Cash Flow minus Estimated Avoided Costs" may be useful to investors in understanding our operating performance without the impact of the two unions' work stoppage in northern New England as described elsewhere in this Quarterly Report. 
  The non-GAAP financial measures, as used herein, are not necessarily comparable to similarly titled measures of other companies. Furthermore, these non-GAAP measures have limitations as analytical tools and should not be considered in isolation from, or as an alternative to, net income or loss, operating income, cash flow or other combined income or cash flow data prepared in accordance with GAAP. Because of these limitations, Adjusted EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA minus Estimated Avoided Costs, Unlevered Free Cash Flow and Unlevered Free Cash Flow minus Estimated Avoided Costs should not be considered as measures of discretionary cash available to invest in business growth or reduce indebtedness. The Company compensates for these limitations by relying primarily on its GAAP results and using the non-GAAP measures only supplementally. 
  A reconciliation of Adjusted EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA minus Estimated Avoided Costs, Unlevered Free Cash Flow and Unlevered Free Cash Flow minus Estimated Avoided Costs to net income is provided in the table below (in thousands): 

36 

     Table of Contents  

(1) For purposes of calculating Adjusted EBITDA (in accordance with the definition of Consolidated EBITDA in the Company's credit agreement), the Company adjusts net income for interest, income taxes, depreciation and amortization, in addition to: 
  (a)  the add-back of aggregate pension and other post-employment benefits expense, 
  (b)  the add-back (or subtraction) of the adjustment to the compensated absences accrual to eliminate the impact of changes in the accrual, 
  (c)  the add-back of costs related to the reorganization, including professional fees for advisors and consultants, 
  (d)  the add-back of other non-cash items, including stock compensation expense, except to the extent they will require a cash payment in a future period, and 
  (e)  the add-back (or subtraction) of other items, including facility and office closures, labor negotiation related expenses (including losses related to disruption of operations), non-cash gains/losses and non-operating dividend and interest income and other extraordinary gains/losses. 
  (2) See paragraphs preceding the table above for information regarding the calculation of this non-GAAP measure. 
  (3) Unlevered Free Cash Flow refers to Adjusted EBITDA (calculated in accordance with the definition of Consolidated EBITDA in the Company's credit agreement) minus capital expenditures, cash pension contributions and other post-employment benefits cash payments.  
   
  Liquidity and Capital Resources 
  Overview 
  Our current and future liquidity is dependent upon our operating results. We expect that our primary sources of liquidity will be net cash provided by operating activities, cash on hand and funds available under the Revolving Facility. Our short-term and long-term liquidity needs arise primarily from:  
           (i) 
    interest and principal payments on our indebtedness;  
              (ii) 
    capital expenditures;  
              (iii) 
    working capital requirements as may be needed to support and grow our business; and  
              (iv) 
    contributions to our qualified pension plans and payments under our other post-employment benefit plans.  
     Based on our current and anticipated levels of operations and conditions in our markets, we believe that cash on hand, the  Revolving Facility and net cash provided by operating activities will enable us to meet our working capital, capital expenditure, debt service, acquisitions and other funding requirements for at least the next 12 months. We may from time to time seek to purchase our outstanding debt and/or equity through cash purchases in the open market, privately negotiated transactions or otherwise.  Such repurchases, if any, will depend on prevailing market conditions, our liquidity requirements, contractual restrictions and other factors. We were in compliance with the maintenance covenants contained in the Credit Agreement (as defined below) as of   September 30, 2016   and expect to remain in compliance for the remainder of   2016  . 
  Cash Flows 
  Cash at   September 30, 2016   totaled   $33.1 million   compared to   $26.6 million   at   December 31, 2015  , excluding restricted cash of   $0.7 million   and   $0.7 million  , respectively. During the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , the change in net cash was due to cash flows from operations of   $96.4 million  , which included outflows due to the scheduled semi-annual interest payments on the Notes and the payment of 2015 annual performance bonuses, partially offset by cash outflows for capital expenditures of   $82.9 million  .  During the   nine months ended September 30, 2015  , the change in net cash was due to cash outflows for capital expenditures of   $82.9 million  , partially offset by cash flows from operations of   $67.5 million  , which included outflows due to the scheduled semi-annual interest payments on the Notes and the payment of 2014 annual performance bonuses.  
  
   37 

     Table of Contents  

The following table sets forth our condensed consolidated cash flow results reflected in our condensed consolidated statements of cash flows (in millions): 

Operating activities.     Net cash provided by operating activities is our primary source of funds. Net cash provided by operating activities for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016     increased     $28.9 million   compared to the same period in   2015  , primarily due to lower labor negotiation related expenses and lower operating expenses, partially offset by a reduction in revenues. 
  Investing activities.     Net cash used in investing activities for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016     increased     $1.7 million   compared to the same period in   2015  . Capital expenditures were   $82.9 million   and   $82.9 million   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015  , respectively. In addition, we completed an immaterial business acquisition during the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  .  
  Financing activities.     Net cash used in financing activities for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016     increased     $0.1 million   compared to the same period in   2015  . 
  Pension Contributions and Post-Employment Benefit Plan Expenditures 
  During the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , we contributed   $11.9 million   to our Company-sponsored qualified defined benefit pension plans and funded benefit payments of   $4.2 million   under our post-employment benefit plans. 
  On August 8, 2014, the Highway and Transportation Funding Act (the "Act") was signed into law. This Act contained a pension funding stabilization provision which allows pension plan sponsors to use higher discount rate assumptions when determining the funded status and, accordingly, the funding obligations for its pension plans. The provisions of the Act will result in our 2016 minimum required pension plan contribution being lower than it would have been in the absence of this stabilization provision. We believe that the intent of the stabilization provision is to alter the timing of pension plan contributions, not to reduce the long-term funding of pension plans. Accordingly, the relief we will receive as a result of the stabilization provision may be temporary in nature in that our near-term minimum required contributions will be less than they otherwise would have been without the passage of this Act and will increase in the medium to long-term. 
  In   2016  , we expect our aggregate cash pension contributions and cash post-employment benefit payments to be approximately $22 million. In 2017, we expect our aggregate cash pension contributions and cash other post-employment benefit plan payments to be approximately $24 million.    See   "Item 1A. Risk Factors in our 2015 Annual Report  The amount we are required to contribute to our qualified pension plans and post-employment benefit plans is impacted by several factors that are beyond our control and changes in those factors may result in a significant increase in future cash contributions." 
  Capital Expenditures 
  We require significant capital expenditures to maintain, upgrade and enhance our network facilities and operations. During the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , our net capital expenditures totaled   $82.9 million  , compared to   $82.9 million   during the comparable period in   2015  . We anticipate that we will fund future capital expenditures through cash flows from operations and cash on hand. In   2016  , capital expenditures are expected to be approximately $115 million. Our capital expenditures in the coming years will be impacted by our CAF Phase II elections as further described in "Regulatory and Legislative" herein. 
  Debt 
  February 2013 Refinancing.   On February 14, 2013 (the "Refinancing Closing Date"), we completed the refinancing of our old credit agreement (the "Refinancing"). In connection with the Refinancing, we (i) issued $300.0 million aggregate principal amount of 8.75% senior secured notes due in 2019 (the "Notes") in a private offering exempt from registration under the Securities Act pursuant to an indenture that we entered into on the Refinancing Closing Date (the "Indenture") and (ii) entered into a new credit agreement (the "Credit Agreement"), dated as of the Refinancing Closing Date. The Credit Agreement provides for a $75.0 million revolving credit facility, including a sub-facility for the issuance of up to $40.0 million in letters of credit (the "Revolving Facility"), and a $640.0 million term loan facility (the "Term Loan" and, together with the Revolving Facility, the " Credit Agreement Loans"). On the Refinancing Closing Date, we used the proceeds of the Notes offering, together with $640.0 million of borrowings  
  
   38 

     Table of Contents  

under the Term Loan and cash on hand to (i) repay principal of $946.5 million outstanding on the old term loan, plus approximately $7.7 million of accrued interest and (ii) pay approximately $32.6 million of fees, expenses and other costs related to the Refinancing.   
  The Credit Agreement.   In connection with the Refinancing, we entered into the Credit Agreement, which provides for the $75.0 million Revolving Facility, including a sub-facility for the issuance of up to $40.0 million in letters of credit, and the $640.0 million Term Loan. The principal amount of the Term Loan and commitments under the Revolving Facility may be increased by an aggregate amount up to $200.0 million, subject to certain terms and conditions specified in the Credit Agreement. The Term Loan will mature on February 14, 2019 and the Revolving Facility will mature on February 14, 2018, subject in each case to extensions pursuant to the terms of the Credit Agreement. As of   September 30, 2016  , we had   $60.2 million  , net of   $14.8 million   of outstanding letters of credit, available for borrowing under the Revolving Facility.  
  Interest Rates and Fees.   Interest on borrowings under the Credit Agreement Loans accrue at an annual rate equal to either LIBOR or the base rate, in each case plus an applicable margin. LIBOR is the per annum rate for an interest period of one, two, three or six months (at our election), with a minimum LIBOR floor of 1.25% for the Term Loan. The base rate for any date is the per annum rate equal to the greatest of (x) the federal funds effective rate plus 0.50%, (y) the rate of interest publicly quoted from time to time by The Wall Street Journal as the United States ''Prime Rate'' and (z) LIBOR with an interest period of one month plus 1.00%. The applicable margin for the Term Loan is (a) 6.25% per annum with respect to term loans bearing interest based on LIBOR or (b) 5.25% per annum with respect to term loans bearing interest based on the base rate. The applicable rate for the Revolving Facility is, initially, (a) 5.50% with respect to revolving loans bearing interest based on LIBOR or (b) 4.50% per annum with respect to revolving loans bearing interest based on the base rate, in each case subject to adjustment based on our consolidated total leverage ratio, as defined in the Credit Agreement. We are required to pay a quarterly letter of credit fee on the average daily amount available to be drawn under letters of credit issued under the Revolving Facility equal to the applicable rate for revolving loans bearing interest based on LIBOR plus a fronting fee of 0.125% per annum on the average daily amount available to be drawn under such letters of credit.  In addition, we are required to pay a quarterly commitment fee on the average daily unused portion of the Revolving Facility, which is 0.50% initially, subject to reduction to 0.375% based on our consolidated total leverage ratio.  In the third quarter of 2013, we entered into interest rate swap agreements with a combined notional amount of $170.0 million with three counterparties that are effective for a two year period beginning on September 30, 2015 and maturing on September 30, 2017.  Each respective swap agreement requires us to pay a fixed rate of 2.665% and provides that we will receive a variable rate based on the three month LIBOR rate, subject to a minimum LIBOR floor of 1.25%. Amounts payable by or due to us will be net settled with the respective counterparties on the last business day of each fiscal quarter, commencing December 31, 2015.   For further information regarding these agreements,   see   note (7) "Interest Rate Swap Agreements" to our condensed consolidated financial statements in  Item 1. Financial Statements  included elsewhere in this Quarterly Report. 
  Security/Guarantors.   All obligations under the Credit Agreement, together with certain designated hedging obligations and cash management obligations, are unconditionally guaranteed on a senior secured basis by certain subsidiaries of FairPoint Communications (the "Subsidiary Guarantors") and secured by a first-priority lien on substantially all personal property of FairPoint Communications and the Subsidiary Guarantors, subject to certain exclusions set forth in the related security documents, pari passu with the lien securing the obligations under the Notes.  
  Mandatory Repayments.   We are required to make quarterly repayments of the Term Loan in a principal amount equal to $1.6 million during the term of the Credit Agreement, with such repayments being reduced based on the application of mandatory and optional prepayments of the Term Loan made from time to time. In addition, mandatory repayments are due under the Credit Agreement with (i) a percentage, initially equal to 50% and subject to reduction to 25% in subsequent fiscal years based on our consolidated total leverage ratio, of our excess cash flow, as defined in the Credit Agreement, (ii) the net cash proceeds of certain asset dispositions, insurance proceeds and condemnation awards and (iii) issuances of debt not permitted to be incurred under the Credit Agreement. No premium is required in connection with prepayments. We did not make any optional or mandatory prepayments under the Credit Agreement, excluding mandatory quarterly repayments discussed above, during the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  .  
  Covenants.   The Credit Agreement contains customary representations and warranties and affirmative and negative covenants for a transaction of this type, including two financial maintenance covenants: (i) a consolidated interest coverage ratio and (ii) a consolidated total leverage ratio. The Credit Agreement also contains a covenant limiting the maximum amount of capital expenditures that we and our subsidiaries may make in any fiscal year.  
  Events of Default.   The Credit Agreement also contains customary events of default.  
  The Notes.     On the Refinancing Closing Date, we issued $300.0 million in aggregate principal amount of the Notes pursuant to the Indenture in a private offering exempt from registration under the Securities Act.  
  The terms of the Notes are governed by the Indenture. The Notes are senior secured obligations of FairPoint Communications and are guaranteed by the Subsidiary Guarantors. The Notes and the guarantees thereof are secured by a first-priority lien on  
  
   39 

     Table of Contents  

substantially all personal property of FairPoint Communications and the Subsidiary Guarantors, subject to certain exclusions set forth in the related security documents, pari passu with the lien securing the obligations under the Credit Agreement. The Notes will mature on August 15, 2019 and accrue interest at a rate of 8.75% per annum, which is payable semi-annually in arrears on February 15 and August 15 of each year.   
  Notes redeemed after February 15, 2016 and prior to February 15, 2017 may be redeemed at   104.375%   of the aggregate principal amount; Notes redeemed on or after February 15, 2017 and prior to February 15, 2018 may be redeemed at   102.188%   of the aggregate principal amount; and Notes redeemed on or after February 15, 2018 may be redeemed at their par value. 
  The holders of the Notes have the ability to require us to repurchase all or any part of the Notes if we experience certain kinds of changes in control or engage in certain asset sales, in each case at the repurchase prices and subject to the terms and conditions set forth in the Indenture. 
  The Indenture contains certain covenants which are customary with respect to non-investment grade debt securities, including limitations on our ability to incur additional indebtedness, pay dividends on or make other distributions or repurchase our capital stock, make certain investments, enter into certain types of transactions with affiliates, create liens and sell certain assets or merge with or into other companies. These covenants are subject to a number of important limitations and exceptions. 
  The Indenture also provides for customary events of default, including cross defaults to other specified debt of FairPoint Communications and certain of its subsidiaries.  
   
  Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
  As of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015   we had   $14.8 million   and $14.2 million, respectively, in outstanding letters of credit under the Revolving Facility and $4.1 million and $4.0 million, respectively, of surety bonds. We do not have any other off-balance sheet arrangements, other than our operating lease obligations, which are not reflected on our balance sheets.  
   
  Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
  Our critical accounting policies are as follows: 
     Revenue recognition; 
     Allowance for doubtful accounts; 
     Accounting for qualified pension and other post-employment benefits; 
     Accounting for income taxes; 
     Depreciation of property, plant and equipment; 
     Stock-based compensation; and 
     Valuation of long-lived assets and indefinite-lived intangible assets. 
  There have been no material changes to our critical accounting policies described in the   2015   Annual Report. 
   
  New Accounting Standards 
  For details of recent Accounting Standards Updates and our evaluation of their adoption on our condensed consolidated financial statements,   see   note (3) "Recent Accounting Pronouncements" to our condensed consolidated financial statements in "Part I. Financial Information - Item I. Financial Statements" included elsewhere in this Quarterly Report. 
   
  Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk. 
  We are exposed to market risk in the normal course of our business operations due to ongoing investing and funding activities, including those associated with the variable interest rate in our Credit Agreement and our qualified pension plan assets. Market risk refers to the potential change in fair value of a financial instrument as a result of fluctuations in interest rates, fixed income securities and equity prices. We do not hold or issue derivative instruments, derivative commodity instruments or other financial instruments for trading or speculative purposes. Our primary market risk exposures are interest rate risk and investment risk as follows: 
  Interest Rate Risk - Long-Term Debt.     We are exposed to interest rate risk, primarily as it relates to the variable interest rates we are charged under credit agreements to which we are a party. As of   September 30, 2016  , our interest rate risk exposure was attributable to the Credit Agreement, which includes the Term Loan and the Revolving Facility, each of which is subject to variable interest rates. We use our variable rate debt, in addition to fixed rate debt, to finance our operations and capital expenditures and  
  
   40 

     Table of Contents  

believe it is prudent to limit the variability of our interest payments on our variable rate debt. To meet this objective, from time to time, we may enter into interest rate derivative agreements to manage fluctuations in cash flows resulting from interest rate risk.  
  As of   September 30, 2016  , we were party to interest rate swap agreements in connection with borrowings under the Credit Agreement covering a combined notional amount of $170.0 million. These agreements became effective on September 30, 2015. Accordingly, on   September 30, 2016  , only $447.6 million principal balance of the Term Loan was subject to interest rate risk. Interest payments on the Term Loan are subject to a LIBOR floor of 1.25%. As a result, while LIBOR remains below 1.25%, we incur interest at above market rates. To the extent that LIBOR remains below 1.25%, we are buffered from the full financial impact of interest rate risk; however, as LIBOR rises, a change in interest rates could materially affect our condensed consolidated financial statements. For example, with the principal balance of the Term Loan as of   September 30, 2016  , a 1% increase in the interest rate above the LIBOR floor of 1.25% would unfavorably impact interest expense and pre-tax earnings by approximately $4.5 million on an annual basis.  
  For further information regarding the Credit Agreement,   see   "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Liquidity and Capital Resources," and note (6) "Long-Term Debt" and note (7) "Interest Rate Swap Agreements" to our condensed consolidated financial statements in "Part I. Financial Information - Item 1. Financial Statements" included elsewhere in this Quarterly Report. 
     Interest Rate and Investment Risk - Pension Plans.     We are exposed to risks related to the fair value of our pension plan assets and the discount rate used to value our pension plan liabilities and the amount of lump-sum payments made to certain participants. Our pension plan assets consist of a portfolio of fixed income securities, equity securities and cash. Changes in the fair value of this portfolio can occur due to changes in interest rates and the general economy. In addition, interest rates are a primary factor in the determination of our actuarially determined liabilities and, if applicable, the amount of the accrued benefit paid in the form of a lump-sum to a pension plan retiree when requested. Our qualified pension plan assets have historically funded a large portion of the benefits paid under our qualified pension plans. Lower returns on plan assets, decreases in the fair value of plan assets and lower discount rates could negatively impact the funded status of our pension plans and we may be required to make larger contributions to our pension plans than currently anticipated. Due to uncertainties in the pension funding calculation, the amount and timing of pension contributions are unknown other than as disclosed in this Quarterly Report. For activity in our qualified pension plan assets,   see   note (9) "Employee Benefit Plans" to our condensed consolidated financial statements in "Part I. Financial Information - Item 1. Financial Statements" included elsewhere in this Quarterly Report.  
   
  Item 4. Controls and Procedures. 
  Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
  As of the end of the period covered by this Quarterly Report, we carried out an evaluation under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, of the effectiveness of our "disclosure controls and procedures" (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) of the Exchange Act). Disclosure controls and procedures are controls and other procedures of an issuer that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the issuer in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the rules and forms of the SEC. 
  Based upon this evaluation, our principal executive officer and principal financial officer have concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of   September 30, 2016  . 
  Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
  There have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the quarter ended   September 30, 2016   that have materially affected or are reasonably likely to materially affect our internal control over financial reporting. 
   
  PART II OTHER INFORMATION 
   
  Item 1. Legal Proceedings. 
  From time to time, we are involved in litigation and regulatory proceedings arising out of our operations.  For details of legal proceedings,   see   note (13) "Commitments and Contingencies" to our condensed consolidated financial statements in "Item 1. Financial Statements" included elsewhere in this Quarterly Report.  Management believes that we are not currently a party to any legal or regulatory proceedings, the adverse outcome of which, individually or in the aggregate, would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial position or results of operations.  
  
   41 

Table of Contents  

Item 1A. Risk Factors. 
  There have been no material changes to the risk factors disclosed in "Item 1A. Risk Factors" of the   2015   Annual Report. 
   
  Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds. 
  None. 
   
  Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities. 
  Not applicable. 
   
  Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 
  Not applicable. 
   
  Item 5. Other Information. 
  Not applicable. 
   
  Item 6. Exhibits. 
  The exhibits filed as part of this Quarterly Report are listed in the index to exhibits immediately preceding such exhibits, which index to exhibits is incorporated herein by reference. 
  
   42 

Table of Contents  

SIGNATURES 
  Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this Quarterly Report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

F  AIR  P  OINT   C  OMMUNICATIONS  , I  NC  . 

Date: 
    November 2, 2016 
    By: 
    /s/ Karen D. Turner 

Name: 
    Karen D. Turner 

Title: 
    Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

(duly authorized officer and principal financial officer) 

43 

Table of Contents  

Exhibit Index 
                   Exhibit 
  No. 
      
    Description 
      2.1 
      
    Third Amended Joint Plan of Reorganization under Chapter 11 of the Bankruptcy Code.(1) 
      3.1 
      
    Ninth Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of FairPoint.(2) 
      3.2 
      
    Second Amended and Restated By-Laws of FairPoint.(2) 
      4.1 
      
    Warrant Agreement, dated as of January 24, 2011, by and between FairPoint and The Bank of New York Mellon.(3) 
      4.2 
      
    Specimen Stock Certificate.(2) 
      4.3 
      
    Specimen Warrant Certificate.(3) 
      4.4 
      
    Indenture, dated as February 14, 2013, among FairPoint Communications, Inc., the Subsidiary Guarantors and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee.(4) 
      4.5 
      
    First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of September 16, 2013, among FairPoint Communications, Inc., the Subsidiary Guarantors and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee.(5) 
      10.1 
      
    Employment Agreement, made and entered into as of September 6, 2016, by and between FairPoint and Bruce F. Metge. * 
      11 
      
    Statement Regarding Computation of Per Share Earnings (included in the financial statements contained in this Quarterly Report). 
      31.1 
      
    Certification as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.* 
      31.2 
      
    Certification as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.* 
      32.1 
      
    Certification required by 18 United States Code Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.  
      32.2 
      
    Certification required by 18 United States Code Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.  
      101.INS 
      
    XBRL Instance Document.* 
      101.SCH 
      
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document.* 
      101.CAL 
      
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document.* 
      101.DEF 
      
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document.* 
      101.LAB 
      
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document.* 
      101.PRE 
      
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document.* 

* 
    Filed herewith. 
                
    Indicates a management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 
                
    Submitted herewith. Pursuant to SEC Release No. 33-8238, this certification will be treated as "accompanying" this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and not "filed" as part of such report for purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange Act, or otherwise subject to the liability of Section 18 of the Exchange Act and this certification will not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act, except to the extent that the registrant specifically incorporates it by reference. 
       
           (1) 
    Incorporated by reference to the Current Report on Form 8-K of FairPoint filed on January 14, 2011. 
              (2) 
    Incorporated by reference to the Registration Statement on Form 8-A of FairPoint filed on January 24, 2011. 
               (4) 
    Incorporated by reference to the Current Report on Form 8-K of FairPoint filed on February 14, 2013. 
              (5) 
    Incorporated by reference to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of FairPoint for the period ended September 30, 2013. 
     
   44 

<EX-10.1>
 2
 ex101employment_agreementx.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.1

Exhibit 

EXHIBIT 10.1 
  EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT 
  This EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT (this    Agreement   ) is made and entered into as of this 6   th    day of September, 2016 (the    Commencement Date   ) by and between FairPoint Communications, Inc. (the    Company   ), a Delaware corporation, and Bruce F. Metge (the    Executive   ). 
  W I T N E S S E T H   : 
  WHEREAS, the Company desires to employ Executive and to enter into this Agreement embodying the terms of such employment, and Executive desires to enter into this Agreement and to accept such employment, subject to the terms and provisions of this Agreement. 
  NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the promises and mutual covenants contained herein and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are mutually acknowledged, the Company and Executive hereby agree as follows: 
  Section 1.  Definitions  . 
  (a)           Accrued Obligations    shall mean (i) all accrued but unpaid Base Salary through the date of termination of Executive s employment, (ii) any unpaid or unreimbursed expenses incurred in accordance with Section 7 hereof, (iii) any benefits provided under the Company s employee benefit plans upon a termination of employment, in accordance with the terms contained therein, and (iv) any amounts payable under the FairPoint Communications, Inc. Amended and Restated 2010 Long Term Incentive Plan (   LTIP   ), in accordance with the terms contained therein. 
  (b)           Cause    shall mean (i) Executive s act(s) of gross negligence or willful misconduct in the course of Executive s employment hereunder, (ii) willful failure or refusal by Executive to perform in any material respect his duties or responsibilities, (iii) misappropriation (or attempted misappropriation) by Executive of any assets or business opportunities of the Company or any other member of the Company Group, (iv) embezzlement or fraud committed (or attempted) by Executive, or at his direction, (v) Executive s conviction of, indictment for, or pleading  guilty  or   no contest  to, (x) a felony or (y) any other criminal charge that has, or could be reasonably expected to have, an adverse impact on the performance of Executive s duties to the Company or any other member of the Company Group or otherwise result in material injury to the reputation or business of the Company or any other member of the Company Group, (vi) any material violation by Executive of the policies of the Company, including but not limited to those relating to sexual harassment or business conduct, and those otherwise set forth in the manuals or statements of policy of the Company, which violation has a material adverse effect on the Company, or (vii) Executive s material breach of this Agreement or material breach of the Non-Interference Agreement. 

(c)           Change in Control    shall have the same meaning as defined in the LTIP, as in effect on the date hereof; provided, however, that there shall be no provision for any threatened or anticipated Change in Control that does not actually occur. 
  (d)           Disability    shall mean any physical or mental disability or infirmity of Executive that prevents the performance of Executive s duties for a period of (i) ninety (90) consecutive days or (ii) one hundred twenty (120) non-consecutive days during any twelve (12) month period.  Any question as to the existence, extent, or potentiality of Executive s Disability upon which Executive and the Company cannot agree shall be determined by a qualified, independent physician selected by the Company and approved by Executive (which approval shall not be unreasonably withheld).  The determination of any such physician shall be final and conclusive for all purposes of this Agreement. 
  (e)            Good Reason    shall mean, without Executive s consent, (i) a material reduction in Base Salary set forth in Section 4(a) hereof or Annual Bonus opportunity referred to in Section 4(b) hereof, (ii) the relocation of Executive s principal place of employment (as provided in Section 3(b) hereof) more than fifty (50) miles from its current location, or (iii) any other material breach of a provision of this Agreement by the Company (other than a provision that is covered by clause (i) or (ii) above).  Executive acknowledges and agrees that his exclusive remedy in the event of any breach of this Agreement shall be to assert Good Reason pursuant to the terms and conditions of Section 8(e) hereof. Notwithstanding the foregoing, during the Term of Employment, in the event that the Board reasonably believes that Executive may have engaged in conduct that could constitute Cause hereunder, the Board may, in its sole and absolute discretion, suspend Executive from performing his duties hereunder, and in no event shall any such suspension constitute an event pursuant to which Executive may terminate employment with Good Reason or otherwise constitute a breach hereunder;   provided  , that no such suspension shall alter the Company s obligations under this Agreement during such period of suspension.  
  (f)           Person    shall mean any individual, corporation, partnership, limited liability company, joint venture, association, joint stock company, trust (charitable or non-charitable), unincorporated organization, or other form of business entity. 
  Section 2.        Acceptance and Term of Employment  . 
  The Company agrees to employ Executive, and Executive agrees to serve the Company, on the terms and conditions set forth herein.  The term of employment (the    Term of Employment   ) shall commence on the Commencement Date and shall continue during the period ending on the close of business of the three (3) year anniversary of the Commencement Date, unless terminated sooner as provided in Section 8 or unless the Company has provided Executive with notice of its intention to renew the Term of Employment for a specific period of time, such notice to be given not less than one hundred twenty (120) days prior to the expiration of the three (3) year anniversary of the Commencement Date.  Following the three year Term of Employment (or the applicable extension term, if any), the Executive shall continue on an at will basis until such time as the Company provides to Executive a written notice of termination pursuant to the provisions of Section 18 hereof. 
  Section 3.        Position, Duties, and Responsibilities; Place of Performance. 

2 

(a)        Position, Duties and Responsibilities  .  During the Term of Employment, Executive shall be employed and serve as Executive Vice President and Chief Legal Officer of the Company (with such title subject to change from time to time as determined by the Board of Directors of the Company (the    Board   ) together with such other position or positions consistent with Executive s title as the Chief Executive Officer of the Company (the    CEO   ) shall specify from time to time), and shall have such duties and responsibilities commensurate with such title.  Executive also agrees to serve, at the request of the CEO, as an officer of any other direct or indirect subsidiary of the Company (each such subsidiary being, together with the Company, a member of the    Company Group   ), in each case without additional compensation.   
  (b)        Performance  .  Executive shall devote his full business time, attention, skill, and best efforts to the performance of his duties under this Agreement and shall not engage in any other business or occupation during the Term of Employment, including, without limitation, any activity that (x) conflicts with the interests of the Company or any other member of the Company Group, (y) interferes with the proper and efficient performance of Executive s duties for the Company, or (z) interferes with Executive s exercise of judgment in the Company s best interests.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing herein shall preclude Executive from (i) serving, with the prior written consent of the CEO, as a member of the boards of directors or advisory boards (or their equivalents in the case of a non-corporate entity) of non-competing businesses and charitable organizations, (ii) engaging in charitable activities and community affairs, and (iii) managing personal investments and affairs;   provided  ,   however  , that the activities set out in clauses (i), (ii) and (iii) shall be limited by Executive so as not to interfere, individually or in the aggregate, with the performance of his duties and responsibilities hereunder. Executive s principal place of employment shall be in Charlotte, North Carolina, although Executive understands and agrees that he may be required to travel from time to time for business reasons. 
  Section 4.        Compensation  .   
  During the Term of Employment, Executive shall be entitled to the following compensation: 
  (a)        Base Salary  .  Executive shall be paid an annualized base salary (the    Base Salary   ), payable in accordance with the regular payroll practices of the Company, of not less than Three Hundred Thirty Thousand Dollars ($330,000), with increases, if any, as may be approved in writing by the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors (the    Compensation Committee   ). 
  (b)        Annual Bonus  .  Executive shall be eligible for an annual incentive bonus award (the    Annual Bonus   ) through participation in the Company s Annual Incentive Plan in respect of each fiscal year during the Term of Employment, with the actual Annual Bonus payable being based upon the level of achievement of annual Company and individual performance objectives for such fiscal year, as determined by the Compensation Committee and communicated to Executive.  The Annual Bonus shall be paid to Executive at the same time as annual bonuses are generally payable to other senior executives of the Company subject to Executive s continuous employment through the payment date. 

3 

(c)        Other Plans  .  Executive shall be eligible for consideration by the Compensation Committee to participate in the benefit and other plans made available generally to senior executives of the Company, including but not limited to the LTIP, subject to the terms and conditions as may be established from time to time by the Compensation Committee and communicated to Executive.  Upon the occurrence of a Change in Control, all of Executive s unvested benefits under the LTIP shall be accelerated and shall vest in full. 
  (d)        Indemnification  .  The Company shall indemnify Executive and hold Executive harmless in connection with the defense of any lawsuit or other claim to which he is made a party by reason of being an officer or employee of the Company, to the fullest extent permitted by the laws of the State of Delaware, as in effect at the time of the subject act or omission;   provided   that any settlement, consent to judgment, or similar action taken by Executive without the prior written consent of the Company in respect of any such lawsuit or other claim shall not be subject to indemnification hereunder.   
  Section 5.        Employee Benefits  . 
  During the Term of Employment, Executive shall be entitled to participate in health, insurance, retirement, and other benefits provided generally to similarly situated employees of the Company.  Executive shall also be entitled to the same number of holidays, vacation days, and sick days, as well as any other benefits, in each case as are generally allowed to similarly situated employees of the Company in accordance with the Company policy as in effect from time to time.  Nothing contained herein shall be construed to limit the Company s ability to amend, suspend, or terminate any employee benefit plan or policy at any time without providing Executive notice, and the right to do so is expressly reserved.   
  Section 6.        Key-Man Insurance  . 
  At any time during the Term of Employment, the Company shall have the right to insure the life of Executive for the sole benefit of the Company, in such amounts, and with such terms, as it may determine.  All premiums payable thereon shall be the obligation of the Company.  Executive shall have no interest in any such policy, but agrees to cooperate with the Company in procuring such insurance by submitting to physical examinations, supplying all information required by the insurance company, and executing all necessary documents, provided that no financial obligation is imposed on Executive by any such documents. 
  Section 7.        Reimbursement of Business Expenses  . 
  Executive is authorized to incur reasonable business expenses in carrying out his duties and responsibilities under this Agreement, and the Company shall promptly reimburse him for all such reasonable business expenses, subject to documentation in accordance with the Company s policy, as in effect from time to time. 
  Section 8.        Termination of Employment. 
  (a)        General  .  The Term of Employment shall terminate upon the earliest to occur of (i) Executive s death, (ii) a termination by reason of a Disability, (iii) a termination by the Company with or without Cause, (iv) a termination by Executive with or without Good  

4 

Reason, and (v) delivery by the Company to Executive of a termination notice at any time subsequent to the close of business on the last day of the Term of Employment.  Upon any termination of Executive s employment for any reason, except as may otherwise be requested by the Company in writing and agreed upon in writing by Executive, Executive shall resign from any and all directorships, committee memberships, and any other positions Executive holds with the Company or any other member of the Company Group.  Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the payment (or commencement of a series of payments) hereunder of any nonqualified deferred compensation (within the meaning of Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder (the    Code   )) upon a termination of employment shall be delayed until such time as Executive has also undergone a  separation from service  as defined in Treas. Reg. 1.409A-1(h), at which time such nonqualified deferred compensation (calculated as of the date of Executive s termination of employment hereunder) shall be paid (or commence to be paid) to Executive on the schedule set forth in this Section 8 as if Executive had undergone such termination of employment (under the same circumstances) on the date of his ultimate  separation from service.  
  (b)        Termination Due to Death or Disability  .  Executive s employment shall terminate automatically upon his death.  The Company may terminate Executive s employment immediately upon the occurrence of a Disability, such termination to be effective upon Executive s receipt of written notice of such termination.  Upon Executive s death or in the event that Executive s employment is terminated due to his Disability, Executive or his estate or his beneficiaries, as the case may be, shall be entitled to: 
  (i)        The Accrued Obligations; 
  (ii)        Any unpaid Annual Bonus in respect of any completed fiscal year that has ended prior to the date of such termination, which amount shall be paid at such time annual bonuses are paid to other senior executives of the Company, but in no event later than the date that is 2  months following the last day of the fiscal year in which such termination occurred. 
  Following Executive s death or a termination of Executive s employment by reason of a Disability, except as set forth in this Section 8(b), Executive shall have no further rights to any compensation or any other benefits under this Agreement. 
  (c)        Termination by the Company with Cause  . 
  (i)        The Company may terminate Executive s employment at any time with Cause, effective upon Executive s receipt of written notice of such termination;   provided  ,   however  , that with respect to any Cause termination relying on clause (ii) of the definition of Cause set forth in Section 1(b) hereof, to the extent that such act or acts or failure or failures to act are curable, Executive shall be given not less than ten (10) days  written notice by the Board of its intention to terminate him with Cause, such notice to state in detail the particular act or acts or failure or failures to act that constitute the grounds on which the proposed termination with Cause is based, and such termination shall be effective at the expiration of such ten (10) day notice period unless Executive has fully cured such act or acts or failure or failures to act that give rise to Cause during such period. 

5 

(ii)        In the event that the Company terminates Executive s employment with Cause, he shall be entitled only to the Accrued Obligations.  Following such termination of Executive s employment with Cause, except as set forth in this Section 8(c)(ii), Executive shall have no further rights to any compensation or any other benefits under this Agreement. 
  (d)        Termination by the Company without Cause or upon Delivery of a Termination Notice from the Company to the Executive  .  The Company may terminate Executive s employment at any time without Cause, effective upon Executive s receipt of written notice of such termination, or by delivery to Executive of a written notice of termination in accordance with the provisions of Section 2 above. 
  (i)    In the event that Executive s employment is terminated by the Company without Cause (other than due to death or Disability) or upon the Company s delivery of a termination notice, in either case prior to the expiration of the Term of Employment (for example, the termination must be effected or the termination notice must be delivered to Executive prior to the expiration of three (3) years from the Commencement Date), Executive shall be entitled to: 
           (A) 
    The Accrued Obligations, paid as soon as practicable following Executive s termination of employment, but in no event later than the date that is 2  months following the last day of the fiscal year in which such termination occurred; 
              (B) 
    Any unpaid Annual Bonus in respect of any completed fiscal year that has ended prior to the date of such termination, which amount shall be paid at such time annual bonuses are paid to other senior executives of the Company, but in no event later than the date that is 2  months following the last day of the fiscal year in which such termination occurred;  
     (C)    An amount equal to the sum of: 
           (x) 
    two (2) times the amount of Executive s then-current Base Salary, paid as soon as practicable following Executive s termination of employment, but in no event later than the date that is 2  months following the last day of the fiscal year in which such termination occurred; 
              (y) 
    two (2) times the amount of Executive s average Annual Bonus where such average is determined by reference to the actual Annual Bonus paid to Executive for the immediately two (2) preceding fiscal years, paid as soon as practicable following Executive s termination of employment, but in no event later than the date that is 2  months following the last day of the fiscal year in which such termination occurred; 

6 

(z) 
    the cost of continued health and disability insurance coverage for Executive and his covered dependents during the twenty four (24) months following such termination, based on the monthly cost of continuation coverage under COBRA as of the date of termination, as applicable, under the applicable Company benefit plans, such amounts to be paid in accordance with the Company s regular payroll practices; and 
              (D) 
    if any such termination is within six (6) months before or six (6) months after a Change in Control, the amount payable under Section 8(d)(i)(C)(y) shall be adjusted to the greater of (A) the amount payable under Section 8(d)(i)(C)(y), or (B) two (2) times the amount of Executive s target Annual Bonus for the current fiscal year.  To the extent that the amount payable under this Section 8(d)(i)(D) is greater than the amount payable under Section 8(d)(i)(C), the deficiency shall be paid at the effective time of the occurrence of a Change in Control. 
     (ii)    In the event that Executive s employment is terminated by the Company without Cause (other than due to death or Disability) or upon the Company s delivery of a termination notice, in either case after the expiration of the Term of Employment (for example, the termination is effected or the termination notice is delivered to Executive subsequent to the expiration of three (3) years from the Commencement Date, herein an    At Will Termination   ), Executive shall be entitled to the Accrued Obligations only; provided, however, if the At Will Termination is effected within six (6) months prior to a Change in Control, Executive shall be entitled to each of the payments and benefits described in clauses (B), (C) and (D) above. 
  Notwithstanding the foregoing, the payments and benefits described in clauses (B), (C) and (D) above shall immediately terminate, and the Company shall have no further obligations to Executive with respect thereto, in the event that Executive breaches any provision of the Non-Interference Agreement. 
  Following such termination of Executive s employment by the Company without Cause or upon the Company s delivery to Executive of a termination notice, except as set forth in this Section 8(d), Executive shall have no further rights to any compensation or any other benefits under this Agreement. 
  For the avoidance of doubt, Executive s sole and exclusive remedy upon a termination of employment by the Company without Cause or upon the expiration of the Term of Employment, in either case following the Company s delivery to Executive of a termination notice which termination is effected or where the termination notice is delivered prior to the expiration of the date that is three (3) years subsequent to the Commencement Date, shall be receipt of the Severance Benefits and the Accrued Obligations. 
  (e)        Termination by Executive with Good Reason  .  Executive may terminate his employment with Good Reason by providing the Company thirty (30) days  written notice  

7 

setting forth in reasonable specificity the event that constitutes Good Reason, which written notice, to be effective, must be provided to the Company within sixty (60) days of the initial occurrence of such event.  During such thirty (30) day notice period, the Company shall have a cure right (if curable), and if not cured within such period, Executive s termination will be effective upon the expiration of such cure period.  Executive shall be entitled to the same payments and benefits as provided in Section 8(d) hereof for a termination by the Company without Cause, subject to the same conditions on payment and benefits as described in Section 8(d) hereof; provided, however, that Executive shall also be entitled to accelerated vesting of the next tranche of benefits payable under the LTIP.  Following such termination of Executive s employment by Executive with Good Reason, except as set forth in this Section 8(e), Executive shall have no further rights to any compensation or any other benefits under this Agreement.  For the avoidance of doubt, Executive s sole and exclusive remedy upon a termination of employment with Good Reason shall be receipt of the amounts as set forth in this Section 8(e). 
  (f)        Termination by Executive without Good Reason or upon Delivery by Executive to Company of a Termination Notice  .  Executive may terminate his employment without Good Reason by providing the Company thirty (30) days  written notice of such termination or by delivery of a written termination notice in accordance with the provisions of Section 2 above.  In the event of a termination of employment by Executive under this Section 8(f), Executive shall be entitled only to the Accrued Obligations.  In the event of termination of Executive s employment without Good Reason, the Company may, in its sole and absolute discretion, by written notice accelerate such date of termination without changing the characterization of such termination as a termination by Executive without Good Reason.  Following such termination of Executive s employment by Executive without Good Reason or upon Executive s delivery to Company of a termination notice, except as set forth in this Section 8(f), Executive shall have no further rights to any compensation or any other benefits under this Agreement.   
  (g)        Release  .  Notwithstanding any provision herein to the contrary, the payment of any amount or provision of any benefit pursuant to subsection (b), (d), or (e) of this Section 8 (other than the Accrued Obligations) (collectively, the    Severance Benefits   ) shall be conditioned upon Executive s execution, delivery to the Company, and non-revocation of a release of claims (under a release of claims form, the form and content of which are acceptable to the Company, and the expiration of any revocation period contained in such release of claims) within sixty (60) days following the date of Executive s termination of employment hereunder.  If Executive fails to execute the release of claims in such a timely manner so as to permit any revocation period to expire prior to the end of such sixty (60) day period, or timely revokes his acceptance of such release following its execution, Executive shall not be entitled to any of the Severance Benefits.  Further, to the extent that any of the Severance Benefits constitutes  nonqualified deferred compensation  for purposes of Section 409A of the Code, any payment of any amount or provision of any benefit otherwise scheduled to occur prior to the sixtieth (60   th   ) day following the date of Executive s termination of employment hereunder, but for the condition on executing the release of claims as set forth herein, shall not be made until the first regularly scheduled payroll date following such sixtieth (60   th   ) day, after which any remaining Severance Benefits shall thereafter be provided to Executive according to the applicable schedule set forth herein.  For the avoidance of doubt, in the event of a termination due to Executive s death or Disability, Executive s obligations herein to execute and not revoke the release of claims  

8 

may be satisfied on his behalf by his estate or a person having legal power of attorney over his affairs. 
  Section 9.        Non-Interference Agreement  .   
  As a condition to receipt of the benefits set forth under this Agreement, to which Executive acknowledges are incremental to the benefits and compensation available to Executive immediately prior to the Commencement Date, Executive shall have executed and delivered to the Company a non-interference agreement (the    Non-Interference Agreement   ) in the form of the Confidentiality, Non-Interference and Invention Assignment Agreement attached hereto as   Exhibit A  .  The parties hereto acknowledge and agree that this Agreement and the Non-Interference Agreement shall be considered separate contracts. 
  Section 10.        Representations and Warranties of Executive  .   
  Executive represents and warrants to the Company that: 
  (a)        Executive is entering into this Agreement voluntarily and that his employment hereunder and compliance with the terms and conditions hereof will not conflict with or result in the breach by him of any agreement to which he is a party or by which he may be bound; 
  (b)        Executive has not violated, and in connection with his employment with the Company will not violate, any non-solicitation, non-competition, or other similar covenant or agreement of a prior employer by which he is or may be bound; and 
  (c)        in connection with his employment with the Company, Executive will not use any confidential or proprietary information he may have obtained in connection with employment with any prior employer. 
  Section 11.        Taxes  . 
  The Company may withhold from any payments made under this Agreement all applicable taxes, including but not limited to income, employment, and social insurance taxes, as shall be required by law.  Executive acknowledges and represents that the Company has not provided any tax advice to him in connection with this Agreement and that he has been advised by the Company to seek tax advice from his own tax advisors regarding this Agreement and payments that may be made to him pursuant to this Agreement, including specifically, the application of the provisions of Section 409A of the Code to such payments. 
  Section 12.        Mitigation; Company Recovery Rights  . 
  Executive shall not be required to mitigate the amount of any payment provided pursuant to this Agreement by seeking other employment or otherwise, and the amount of any payment provided for pursuant to this Agreement shall not be reduced by any compensation earned as a result of Executive s other employment or otherwise.  Any payment pursuant to this Agreement shall, however, be subject to any rights the Company may have under Section 304(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 or Section 954 of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act. 

9 

Section 13.        Additional Tax and Section 409A Provisions  .   
  (a)        If any payment or benefit Executive would receive pursuant to this Agreement (   Payment   ) would constitute a  Parachute Payment  within the meaning of Section 280G of the Code and would be subject to the excise tax imposed by Section 4999 of the Code (the    Excise Tax   ), then the Executive will have the option to accept the  Reduced Amount  (as defined below) or accept the Payment in full, in which case Executive will be responsible for the payment of the Excise Tax and any other taxes that may be due as a result of her receipt of the Payment. The    Reduced Amount    will be the largest portion of the Payment that would result in no portion of the Payment being subject to the Excise Tax. If a reduction in payments or benefits constituting Parachute Payments is necessary so that the Payment equals the Reduced Amount, reduction shall occur as designated by the Executive. 
           (b) 
    Notwithstanding any provision in this Agreement to the contrary: 
     (i)        Any payment otherwise required to be made hereunder to Executive at any date as a result of the termination of Executive s employment shall be delayed for such period of time as may be necessary to meet the requirements of Section 409A(a)(2)(B)(i) of the Code (the    Delay Period   ).  On the first business day following the expiration of the Delay Period, Executive shall be paid, in a single cash lump sum, an amount equal to the aggregate amount of all payments delayed pursuant to the preceding sentence, and any remaining payments not so delayed shall continue to be paid pursuant to the payment schedule set forth herein.   
  (ii)        Each payment in a series of payments hereunder shall be deemed to be a separate payment for purposes of Section 409A of the Code. 
  (iii)        To the extent that any right to reimbursement of expenses or payment of any benefit in-kind under this Agreement constitutes nonqualified deferred compensation (within the meaning of Section 409A of the Code), (i) any such expense reimbursement shall be made by the Company no later than the last day of the taxable year following the taxable year in which such expense was incurred by Executive, (ii) the right to reimbursement or in-kind benefits shall not be subject to liquidation or exchange for another benefit, and (iii) the amount of expenses eligible for reimbursement or in-kind benefits provided during any taxable year shall not affect the expenses eligible for reimbursement or in-kind benefits to be provided in any other taxable year;   provided  ,     that the foregoing clause shall not be violated with regard to expenses reimbursed under any arrangement covered by Section 105(b) of the Code solely because such expenses are subject to a limit related to the period the arrangement is in effect. 
  (iv)        While the payments and benefits provided hereunder are intended to be structured in a manner to avoid the implication of any penalty taxes under Section 409A of the Code, in no event whatsoever shall the Company or any member of the Company Group be liable for any additional tax, interest, or penalties that may be imposed on Executive as a result of Section 409A of the Code or any damages for failing to comply with Section 409A of the Code (other than for withholding obligations or other obligations applicable to employers, if any, under Section 409A of the Code). 

10 

Section 14.        Successors and Assigns; No Third-Party Beneficiaries  .   
  (a)        The Company  .  This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of the Company and its respective successors and assigns.  Neither this Agreement nor any of the rights, obligations, or interests arising hereunder may be assigned by the Company to a Person (other than another member of the Company Group, or its or their respective successors) without Executive s prior written consent (which shall not be unreasonably withheld, delayed, or conditioned);   provided  ,   however  , that in the event of a sale of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company, the Company may provide that this Agreement will be assigned to, and assumed by, the acquiror of such assets, it being agreed that in such circumstances, Executive s consent will not be required in connection therewith.   
  (b)        Executive  .  Executive s rights and obligations under this Agreement shall not be transferable by Executive by assignment or otherwise, without the prior written consent of the Company;   provided  ,   however  , upon Executive s death, all amounts then payable to Executive hereunder shall be paid in accordance with the terms of this Agreement to Executive s devisee, legatee, or other designee, or if there be no such designee, to Executive s estate. 
  (c)        No Third-Party Beneficiaries  .  Except as otherwise set forth in Section 8(b) or Section 14(b) hereof, nothing expressed or referred to in this Agreement will be construed to give any Person other than the Company, the other members of the Company Group, and Executive any legal or equitable right, remedy, or claim under or with respect to this Agreement or any provision of this Agreement. 
  Section 15.        Waiver and Amendments  .   
  Any waiver, alteration, amendment, or modification of any of the terms of this Agreement shall be valid only if made in writing and signed by each of the parties hereto;   provided  ,   however  , that any such waiver, alteration, amendment, or modification must be consented to on the Company s behalf by the Board.  No waiver by either of the parties hereto of their rights hereunder shall be deemed to constitute a waiver with respect to any subsequent occurrences or transactions hereunder unless such waiver specifically states that it is to be construed as a continuing waiver. 
  Section 16.        Severability.   
  If any covenants or such other provisions of this Agreement are found to be invalid or unenforceable by a final determination of a court of competent jurisdiction, (a) the remaining terms and provisions hereof shall be unimpaired, and (b) the invalid or unenforceable term or provision hereof shall be deemed replaced by a term or provision that is valid and enforceable and that comes closest to expressing the intention of the invalid or unenforceable term or provision hereof. 
  Section 17.        Governing Law and Jurisdiction. 
  THIS AGREEMENT IS GOVERNED BY AND IS TO BE CONSTRUED UNDER THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NORTH CAROLINA, WITHOUT REGARD TO CONFLICT OF LAWS RULES.  ANY DISPUTE OR CLAIM ARISING OUT OF OR  

11 

RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR CLAIM OF BREACH HEREOF SHALL BE BROUGHT EXCLUSIVELY IN FEDERAL COURT IN THE STATE OF NORTH CAROLINA.  BY EXECUTION OF THE AGREEMENT, THE PARTIES HERETO, AND THEIR RESPECTIVE AFFILIATES, CONSENT TO THE EXCLUSIVE JURISDICTION OF SUCH COURT, AND WAIVE ANY RIGHT TO CHALLENGE JURISDICTION OR VENUE IN SUCH COURT WITH REGARD TO ANY SUIT, ACTION, OR PROCEEDING UNDER OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE AGREEMENT.  EACH PARTY TO THIS AGREEMENT ALSO HEREBY WAIVES ANY RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY IN CONNECTION WITH ANY SUIT, ACTION, OR PROCEEDING UNDER OR IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT. 
  Section 18.        Notices. 
  (a)  Place of Delivery  .  Every notice or other communication relating to this Agreement shall be in writing, and shall be mailed to or delivered to the party for whom or which it is intended at such address as may from time to time be designated by it in a notice mailed or delivered to the other party as herein provided;   provided  , that unless and until some other address be so designated, all notices and communications by Executive to the Company shall be mailed or delivered to the Company at its principal executive office, Attention: Legal Department, and all notices and communications by the Company to Executive may be given to Executive personally or may be mailed to Executive at Executive s last known address, as reflected in the Company s records. 
  (b)  Date of Delivery  .  Any notice so addressed shall be deemed to be given (i) if delivered by hand, on the date of such delivery, (ii) if mailed by courier or by overnight mail, on the first business day following the date of such mailing, and (iii) if mailed by registered or certified mail, on the third business day after the date of such mailing. 
  Section 19.        Section Headings. 
  The headings of the sections and subsections of this Agreement are inserted for convenience only and shall not be deemed to constitute a part thereof or affect the meaning or interpretation of this Agreement or of any term or provision hereof. 
  Section 20.        Entire Agreement. 
  This Agreement, together with any exhibits attached hereto, constitutes the entire understanding and agreement of the parties hereto regarding the employment of Executive.  This Agreement supersedes all prior negotiations, discussions, correspondence, communications, understandings, and agreements between the parties relating to the subject matter of this Agreement. 
  Section 21.        Survival of Operative Sections. 
  Upon any termination of Executive s employment, the provisions of Section 8 through Section 22 of this Agreement (together with any related definitions set forth in Section 1 hereof) shall survive to the extent necessary to give effect to the provisions thereof. 

12 

Section 22.        Counterparts. 
  This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an original but all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument.  The execution of this Agreement may be by actual or facsimile signature. 
  *    *    *  [Signatures to appear on the following page.] 

13 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have executed this Agreement as of the date first above written. 
  FAIRPOINT COMMUNICATIONS, INC. 
  /s/ Paul H. Sunu                By:    Paul H. Sunu  Title:    Chief Executive Officer 
  EXECUTIVE 
  /s/ Bruce F. Metge                  Bruce F. Metge 

14 

CONFIDENTIALITY, NON-INTERFERENCE, AND INVENTION ASSIGNMENT AGREEMENT 
  In consideration of FairPoint Communications, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the    Company   ), providing me with an employment agreement of even date herewith, and my receipt of the compensation now and hereafter paid to me by the Company, including the additional benefits and compensation provided to me under my employment agreement, I agree to the following: 
  Section 1.        Confidential Information. 
  (a)        Company Group Information  .  I acknowledge that, during the course of my employment, I will have access to information about the Company and its direct and indirect subsidiaries and affiliates (collectively, the    Company Group   ) and that my employment with the Company shall bring me into close contact with confidential and proprietary information of the Company Group.  In recognition of the foregoing, I agree, at all times during the term of my employment with the Company and for the three (3) year period following my termination of my employment for any reason, to hold in confidence, and not to use, except for the benefit of the Company Group, or to disclose to any person, firm, corporation, or other entity without written authorization of the Company, any Confidential Information that I obtain or create.  I understand that    Confidential Information    means information that the Company Group has developed, acquired, created, compiled, discovered, or owned or will develop, acquire, create, compile, discover, or own, that has value in or to the business of the Company Group that is not generally known and that the Company wishes to maintain as confidential.  I understand that Confidential Information includes, but is not limited to, any and all non-public information that relates to the actual or anticipated business and/or products, research, or development of the Company, or to the Company s technical data, trade secrets, or know-how, including, but not limited to, research, product plans, or other information regarding the Company s products or services and markets, customer lists, and customers (including, but not limited to, customers of the Company on whom I called or with whom I may become acquainted during the term of my employment), software, developments, inventions, processes, formulas, technology, designs, drawings, engineering, hardware configuration information, marketing, finances, and other business information disclosed by the Company either directly or indirectly in writing, orally, or by drawings or inspection of premises, parts, equipment, or other Company property.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, Confidential Information shall not include (i) any of the foregoing items that have become publicly known through no unauthorized disclosure by me or others who were under confidentiality obligations as to the item or items involved, (ii) any information that I am required to disclose to, or by, any governmental or judicial authority, (iii) any information known to me prior to my employment with the Company, other than information acquired in preparation for my service to the Company, or (iv) any information developed independently by me that does not relate to the business of the Company Group;   provided  ,   however  , that in the event  of such requirement to disclose I will give the Company prompt written notice thereof so that the Company Group may seek an appropriate protective order and/or waive in writing compliance with the confidentiality provisions of this Confidentiality, Non-Interference, and Invention Assignment Agreement (the    Non-Interference Agreement   ). 

(b)        Former Employer Information  .  I represent that my performance of all of the terms of this Non-Interference Agreement as an employee of the Company has not breached and will not breach any agreement to keep in confidence proprietary information, knowledge, or data acquired by me in confidence or trust prior or subsequent to the commencement of my employment with the Company, and I will not disclose to any member of the Company Group, or induce any member of the Company Group to use, any developments, or confidential or proprietary information or material I may have obtained in connection with employment with any prior employer in violation of a confidentiality agreement, nondisclosure agreement, or similar agreement with such prior employer. 
  Section 2.        Developments  . 
  (a)        Developments Retained and Licensed  .  If, during any period during which I perform or performed services for the Company Group (the    Assignment Period   ), whether as an officer, employee, director, independent contractor, consultant, or agent, or in any other capacity, I incorporate (or have incorporated) into a Company Group product or process any development, original work of authorship, improvement, or trade secret that I created or owned prior to the commencement of my employment or in which I have an interest (collectively referred to as    Prior Developments   ), I hereby grant the Company, and the Company Group shall have, a non-exclusive, royalty-free, irrevocable, perpetual, transferable worldwide license (with the right to sublicense) to make, have made, copy, modify, make derivative works of, use, sell, and otherwise distribute such Prior Development as part of or in connection with such product or process. 
  (b)        Assignment of Developments  .  I agree that I will, without additional compensation, promptly make full written disclosure to the Company, and will hold in trust for the sole right and benefit of the Company all developments, original works of authorship, inventions, concepts, know-how, improvements, trade secrets, and similar proprietary rights, whether or not patentable or registrable under copyright or similar laws, which I may solely or jointly conceive or develop or reduce to practice, or have solely or jointly conceived or developed or reduced to practice, or have caused or may cause to be conceived or developed or reduced to practice, during the Assignment Period, whether or not during regular working hours, provided they either (i) relate at the time of conception, development or reduction to practice to the business of any member of the Company Group, or the actual or anticipated research or development of any member of the Company Group; (ii) result from or relate to any work performed for any member of the Company Group; or (iii) are developed through the use of equipment, supplies, or facilities of any member of the Company Group, or any Confidential Information, or in consultation with personnel of any member of the Company Group (collectively referred to as    Developments   ).  I further acknowledge that all Developments made by me (solely or jointly with others) within the scope of and during the Assignment Period are  works made for hire  (to the greatest extent permitted by applicable law) for which I am, in part, compensated by my salary, unless regulated otherwise by law, but that, in the event any such Development is deemed not to be a work made for hire, I hereby assign to the Company, or its designee, all my right, title, and interest throughout the world in and to any such Development. 

2 

(c)        Maintenance of Records  .  I agree to keep and maintain adequate and current written records of all Developments made by me (solely or jointly with others) during the Assignment Period. The records may be in the form of notes, sketches, drawings, flow charts, electronic data or recordings, and any other format.  The records will be available to and remain the sole property of the Company Group at all times.  I agree not to remove such records from the Company s place of business except as expressly permitted by Company Group policy, which may, from time to time, be revised at the sole election of the Company Group for the purpose of furthering the business of the Company Group. 
  (d)        Intellectual Property Rights  .  I agree to assist the Company, or its designee, at the Company s expense, in every way to secure the rights of the Company Group in the Developments and any copyrights, patents, trademarks, service marks, database rights, domain names, mask work rights, moral rights, and other intellectual property rights relating thereto in any and all countries, including the disclosure to the Company of all pertinent information and data with respect thereto, the execution of all applications, specifications, oaths, assignments, recordations, and all other instruments that the Company shall deem necessary in order to apply for, obtain, maintain, and transfer such rights and in order to assign and convey to the Company Group the sole and exclusive right, title, and interest in and to such Developments, and any intellectual property and other proprietary rights relating thereto.  I further agree that my obligation to execute or cause to be executed, when it is in my power to do so, any such instrument or papers shall continue after the termination of the Assignment Period until the expiration of the last such intellectual property right to expire in any country of the world;   provided  ,   however  , the Company shall reimburse me for my reasonable expenses incurred in connection with carrying out the foregoing obligation.  If the Company is unable because of my mental or physical incapacity or unavailability for any other reason to secure my signature to apply for or to pursue any application for any United States or foreign patents or copyright registrations covering Developments or original works of authorship assigned to the Company as above, then I hereby irrevocably designate and appoint the Company and its duly authorized officers and agents as my agent and attorney in fact to act for and in my behalf and stead to execute and file any such applications or records and to do all other lawfully permitted acts to further the application for, prosecution, issuance, maintenance, and transfer of letters patent or registrations thereon with the same legal force and effect as if originally executed by me.  I hereby waive and irrevocably quitclaim to the Company any and all claims, of any nature whatsoever, that I now or hereafter have for past, present, or future infringement of any and all proprietary rights assigned to the Company. 
  Section 3.        Returning Company Group Documents  . 
  I agree that, at the time of termination of my employment with the Company for any reason, I will deliver to the Company (and will not keep in my possession, recreate, or deliver to anyone else) any and all Confidential Information and all other documents, materials, information, and property developed by me pursuant to my employment or otherwise belonging to the Company. I agree further that any property situated on the Company s premises and owned by the Company (or any other member of the Company Group), including disks and other  

3 

storage media, filing cabinets, and other work areas, is subject to inspection by personnel of any member of the Company Group at any time with or without notice.   
  Section 4.        Disclosure of Agreement  . 
  As long as it remains in effect, I will disclose the existence of this Non-Interference Agreement to any prospective employer, partner, co-venturer, investor, or lender prior to entering into an employment, partnership, or other business relationship with such person or entity. 
  Section 5.        Restrictions on Interfering  . 
  (a)        Non-Competition  .  During the period of my employment with the Company (the    Employment Period   ) and the Post-Termination Non-Compete Period, I shall not, directly or indirectly, individually or on behalf of any person, company, enterprise, or entity, or as a sole proprietor, partner, stockholder, director, officer, principal, agent, or executive, or in any other capacity or relationship, engage in any Competitive Activities. 
  (b)        Non-Interference  .  During the Employment Period and the Post-Termination Non-Interference Period, I shall not, directly or indirectly for my own account or for the account of any other individual or entity, engage in Interfering Activities;   provided  ,   however  , that I shall not be deemed to violate this subsection (b) to the extent that any employee of any subsequent employer of mine, in the ordinary course of business, conducts any activity described in subsection (c)(iii)(C) below as to any Business Relation, provided that I have not directed or instructed any such employee (either personally or through another) to contact any such Business Relation.   
  (c)        Definitions  .  For purposes of this Non-Interference Agreement : 
  (i)           Business Relation    shall mean any current or prospective client, customer, licensee, or other business relation of the Company Group, or any such relation that was a client, customer, licensee, or other business relation within the six (6) month period prior to the expiration of the Employment Period, in each case, to whom I provided services, or with whom I transacted business, or whose identity became known to me in connection with my relationship with or employment by the Company and is not publicly known. 
  (ii)           Competitive Activities    shall mean telecommunication services provided by a rural exchange carrier business which has substantial business operations in the state of Florida, Maine, New Hampshire, North Carolina, or Vermont. 
  (iii)           Interfering Activities    shall mean (A) encouraging, soliciting, or inducing, or in any manner attempting to encourage, solicit, or induce, any Person employed by, or providing consulting services to, any member of the Company Group to terminate such Person s employment or services (or in the case of a consultant, materially reducing such services) with the Company Group; (B) hiring any individual who was  

4 

employed by the Company Group within the six (6) month period prior to the date of such hiring; or (C) encouraging, soliciting, or inducing, or in any manner attempting to encourage, solicit, or induce, any Business Relation to cease doing business with or reduce the amount of business conducted with the Company Group, or in any way interfering with the relationship between any such Business Relation and the Company Group. 
  (iv)           Person    shall mean any individual, corporation, partnership, limited liability company, joint venture, association, joint stock company, trust (charitable or non-charitable), unincorporated organization, or other form of business entity. 
  (v)           Post-Termination Non-Compete Period    shall mean the period commencing on the date of the termination of the Employment Period for any reason and ending on the twelve (12) month anniversary of such date of termination. 
  (vi)           Post-Termination Non-Interference Period    shall mean the period commencing on the date of the termination of the Employment Period for any reason and ending on the twelve (12) month anniversary of such date of termination. 
  (d)        Non-Disparagement  .  I agree that during the Employment Period, and at all times thereafter, I will not make any disparaging or defamatory comments regarding any member of the Company Group or its respective current or former directors, officers, or employees in any respect or make any comments concerning any aspect of my relationship with any member of the Company Group or any conduct or events which precipitated any termination of my employment from any member of the Company Group.  However, my obligations under this subparagraph (d) shall not apply to disclosures required by applicable law, regulation, or order of a court or governmental agency. 
  Section 6.        Reasonableness of Restrictions  . 
  I acknowledge and recognize the highly competitive nature of the Company s business, that access to Confidential Information renders me special and unique within the Company s industry, and that I will have the opportunity to develop substantial relationships with existing and prospective clients, accounts, customers, consultants, contractors, investors, and strategic partners of the Company Group during the course of and as a result of my employment with the Company.  In light of the foregoing, I recognize and acknowledge that the restrictions and limitations set forth in this Non-Interference Agreement are reasonable and valid in geographical and temporal scope and in all other respects and are essential to protect the value of the business and assets of the Company Group.  I acknowledge further that the restrictions and limitations set forth in this Non-Interference Agreement  will not materially interfere with my ability to earn a living following the termination of my employment with the Company and that my ability to earn a livelihood without violating such restrictions is a material condition to my employment with the Company.  
  Section 7.        Independence; Severability; Blue Pencil  . 

5 

Each of the rights enumerated in this Non-Interference Agreement shall be independent of the others and shall be in addition to and not in lieu of any other rights and remedies available to the Company Group at law or in equity.  If any of the provisions of this Non-Interference Agreement or any part of any of them is hereafter construed or adjudicated to be invalid or unenforceable, the same shall not affect the remainder of this Non-Interference Agreement, which shall be given full effect without regard to the invalid portions.  If any of the covenants contained herein are held to be invalid or unenforceable because of the duration of such provisions or the area or scope covered thereby, I agree that the court making such determination shall have the power to reduce the duration, scope, and/or area of such provision to the maximum and/or broadest duration, scope, and/or area permissible by law, and in its reduced form said provision shall then be enforceable. 
  Section 8.        Injunctive Relief  . 
  I expressly acknowledge that any breach or threatened breach of any of the terms and/or conditions set forth in this Non-Interference Agreement may result in irreparable injury to the members of the Company Group.  Therefore, I hereby agree that, in addition to any other remedy that may be available to the Company, any member of the Company Group shall be entitled to seek injunctive relief, specific performance, or other equitable relief by a court of appropriate jurisdiction in the event of any breach or threatened breach of the terms of this Non-Interference Agreement without the necessity of proving irreparable harm or injury as a result of such breach or threatened breach.  Notwithstanding any other provision to the contrary, I acknowledge and agree that the Post-Termination Non-Compete Period, or Post-Termination Non-Interference Period, as applicable, shall be tolled during any period of violation of any of the covenants in Section 5 hereof. 
  Section 9.        Cooperation  . 
  I agree that, following any termination of my employment, I will continue to provide reasonable cooperation to the Company and/or any other member of the Company Group and its or their respective counsel in connection with any investigation, administrative proceeding, or litigation relating to any matter that occurred during my employment in which I was involved or of which I have knowledge.  As a condition of such cooperation, the Company shall reimburse me for reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred at the request of the Company with respect to my compliance with this paragraph.  I also agree that, in the event that I am subpoenaed by any person or entity (including, but not limited to, any government agency) to give testimony or provide documents (in a deposition, court proceeding, or otherwise) that in any way relates to my employment by the Company and/or any other member of the Company Group, I will give prompt notice of such request to the Company and will make no disclosure until the Company and/or the other member of the Company Group has had a reasonable opportunity to contest the right of the requesting person or entity to such disclosure. 
  Section 10.        General Provisions  .   
  (a)        Governing Law and Jurisdiction  .  THIS NON-INTERFERENCE AGREEMENT IS GOVERNED BY AND IS TO BE CONSTRUED UNDER THE LAWS OF  

6 

THE STATE OF NORTH CAROLINA, WITHOUT REGARD TO CONFLICT OF LAWS RULES.  ANY DISPUTE OR CLAIM ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS NON-INTERFERENCE AGREEMENT OR CLAIM OF BREACH HEREOF SHALL BE BROUGHT EXCLUSIVELY IN FEDERAL COURT IN THE STATE OF NORTH CAROLINA.  BY EXECUTION OF THE NON-INTERFERENCE AGREEMENT, THE PARTIES HERETO, AND THEIR RESPECTIVE AFFILIATES, CONSENT TO THE EXCLUSIVE JURISDICTION OF SUCH COURT, AND WAIVE ANY RIGHT TO CHALLENGE JURISDICTION OR VENUE IN SUCH COURT WITH REGARD TO ANY SUIT, ACTION, OR PROCEEDING UNDER OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE NON-INTERFERENCE AGREEMENT.  EACH PARTY TO THIS NON-INTERFERENCE AGREEMENT ALSO HEREBY WAIVES ANY RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY IN CONNECTION WITH ANY SUIT, ACTION, OR PROCEEDING UNDER OR IN CONNECTION WITH THIS NON-INTERFERENCE AGREEMENT. 
  (b)        Entire Agreement  .  This Non-Interference Agreement sets forth the entire agreement and understanding between the Company and me relating to the subject matter herein and merges all prior discussions between us.  No modification or amendment to this Non-Interference Agreement, nor any waiver of any rights under this Non-Interference Agreement, will be effective unless in writing signed by the party to be charged.  Any subsequent change or changes in my duties, obligations, rights, or compensation will not affect the validity or scope of this Non-Interference Agreement. 
  (c)        No Right of Continued Employment  .  I acknowledge and agree that nothing contained herein shall be construed as granting me any right to continued employment by the Company, and the right of the Company to terminate my employment at any time and for any reason, with or without cause, is specifically reserved. 
  (d)        Successors and Assigns  .  This Non-Interference Agreement will be binding upon my heirs, executors, administrators, and other legal representatives and will be for the benefit of the Company, its successors, and its assigns.  I expressly acknowledge and agree that this Non-Interference Agreement may be assigned by the Company without my consent to any other member of the Company Group as well as any purchaser of all or substantially all of the assets or stock of the Company, whether by purchase, merger, or other similar corporate transaction, provided that the license granted pursuant to Section 2(a) may be assigned to any third party by the Company without my consent. 
  (e)        Survival  .  The provisions of this Non-Interference Agreement shall survive the termination of my employment with the Company and/or the assignment of this Non-Interference Agreement by the Company to any successor in interest or other assignee. 
  *    *    * 
  I, Bruce F. Metge, have executed this Confidentiality, Non-Interference, and Invention Assignment Agreement on the date set forth below: 

7 

8 

</EX-10.1>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 ex311-frpx2016930.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 

Exhibit 31.1 
    
  CERTIFICATION 
  PURSUANT TO 17 CFR 240.13a-14 
  PROMULGATED UNDER 
  SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
    
  I, Paul H. Sunu, certify that: 
           1. 
    I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of FairPoint Communications, Inc. (the  Company  
              2. 
    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this Quarterly Report; 
              3. 
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this Quarterly Report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Company as of, and for, the periods presented in this Quarterly Report; 
              4. 
    The Company s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act ) Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the Company and have: 
              (i) 
    designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the Company, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this Quarterly Report is being prepared; 
              (ii) 
    designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
              (iii) 
    evaluated the effectiveness of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this Quarterly Report based on such evaluation; and 
              (iv) 
    disclosed in this Quarterly Report any change in the Company s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Company s most recent fiscal quarter (the Company s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting; 
              5. 
    The Company s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the Company s auditors and the audit committee of the Company s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
              (i) 
    All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Company s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
              (ii) 
    Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 
     Date:   November 2, 2016 

/s/ Paul H. Sunu 

Paul H. Sunu 

Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 ex312-frpx2016930.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 

Exhibit 31.2 
    
  CERTIFICATION 
  PURSUANT TO 17 CFR 240.13a-14 
  PROMULGATED UNDER 
  SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
    
  I, Karen D. Turner, certify that: 
           1. 
    I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of FairPoint Communications, Inc. (the  Company  
              2. 
    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this Quarterly Report; 
              3. 
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this Quarterly Report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Company as of, and for, the periods presented in this Quarterly Report; 
              4. 
    The Company s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act ) Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the Company and have: 
              (i) 
    designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the Company, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this Quarterly Report is being prepared; 
              (ii) 
    designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
              (iii) 
    evaluated the effectiveness of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this Quarterly Report based on such evaluation; and 
              (iv) 
    disclosed in this Quarterly Report any change in the Company s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Company s most recent fiscal quarter (the Company s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting; 
              5. 
    The Company s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the Company s auditors and the audit committee of the Company s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
              (i) 
    All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Company s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
              (ii) 
    Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 
     Date:   November 2, 2016 

/s/ Karen D. Turner 

Karen D. Turner 

Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 ex321-frpx2016930.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 

Exhibit 32.1 
    
  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
  18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
    
  In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of FairPoint Communications, Inc. (the  Company ) for the quarter ended   September 30, 2016   as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Paul H. Sunu, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.   1350, as adopted pursuant to   906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 
             
    1.    The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 
     1934; and 
             
    2.    The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and 
     results of operations of the Company. 

/s/ Paul H. Sunu 

Paul H. Sunu 

Chief Executive Officer 

November 2, 2016 

A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 6
 ex322-frpx2016930.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

Exhibit 

Exhibit 32.2 
    
  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
  18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
    
  In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of FairPoint Communications, Inc. (the  Company ) for the quarter ended   September 30, 2016   as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Karen D. Turner, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.   1350, as adopted pursuant to   906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 
             
    1.    The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 
     1934; and 
             
    2.    The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and 
     results of operations of the Company. 

/s/ Karen D. Turner 

Karen D. Turner 

Chief Financial Officer 

November 2, 2016 

A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 7
 frp-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 frp-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 9
 frp-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 frp-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 frp-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 frp-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

