<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161109_10-Q_edgar_data_850033_0001193125-16-763993_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>174766</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>51088</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>0</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>87346</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>0</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>0</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>15</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>2</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001193125-16-763993.hdr.sgml : 20161109
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161109120602
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-16-763993
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		3
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161109
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161109

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			BP PRUDHOE BAY ROYALTY TRUST
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000850033
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PETROLEUM REFINING [2911]
		IRS NUMBER:				136943724
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-10243
		FILM NUMBER:		161983295

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		C/O BANKOF NEW YORK
		STREET 2:		601 TAVIS STREET, FLOOR 17
		CITY:			HOUSTON
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			77002
		BUSINESS PHONE:		2128155084

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		C/O BANK OF NEW YORK
		STREET 2:		601 TAVIS STREET, FLOOR 17
		CITY:			HOUSTON
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			77002

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001193125-16-763993.txt : 20161109

10-Q
 1
 d479008d10q.htm
 FORM 10-Q

Form 10-Q 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
     WASHINGTON, DC 20549        
    
  FORM 10-Q        

For the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016   
  OR       
 
  For the transition period from
                       to
                         
  Commission file number  1-10243         
        BP PRUDHOE
BAY ROYALTY TRUST       (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter)   

Delaware   
   
    13-6943724    

(State or Other Jurisdiction of  
  Incorporation or Organization)   
   
    (I.R.S. Employer  
  Identification No.)    

The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A.,
601 Travis Street, Floor 17, Houston, TX   
   
    77002    

(Address of Principal Executive Offices)  
   
  (Zip Code)   
    Registrant s Telephone Number, Including Area Code: (713) 483-6020   
         
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90
days.    Yes       No       Indicate by check mark whether the
registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (17 CFR   232.405) during the preceding 12 months
(or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).    Yes       No     
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer or a smaller
reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,  accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one):  

Large Accelerated filer 

Accelerated filer 

Non-accelerated filer 
   
    (Do not check if a smaller reporting company) 
    
 Smaller reporting company 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule  12b-2  of the Exchange Act)    Yes       No     
 As of November 9, 2016, 21,400,000 Units of Beneficial Interest were outstanding.  

PART I   
  FINANCIAL INFORMATION       

Item 1.  
  Financial Statements        BP Prudhoe Bay Royalty Trust   
  Statements of Assets, Liabilities and Trust Corpus   
  (Prepared on a modified basis of cash receipts and disbursements)   
  (In thousands, except unit data)       
   See accompanying notes to financial statements (unaudited).  
      1  

BP Prudhoe Bay Royalty Trust   
  Statements of Cash Earnings and Distributions   
  (Prepared on a modified basis of cash receipts and disbursements)   
  (Unaudited)      (In
thousands, except unit data)       
   See accompanying notes to financial statements (unaudited).  
      2  

BP Prudhoe Bay Royalty Trust   
  Statements of Changes in Trust Corpus   
  (Prepared on a modified basis of cash receipts and disbursements)   
  (Unaudited)      (In
thousands)       
   See accompanying notes to financial statements (unaudited).  
      3  

BP Prudhoe Bay Royalty Trust   
  Notes to Financial Statements (Unaudited)   
  (Prepared on a modified basis of cash receipts and disbursements)   
  September 30, 2016      (1) Formation
of the Trust and Organization     BP Prudhoe Bay Royalty Trust (the  Trust ), a grantor trust, was created as a Delaware
business trust pursuant to a Trust Agreement dated February 28, 1989 (the  Trust Agreement ) among The Standard Oil Company ( Standard Oil ), BP Exploration (Alaska) Inc. ( BP Alaska ), The Bank of New York Mellon,
as trustee, and BNY Mellon Trust of Delaware (successor to The Bank of New York (Delaware)), as co-trustee. Standard Oil and BP Alaska are indirect wholly-owned subsidiaries of BP p.l.c. ( BP ). On December 15, 2010, The Bank of New
York Mellon resigned as trustee and was replaced by The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., a national banking association, as successor trustee (the  Trustee ).  
 On February 28, 1989, Standard Oil conveyed an overriding royalty interest (the  Royalty Interest ) to the Trust. The Trust was
formed for the sole purpose of owning and administering the Royalty Interest. The Royalty Interest represents the right to receive a per barrel royalty (the  Per Barrel Royalty ) of 16.4246% on the lesser of (a) the first 90,000
barrels of the average actual daily net production of oil and condensate per quarter or (b) the average actual daily net production of oil and condensate per quarter from BP Alaska s working interests as of February 28, 1989 in the
Prudhoe Bay field situated on the North Slope of Alaska (the  1989 Working Interests ). Trust Unit holders are subject to the risk that production will be interrupted or discontinued or fall, on average, below 90,000 barrels per day in any
quarter. BP has guaranteed the performance of BP Alaska of its payment obligations with respect to the Royalty Interest.    Effective
January 1, 2000, BP Alaska and all other Prudhoe Bay working interest owners cross-assigned interests in the Prudhoe Bay field pursuant to the Prudhoe Bay Unit Alignment Agreement. BP Alaska retained all rights, obligations, and liabilities
associated with the Trust.    The trustees of the Trust are The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A. and BNY Mellon Trust of
Delaware, a Delaware banking corporation. BNY Mellon Trust of Delaware serves as co-trustee in order to satisfy certain requirements of the Delaware Statutory Trust Act. The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A. alone is able to exercise the
rights and powers granted to the Trustee in the Trust Agreement.    The Per Barrel Royalty in effect for any day is equal to the price of
West Texas Intermediate crude oil (the  WTI Price ) for that day less scheduled Chargeable Costs (adjusted for inflation) and Production Taxes (based on statutory rates then in effect).  
 The Trust is passive, with the Trustee having only such powers as are necessary for the collection and distribution of revenues, the payment
of Trust liabilities, and the protection of the Royalty Interest. The Trustee, subject to certain conditions, is obligated to establish cash reserves and borrow funds to pay liabilities of the Trust when they become due. The Trustee
 
      4  

BP Prudhoe Bay Royalty Trust   
  Notes to Financial Statements (Unaudited)   
  (Prepared on a modified basis of cash receipts and disbursements)   
  September 30, 2016       
  
may sell Trust properties only (a) as authorized by a vote of the Trust Unit holders, (b) when necessary to provide for the payment of specific liabilities of the Trust then due
(subject to certain conditions) or (c) upon termination of the Trust. Each Trust Unit issued and outstanding represents an equal undivided share of beneficial interest in the Trust. Royalty payments are received by the Trust and distributed to
Trust Unit holders, net of Trust expenses, in the month succeeding the end of each calendar quarter. The Trust will terminate (i) upon a vote of holders of not less than 60% of the outstanding Trust Units, or (ii) at such time the net
revenues from the Royalty Interest for two successive years are less than $1,000,000 per year (unless the net revenues during such period are materially and adversely affected by certain events).  
 In order to ensure that the Trust has the ability to pay future expenses, the Trust established a cash reserve account, which the Trustee
believes is sufficient to pay approximately one year s current and expected liabilities and expenses of the Trust.     (2) Basis of Accounting
    The financial statements of the Trust are prepared on a modified cash basis and reflect the Trust s assets, liabilities, corpus,
earnings, and distributions, as follows:      

a. 
 Revenues are recorded when received (generally within 15 days of the end of the preceding quarter) and distributions to Trust Unit holders are recorded when paid.    

b. 
 Trust expenses (which include accounting, engineering, legal, and other professional fees, trustees  fees, and out-of-pocket expenses) are recorded on an accrual basis.    

c. 
 Cash reserves may be established by the Trustee for certain contingencies that would not be recorded under generally accepted accounting principles.    
 While these statements differ from financial statements prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United
States of America, the modified cash basis of reporting revenues and distributions is considered to be the most meaningful because quarterly distributions to the Trust Unit holders are based on net cash receipts. These modified cash basis financial
statements are unaudited but, in the opinion of the Trustee, include all adjustments necessary to present fairly the assets, liabilities and corpus of the Trust as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, and the modified cash basis of
earnings and distributions and changes in Trust corpus for the three and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. The adjustments are of a normal recurring nature and are, in the opinion of the Trustee, necessary to fairly present
the results of operations.    As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, cash equivalents which represent the cash reserve
consist of a Morgan Stanley ILF Treasury Fund.  
      5  

BP Prudhoe Bay Royalty Trust   
  Notes to Financial Statements (Unaudited)   
  (Prepared on a modified basis of cash receipts and disbursements)   
  September 30, 2016       
  Estimates and assumptions are required to be made regarding assets, liabilities and changes
in Trust corpus resulting from operations when financial statements are prepared. Changes in the economic environment, financial markets and any other parameters used in determining these estimates could cause actual results to differ, and the
differences could be material.    These unaudited financial statements should be read in conjunction with the financial statements and
related notes in the Trust s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015. The cash earnings and distributions for the interim periods presented are not necessarily indicative of the results to be expected for the
full year.     (3) Royalty Interest     At
inception in February 1989, the Royalty Interest held by the Trust had a carrying value of $535,000,000. In accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, the Trust amortized the value of the Royalty Interest based on the units of
production method. Such amortization was charged directly to the Trust corpus, and did not affect cash earnings. In addition, the Trust periodically evaluated impairment of the Royalty Interest by comparing the undiscounted cash flows expected to be
realized from the Royalty Interest to the carrying value, pursuant to the Financial Accounting Standards Board Accounting Standards Codification 360,  Property, Plant, and Equipment . If the expected future undiscounted cash flows were less
than the carrying value, the Trust recognized impairment losses for the difference between the carrying value and the estimated fair value of the Royalty Interest. By December 31, 2010, the Trust had recognized accumulated amortization of
$359,473,000 and aggregate impairment write-downs of $175,527,000 reducing the carrying value of the Royalty Interest to zero.     (4) Income Taxes
    The Trust files its federal tax return as a grantor trust subject to the provisions of subpart E of Part I of Subchapter J of the
Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, rather than as an association taxable as a corporation. The Trust Unit holders are treated as the owners of Trust income and corpus, and the entire taxable income of the Trust will be reported by the Trust
Unit holders on their respective tax returns.    If the Trust were determined to be an association taxable as a corporation, it would be
treated as an entity taxable as a corporation on the taxable income from the Royalty Interest, the Trust Unit holders would be treated as shareholders, and distributions to Trust Unit holders would not be deductible in computing the Trust s tax
liability as an association.  
      6  

BP Prudhoe Bay Royalty Trust   
  Notes to Financial Statements (Unaudited)   
  (Prepared on a modified basis of cash receipts and disbursements)   
  September 30, 2016       
   (5) Alaska Oil and Gas Production Tax   
 The Alaska oil and gas production tax statutes were amended by a bill (the  2006 Amendments ) which became effective in August 2006.
The 2006 Amendments replaced an oil production tax levied at the flat rate of 15% of the gross value at the point of production (the  wellhead  or  field  value) of taxable oil produced from a producer s leases or properties
in the State of Alaska. Under the 2006 Amendments, producers were taxed on the  production tax value of taxable oil  (gross value at the point of production for the calendar year less the producer s direct costs of exploring for,
developing, or producing oil or gas deposits located within the producer s leases or properties in Alaska for the year) at a rate equal to the sum of 22.5% plus a  progressivity  rate determined by the average monthly production tax
value of the oil produced. The progressivity rate imposed by the 2006 Amendments was equal to 0.25% times the amount by which the simple average for each calendar month of the daily production tax values per barrel of the oil produced during the
month exceeded $40 per barrel.    In December 2007, a bill (popularly titled  Alaska s Fair and Equitable Share  or
 ACES ) took effect which further amended the Alaska oil and gas production tax statutes in certain respects. ACES changed the basic tax rate from 22.5% to 25% and increased the progressivity rate. If the producer s average monthly
production tax value per barrel is greater than $30 but not more than $92.50, the progressivity tax rate is 0.4% times the amount by which the average monthly production tax value exceeds $30 per barrel. If the producer s average monthly
production tax value per barrel is greater than $92.50, the progressivity tax rate is the sum of 25% and the product of 0.1% multiplied by the difference between the average monthly production tax value per barrel and $92.50, except that the sum may
not exceed 50%.    The Trustee and BP Alaska entered into a letter agreement in October 2006 and an amendment thereto in January 2008 (the
 Letter Agreement ) to resolve issues associated with the 2006 Amendments and ACES. The Letter Agreement modified the calculation of Production Taxes in the daily Per Barrel Royalty calculation effective as of August 20, 2006, in the
case of the 2006 Amendments, and effective December 20, 2007, in the case of ACES. It also provides that the retroactivity provisions of the respective tax bills are not applicable to the Per Barrel Royalty calculation for periods prior to the
effective dates of the 2006 Amendments and ACES.    On April 14, 2013, Alaska s legislature passed an oil-tax reform bill aimed at
encouraging oil production and investment in Alaska s oil industry. On May 21, 2013, Alaska Governor Sean Parnell signed the bill into law as chapter 10 of the 2013 Session Laws of Alaska (the  Act ). Among significant changes,
the Act eliminated the monthly progressivity tax rate implemented by the 2006 Amendments and ACES, increased the base rate from 25% to 35% and added a stair-step per-barrel tax credit for oil production. This tax credit is based on the gross value
at the point of production per barrel of taxable oil and may not reduce a producer s  
      7  

BP Prudhoe Bay Royalty Trust   
  Notes to Financial Statements (Unaudited)   
  (Prepared on a modified basis of cash receipts and disbursements)   
  September 30, 2016       
  
tax liability below the  minimum tax  (which is a percentage, ranging from zero to 4%, of the gross value at the point of production of a producer s taxable production during the
calendar year based on the average price per barrel for Alaska North Slope crude oil for sale on the United States West Coast for the year) under the Production Tax Statutes. These changes became effective on January 1, 2014.  
 On January 15, 2014, the Trustee executed a letter agreement with BP Alaska dated January 15, 2014 (the  2014 Letter
Agreement ) regarding the implementation of the Act with respect to the Trust. Pursuant to the 2014 Letter Agreement, Production Taxes for the Trust s Royalty Production will equal the tax for the relevant quarter, minus the allowable
monthly stair-step per-barrel tax credits for the Royalty Production during that quarter. If there is a  minimum tax -related limitation on the amount of the stair-step per-barrel tax credits that could otherwise be claimed for any quarter
during the year, any difference between that limitation as preliminarily determined on a quarterly basis and the actual limitation for the entire year will be reflected in the payment to the Trust for the first quarter Royalty Production in the
following year.    On July 6, 2015, BP Alaska and the Trustee signed a letter agreement (the  2014 Letter Agreement
Amendment ) amending the 2014 Letter Agreement to provide that if there is a  minimum tax -related limitation on the amount of the stair-step per-barrel tax credits that could otherwise be claimed for any quarter during the year, any
difference between that limitation as preliminarily determined on a quarterly basis and the actual limitation for the entire year will be reflected in the payment to the Trust for the fourth quarter Royalty Production payment for such year rather
than in the payment to the Trust for the first quarter Royalty Production in the following year.     (6) Royalty Revenue Adjustments   
 Certain of the royalty payments received by the Trust in 2016 and 2015 were adjusted by BP Alaska to compensate for underpayments or
overpayment of the royalties due with respect to the quarters ended prior to the dates of such payments. Average net production of crude oil and condensate from the proved reserves allocated to the Trust was less than 90,000 barrels per day during
certain quarters. Royalty payments by BP Alaska with respect to those quarters were based on estimates by BP Alaska of production levels because actual data was not available by the date on which payments were required to be made to the Trust.
Subsequent recalculation by BP Alaska of the royalty payments due based on actual production data resulted in the payment adjustments shown in the table below (in thousands). In addition, the payment received in January 2015 included an adjustment
of the royalty payment due with respect to the quarters ended June 30, 2014 and September 30, 2014. The underpayment was a result of the BP Operating unit reaching the cumulative condensate limit of 1,175,000,000 barrels as of June 8,
2014. Once the cumulative condensate limit had been reached the production associated with condensate was subject to the Oil Rim Initial Participating Area royalty interest of 50.6848339% instead of the Gas Cap Participating Area Royalty Interest of
13.8398950%. This allocation of the condensate production to the Oil Rim Initial Participating Interest remains in effect.      
 
      8  

BP Prudhoe Bay Royalty Trust   
  Notes to Financial Statements (Unaudited)   
  (Prepared on a modified basis of cash receipts and disbursements)   
  September 30, 2016       
   (7) Subsequent Event   
 In October 2016, the Trust received a payment of $14,734,688 from BP Alaska. This payment consisted of $14,581,825, representing the royalty
payment due with respect to the Trust s Royalty Interest for the quarter ended September 30, 2016, plus $152,863, representing the amount of an underpayment by BP Alaska, including interest on the underpayment, of the royalty payment due
with respect to the quarter ended June 30, 2016. On October 20, 2016, after deducting Trust administrative expenses, the Trustee distributed $14,536,941 to Unit holders of record on October 16, 2016.  
      9  

Item 2.  
  Trustee s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.        Cautionary
Statement     This report contains forward looking statements (that is, statements anticipating future events or conditions and not statements of
historical fact). Words such as  anticipate,   expect,   believe,   intend,   plan  or  project,  and  should,   would,   could,   potentially, 
 possibly  or  may,  and other words that convey uncertainty of future events or outcomes are intended to identify forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements in this report are subject to a number of risks and
uncertainties beyond the control of the Trustee. These risks and uncertainties include such matters as future changes in oil prices, oil production levels, economic activity, domestic and international political events and developments, legislation
and regulation, and certain changes in expenses of the Trust.    The actual results, performance and prospects of the Trust could differ materially from
those expressed or implied by forward-looking statements. Descriptions of material risks known to the Trustee that could affect the future performance of the Trust appear in Item 1A,  Risk Factors,  of the Trust s Annual Report
on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015 (the  2015 Annual Report ). There may be additional risks of which the Trustee is unaware or which are currently deemed immaterial.  
 In the light of these risks, uncertainties and assumptions, you should not rely unduly on any forward-looking statements. Forward-looking events and outcomes
discussed in the 2015 Annual Report and in this report may not occur or may transpire differently. The Trustee undertakes no obligation to update forward-looking statements after the date of this report, except as required by law, and all such
forward-looking statements in this report are qualified in their entirety by the preceding cautionary statements.     Liquidity and Capital Resources
    The Trust is a passive entity. The Trustee s activities are limited to collecting and distributing the revenues from the Royalty Interest and
paying liabilities and expenses of the Trust. Generally, the Trust has no source of liquidity and no capital resources other than the revenue attributable to the Royalty Interest that it receives from time to time. (See the discussion under
 THE ROYALTY INTEREST  in Part I, Item 1 of the 2015 Annual Report for a description of the calculation of the Per Barrel Royalty, and the discussion under  THE PRUDHOE BAY UNIT AND FIELD   Reserve Estimates  in Part I,
Item 1 of the 2015 Annual Report for information concerning the estimated future net revenues of the Trust.) However, the Trustee has a limited power to borrow, establish a cash reserve, or dispose of all or part of the Trust Estate, under
limited circumstances pursuant to the terms of the Trust Agreement. See the discussion under  THE TRUST  in Part I, Item 1 of the 2015 Annual Report.  
 Since 1999, the Trustee has maintained a $1,000,000 cash reserve to provide liquidity to the Trust during any future periods in which the Trust does not
receive a distribution. The Trustee will draw funds from the cash reserve account during any quarter in which the quarterly distribution received by the Trust does not exceed the liabilities and expenses of the Trust, and will replenish the reserve
from future quarterly distributions, if any. The Trustee anticipates that it will keep this cash reserve program in place until termination of the Trust.  
      10  

Amounts set aside for the cash reserve are invested by the Trustee in U.S. government or agency securities
secured by the full faith and credit of the United States, or mutual funds investing in such securities. Interest income received by the Trust from the investment of the reserve fund is added to the distributions received from BP Alaska and paid to
the holders of Units with each quarterly distribution.    As discussed under  CERTAIN TAX CONSIDERATIONS  in Part I, Item 1 of the 2015
Annual Report, amounts received by the Trust as quarterly distributions are income to the holders of the Units (as are any earnings on investment of the cash reserve) and must be reported by the holders of the Units, even if such amounts are used by
the Trustee to repay borrowings or replenish the cash reserve and are not received by the holders of the Units.     Results of Operations   
 Relatively modest changes in oil prices significantly affect the Trust s revenues and results of operations. Crude oil prices are subject to significant
changes in response to fluctuations in domestic and world supply and demand and other market conditions as well as the world political situation as it affects the members of OPEC and other producing countries. The effect of changing economic and
political conditions on the demand for and supply of energy throughout the world and future prices of oil cannot be accurately projected.    Under the terms
of the Conveyance of the Royalty Interest to the Trust, the Per Barrel Royalty for any day is the WTI Price for the day less the sum of (i) Chargeable Costs multiplied by the Cost Adjustment Factor and (ii) Production Taxes. The narrative
under the captions  THE TRUST   Trust Property  and  THE ROYALTY INTEREST  in the 2015 Annual Report explains the meanings of the terms  Conveyance,   Royalty Interest,   Per Barrel Royalty, 
 WTI Price,  Chargeable Costs  and  Cost Adjustment Factor  and should be read in conjunction with this report.    Royalty revenues
are generally received on the fifteenth day of the month following the end of the calendar quarter in which the related Royalty Production occurred (the  Quarterly Record Date ). The Trustee, to the extent possible, pays all accrued
expenses of the Trust on each Quarterly Record Date from the royalty payment received. Revenues and Trust expenses presented in the statement of cash earnings and distributions are recorded on a modified cash basis and, as a result, royalty revenues
and distributions shown in such statements for the three- and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, are attributable to BP Alaska s operations during the three and nine-month periods ended June 30, 2016
and 2015, respectively.  
      11  

The following table summarizes the factors which determined the Per Barrel Royalties used to calculate the
payments received by the Trust in January, April and July 2016 and 2015 (see Note 1 of Notes to Financial Statements (Unaudited) in Part I, Item 1). The information in the table has been furnished by BP Alaska.  
   
    Royalty Production  for each day in a calendar quarter is 16.4246% of the first 90,000 barrels of the actual
average daily net production of oil and condensate for the quarter from the proved reserves allocated to the Trust. During periods when BP Alaska s average daily net production from those reserves exceeds 90,000 barrels, the principal factors
affecting the Trust s revenues and distributions to Unit holders are changes in WTI Prices, scheduled annual increases in Chargeable Costs, changes in the Consumer Price Index and changes in Production Taxes. Since 2006, BP Alaska has
undertaken a program of field wide infrastructure renewal, pipeline replacement and well mechanical improvements. As a consequence of these activities and the required downtime, and the natural production declines from the Prudhoe Bay field, Royalty
Production from the proved reserves of oil and condensate allocated to the Trust was less than 90,000 barrels per day on an annual basis in 2013, 2014 and 2015. BP Alaska anticipates that its average net production of oil and condensate from those
reserves will be below 90,000 barrels per day on an annual basis in future years.    BP Alaska estimates Royalty Production from the reserves allocated to
the Trust for purposes of calculating quarterly royalty payments to the Trust because complete actual field production data for the preceding calendar quarter generally is not available by the Quarterly Record Date. To the extent that average net
production from those reserves is below 90,000 barrels per day in any quarter, recalculation by BP Alaska of actual Royalty Production data may result in revisions of prior Royalty Production estimates. Revisions by BP Alaska of its Royalty
Production calculations cause BP Alaska to adjust its quarterly royalty payments to the Trust to compensate for overpayments or underpayments of royalties with respect to prior quarters. Such adjustments, if material, may adversely affect certain
Unit holders who buy or sell Units between the Quarterly Record Dates for the Quarterly Distributions affected.  
      12  

Three Months Ended September 30, 2016 Compared to    
   Three Months Ended September 30, 2015      Trust
royalty revenues received during the third quarter of the fiscal year are based on Royalty Production during the second quarter of the fiscal year. The first of the following two tables shows the changes from the second quarter of 2015 to the second
quarter of 2016 in the factors which determined the Per Barrel Royalties used to calculate the royalty payments received during the third quarters of 2015 and 2016. The second of the two tables shows the resulting changes in the Trust s
revenues and distributions and the changes in the Trust s expenses from the third quarter of 2015 to the third quarter of 2016.      
   The decline in WTI price between the two periods in the table above reflects the temporary increase in the WTI price that
occurred in the second quarter of 2015. Following that increase, the decline in WTI price that began in the third quarter of 2015 resumed, with the WTI price reaching a low of $26.21 per barrel in February 2016.  
 Although the dollar amount of the decline in the average Per Barrel Royalty between the two periods in the table above was virtually identical to the dollar
amount of the decline in the WTI price, the percentage decline of the average Per Barrel Royalty from the prior period was nearly 30% more than the percentage decline in the average WTI price compared to the second quarter of 2015. This resulted
from the fact that Adjusted Chargeable Costs, which together with average Production Taxes are subtracted from the average WTI price to determine the average Per Barrel Royalty, represented a significantly larger percentage of the WTI price in the
second quarter of 2016 (69%) than they did in the second quarter of 2015 (approximately 54%). The percentage decrease in the average Per Barrel Royalty for the period includes a deduction for Production Taxes. See Note 5 of Notes to Financial
Statements (Unaudited) in Item 1 above.    The increase in Adjusted Chargeable Costs shown in the table above resulted from the scheduled increase in
Chargeable Costs from $17.00 in 2015 to $17.10 in 2016 and the slight increase in the Cost Adjustment Factor between the two periods.    The decline in the
average net production from the 1989 Working Interests between the two periods reflects a combination of (1) naturally declining production from the Prudhoe Bay field and (2) variance in the impacts of planned and unplanned downtime during
the two reporting periods.  
      13  

The following table shows the changes to the Trust s revenues received and distributions paid during the
third quarters of 2015 and 2016 resulting from the factors in the table above, as well as changes for the Trust s administrative expenses.      
   The period-to-period decreases in royalty revenues, cash earnings and cash distributions are due to the lower average WTI
Prices that prevailed in the second quarter of 2016 compared to the second quarter of 2015. The decreases in royalty revenues, cash earnings and cash distributions were offset somewhat by the increase in royalty interest received by the Trust as a
result of the decrease in Production Taxes. The increase in administrative expenses reflects higher overall costs of supplies and services and timing differences in accruals of expenses.  
   Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 Compared to    
   Nine Months Ended September 30, 2015      Trust
royalty revenues received during the first nine months of the fiscal year are based on Royalty Production during the first and second quarter of the fiscal year and the fourth quarter of the preceding fiscal year. The first of the following two
tables shows the changes from the nine months ended June 30, 2015 to the nine months ended June 30, 2016 in the factors which determined the Per Barrel Royalties used to calculate the royalty payments received during the nine months ended
September 30 of the respective years. The second of the two tables shows the resulting changes in the Trust s revenues and distributions and the changes in the Trust s expenses from the first nine months of 2015 to the first nine
months of 2016.      
   The decrease in the average Per Barrel Royalty for the period resulted primarily from the decline in WTI prices. This decline
was partially offset by the decline in Production Taxes. The decline in WTI prices resulted in Production Taxes for the fourth quarter of 2015 and the first and second quarters of 2016 being calculated on the basis of the minimum tax under the Act
and the 2014 Letter Agreement, compared to only the first quarter of 2015 being calculated on the basis of the minimum tax. See Note 5 of Notes to Financial Statements (Unaudited) in Item 1 above.  
 The increase in adjusted Chargeable Costs resulted principally from the scheduled annual increase in Chargeable Costs from $17.00 in 2015 and to $17.10 in
2016. The Cost Adjustment Factor increased marginally between the two periods due to low inflation.  
      14  

The average net production from the 1989 Working Interests declined slightly compared to the prior period. The
decline reflects a combination of (1) naturally declining production from the Prudhoe Bay field and (2) variance in the impacts of planned and unplanned downtime during the two reporting periods.  
 The following table shows the changes to the Trust s revenues received and distributions paid during the nine months ended September 30, 2015 and
2016 resulting from the factors in the table above, as well as changes for the Trust s administrative expenses.      
   The period-to-period decreases in royalty revenues, cash earnings and cash distributions are due to the lower average WTI
Prices that prevailed in the fourth quarter of 2015 and the first and second quarters of 2016 compared to the fourth quarter of 2014 and the first and second quarters of 2015. The decreases in royalty revenues, cash earnings and cash distributions
were offset somewhat by the increase in royalty interest received by the Trust as a result of the cumulative condensate limit being reached at the end of the second quarter of 2014 and the decrease in Production Taxes. The period-to-period decreases
in royalty revenues, cash earnings and cash distributions also reflect the $9.5 million true-up adjustment that was included in the royalty payment for the fourth quarter of 2014. This adjustment represented the amount of an underpayment by BP
Alaska, including interest on the underpayment, of the royalty payment due with respect to the quarters ended June 30, 2014 and September 30, 2014, associated with the reaching of the cumulative condensate limit in June 2014 described
above. The increase in administrative expenses reflects the increased overall costs of supplies and services and timing differences in accruals of expenses.      

Item 3.  
  Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk.       The Trust is a passive entity and except
for the Trust s ability to borrow money as necessary to pay liabilities of the Trust that cannot be paid out of cash on hand, the Trust is prohibited from engaging in borrowing transactions. The Trust periodically holds short-term investments
acquired with funds held by the Trust pending distribution to Unit holders and funds held in reserve for the payment of Trust expenses and liabilities. Because of the short-term nature of these investments and limitations on the types of investments
which may be held by the Trust, the Trust is not subject to any material interest rate risk. The Trust does not engage in transactions in foreign currencies which could expose the Trust or Unit holders to any foreign currency related market risk or
invest in derivative financial instruments. It has no foreign operations and holds no long-term debt instruments.  
      15  

Item 4.  
  Controls and Procedures.        Disclosure Controls and Procedures   
 The Trustee has disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) and Rule 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) that are designed to ensure that
information required to be disclosed by the Trust in the reports that it files or submits under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act ) is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods
specified in the SEC s rules and forms. These controls and procedures include but are not limited to controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Trust in the reports that it files or submits under
the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to the responsible trust officers of the Trustee to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.  
 Under the terms of the Trust Agreement and the Conveyance, BP Alaska has significant disclosure and reporting obligations to the Trust. BP Alaska is required
to provide the Trust such information concerning the Royalty Interest as the Trustee may need and to which BP Alaska has access to permit the Trust to comply with any reporting or disclosure obligations of the Trust pursuant to applicable law and
the requirements of any stock exchange on which the Units are listed. These reporting obligations include furnishing the Trust a report by February 28 of each year containing all information of a nature, of a standard and in a form consistent
with the requirements of the SEC respecting the inclusion of reserve and reserve valuation information in filings under the Exchange Act and with applicable accounting rules. The report is required to set forth, among other things, BP Alaska s
estimates of future net cash flows from proved reserves attributable to the Royalty Interest, the discounted present value of such proved reserves and the assumptions utilized in arriving at the estimates contained in the report.  
 In addition, the Conveyance gives the Trust certain rights to inspect the books and records of BP Alaska and discuss the affairs, finances and accounts of BP
Alaska relating to the 1989 Working Interests with representatives of BP Alaska; it also requires BP Alaska to provide the Trust with such other information as the Trustee may reasonably request from time to time and to which BP Alaska has access.
   The Trustee s disclosure controls and procedures include ensuring that the Trust receives the information and reports that BP Alaska is required to
furnish to the Trust on a timely basis, that the appropriate responsible personnel of the Trustee examine such information and reports, and that information requested from and provided by BP Alaska is included in the reports that the Trust files or
submits under the Exchange Act.    As of the end of the period covered by this report, the trust officers of the Trustee responsible for the administration
of the Trust conducted an evaluation of the Trust s disclosure controls and procedures. Their evaluation considered, among other things, that the Trust Agreement and the Conveyance impose enforceable legal obligations on BP Alaska, and that BP
Alaska has provided the information required by those agreements and other information requested by the Trustee from time to time on a timely basis. The trust officers concluded the Trust s disclosure controls and procedures are effective.  

      16  

Internal Control Over Financial Reporting   
 There has not been any change in the Trust s internal control over financial reporting identified in connection with the evaluation required by paragraph
(d) of Rule 13a-15 or Rule 15d-15 under the Exchange Act that occurred during the Trust s last fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Trust s internal control over financial
reporting.  
      17  

PART II   
  OTHER INFORMATION       

Item 1.  
  Legal Proceedings.       None.      

Item 1A.  
  Risk Factors       There have been no material changes in risk factors disclosed in the 2015 Annual Report
that are known to the Trustee.      

Item 2.  
  Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds.       None.  

Item 3.  
  Defaults Upon Senior Securities.       None.  

Item 4.  
  Mine Safety Disclosures.       Not applicable  

Item 5.  
  Other Information.       (a) Reference is made to Note 7 of Notes to Financial Statements
(Unaudited) in Part I, Item 1 (Form 8-K, Item 8.01).    (b) Not applicable.  

Item 6.  
  Exhibits.         

4.1 
 BP Prudhoe Bay Royalty Trust Agreement dated February 28, 1989 among The Standard Oil Company, BP Exploration (Alaska) Inc., The Bank of New York, Trustee, and F. James Hutchinson, Co-Trustee.    

4.2 
 Overriding Royalty Conveyance dated February 27, 1989 between BP Exploration (Alaska) Inc. and The Standard Oil Company.        

4.3 
 Trust Conveyance dated February 28, 1989 between The Standard Oil Company and BP Prudhoe Bay Royalty Trust.        

4.4 
 Support Agreement dated as of February 28, 1989 among The British Petroleum Company p.l.c., BP Exploration (Alaska) Inc., The Standard Oil Company and BP Prudhoe Bay Royalty Trust.    

4.5 
 Letter agreement executed October 13, 2006 between BP Exploration (Alaska) Inc. and The Bank of New York, as Trustee.    
      18  

4.6 
 Letter agreement executed January 11, 2008 between BP Exploration (Alaska) Inc. and The Bank of New York, as Trustee.        

10.1 
 Settlement Agreement, dated May 8, 2009, among BP Exploration (Alaska) Inc., The Bank of New York Mellon, as Trustee, and BNY Mellon Trust Company of Delaware, as Co-Trustee.    

10.2 
 Agreement of Resignation, Appointment and Acceptance dated as of December 15, 2010 among BP Exploration (Alaska) Inc., The Bank of New York Mellon and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A.

101 
  Explanatory note : An Interactive Data File is not submitted with this filing pursuant to Item 601(101) of Regulation S-K, because the Trust does not prepare its financial statements in accordance with
generally accepted accounting principles as used in the United States. See Note 2 of Notes to Financial Statements (Unaudited) in Part I, Item 1.    
      19  

SIGNATURE   
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned,
thereunto duly authorized.       

BP PRUDHOE BAY ROYALTY TRUST  

By: 
   
 THE BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON TRUST COMPANY, N.A., as Trustee  

By: 
   
 /s/ Elaina Conley  

Elaina Conley  

Vice President  
 
  Date: November 9, 2016  
 The registrant is a trust and has no officers or persons performing similar functions. No additional signatures are available and none have been provided.
 
      20  

INDEX TO EXHIBITS   

Exhibit No.   
    
    Exhibit  
  Description    

4.1 
    
 BP Prudhoe Bay Royalty Trust Agreement dated February 28, 1989 among The Standard Oil Company, BP Exploration (Alaska) Inc., The Bank of New York, Trustee, and F. James Hutchinson, Co-Trustee. Incorporated by reference to the
correspondingly numbered exhibit to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2006 (File No. 1-10243).  

4.2 
    
 Overriding Royalty Conveyance dated February 27, 1989 between BP Exploration (Alaska) Inc. and The Standard Oil Company. Incorporated by reference to the correspondingly numbered exhibit to the Registrant s Annual Report on
Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2006 (File No. 1-10243).  

4.3 
    
 Trust Conveyance dated February 28, 1989 between The Standard Oil Company and BP Prudhoe Bay Royalty Trust. Incorporated by reference to the correspondingly numbered exhibit to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for
the fiscal year ended December 31, 2006 (File No. 1-10243).  

4.4 
    
 Support Agreement dated as of February 28, 1989 among The British Petroleum Company p.l.c., BP Exploration (Alaska) Inc., The Standard Oil Company and BP Prudhoe Bay Royalty Trust. Incorporated by reference to the correspondingly
numbered exhibit to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2006 (File No. 1-10243).  

4.5 
    
 Letter agreement executed October 13, 2006 between BP Exploration (Alaska) Inc. and The Bank of New York, as Trustee. Incorporated by reference to the correspondingly numbered exhibit to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on
Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2006 (File No. 1-10243).  

4.6 
    
 Letter agreement executed January 11, 2008 between BP Exploration (Alaska) Inc. and The Bank of New York, as Trustee. Incorporated by reference to the correspondingly numbered exhibit to the Registrant s Current Report on Form
8-K dated January 11, 2008 (File No. 1-10243).  

10.1 
    
 Settlement Agreement, dated May 8, 2009, among BP Exploration (Alaska) Inc., The Bank of New York Mellon, as Trustee, and BNY Mellon Trust Company of Delaware, as Co-Trustee. Incorporated by reference to the correspondingly numbered
exhibit to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K dated May 8, 2009 (File No. 1-10243).  

10.2 
    
 Agreement of Resignation, appointment and Acceptance dated as of December 15, 2010 among BP Exploration (Alaska) Inc., The Bank of New York Mellon and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A. Incorporated by reference to the
correspondingly numbered exhibit to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2010 (File No. 1-10243).  

31* 
    
 Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) certifications.   

* 
 Filed herewith.    
      2  

<EX-31>
 2
 d479008dex31.htm
 EX-31

EX-31 

EXHIBIT 31  
   RULE 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) CERTIFICATIONS    
 I, Elaina Conley, certify that:      

1. 
 I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of BP Prudhoe Bay Royalty Trust, for which The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A. acts as Trustee;    

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements
were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;        

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, cash earnings and distributions and changes in
the Trust corpus of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;        

4. 
 I am responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act
rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and I have:        

(a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under my supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant is made known to me
by others within that entity, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;        

(b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under my supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of
financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;        

(c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report my conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the
period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and        

(d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter
in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and    

5. 
 I have disclosed, based on my most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors:    

(a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record,
process, summarize and report financial information; and        

(b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves persons who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.    

Date: November 9, 2016 

By: 
   
 /s/ Elaina Conley  

Elaina Conley  

Vice President  

The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A.   
 
      2  

</EX-31>

<EX-32>
 3
 d479008dex32.htm
 EX-32

EX-32 

EXHIBIT 32  
  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE   
   SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002, 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350    
 The undersigned, Elaina Conley, is an authorized officer of The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., the trustee of BP Prudhoe Bay Royalty Trust (the
 registrant ).    This statement is being furnished in connection with the filing by the registrant of the registrant s report on Form 10-Q
for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016 (the  Report ).    By execution of this statement, I certify that:  

(A) 
 the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and        

(B) 
 the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the registrant as of the dates and for the periods covered by the Report.
     Date: November 9, 2016       

/s/ Elaina Conley  
 
 Elaina Conley  
 
 Vice President  

</EX-32>

