<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161101_10-Q_edgar_data_819793_0000891092-16-018615_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>5467452</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>100461</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>342894</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1169368</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2416834</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1290194</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>126</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000891092-16-018615.hdr.sgml : 20161101
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161101151804
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000891092-16-018615
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		89
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161101
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161101

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			ALBANY INTERNATIONAL CORP /DE/
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000819793
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BROADWOVEN FABRIC MILS, MAN MADE FIBER & SILK [2221]
		IRS NUMBER:				140462060
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-10026
		FILM NUMBER:		161964545

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		216 AIRPORT DRIVE
		CITY:			ROCHESTER
		STATE:			NH
		ZIP:			03867
		BUSINESS PHONE:		5184452200

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		216 AIRPORT DRIVE
		CITY:			ROCHESTER
		STATE:			NH
		ZIP:			03867

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	ALBINT INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19870924

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000891092-16-018615.txt : 20161101

10-Q
 1
 e71784_10q.htm
 QUARTERLY REPORT

UNITED STATES  

  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE
COMMISSION  

  Washington, D.C. 20549  

  Form 10-Q  

  ( ) QUARTERLY
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934  

 For the quarterly period
ended:  September 30, 2016  

 OR 

  (  ) TRANSITION
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934  

 For the transition period
from __________ to __________ 

 Commission file number:
 1-10026    

  ALBANY INTERNATIONAL
CORP.  

 (Exact name of registrant as
specified in its charter) 

Delaware  
       
       14-0462060   
 
       (State or other jurisdiction of  
       
       (IRS Employer Identification No.)   
 
      incorporation or organization)   

216 Airport Drive, Rochester, New Hampshire  
       
       03867   
 
       (Address of principal executive offices)  
       
      (Zip Code)    

Registrant s telephone number, including
area code  518-445-2200  

 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding
12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports) and (2) has been subject to such filing
requirements for the past 90 days. Yes [   ] No [    ] 

 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted
and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter
period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes [   ] No [    ] 

 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. 

Large accelerated filer   
      [   ]   
      Accelerated filer   
      [    ]    
 
      Non-accelerated filer   
      [    ]   
      Smaller reporting company   
      [    ]    

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is
a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes [    ] No [   ] 

The registrant had 28.9 million shares of Class
A Common Stock and 3.2 million shares of Class B Common Stock outstanding as of October 24, 2016. 

ALBANY INTERNATIONAL
CORP.  

  TABLE OF CONTENTS  

Page
    No.   

Part I Financial information   

Item 1. Financial Statements   
      3   

Consolidated statements of income   three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015   
      3   

Consolidated statements of comprehensive income/(loss)   three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015   
      4   

Consolidated balance sheets   September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015   
      5   

Consolidated statements of cash flows   three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015   
      6   

Notes to consolidated financial statements   
      7   

Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations   
      30   

Forward-looking statements   
      30   

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk   
      48   

Item 4. Controls and Procedures   
      48   

Part II Other Information   

Item 1. Legal Proceedings   
      49   

Item 1A. Risk Factors   
      49   

Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds   
      49   

Item 3. Defaults upon Senior Securities   
      49   

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures   
      49   

Item 5. Other Information   
      49   

Item 6. Exhibits   
      50   

ITEM 1. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

ALBANY INTERNATIONAL CORP. 

   CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME 

 (in thousands, except per share data) 

 (unaudited) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements 

ALBANY INTERNATIONAL CORP. 

   CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME/(LOSS) 

 (in thousands) 

 (unaudited) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements 

ALBANY INTERNATIONAL CORP. 

   CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

 (in thousands, except share data) 

 (unaudited) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements 

ALBANY INTERNATIONAL CORP. 

   CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOW 

 (in thousands) 

 (unaudited) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements 

ALBANY
INTERNATIONAL CORP.   

   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 (unaudited) 

   1. Significant Accounting
Policies   

   Basis of Presentation   

 In the opinion of management, the
accompanying unaudited consolidated financial statements contain all adjustments, consisting of only normal recurring adjustments
and elimination of intercompany transactions necessary for a fair presentation of results for such periods. Albany International
Corp. ( Albany ) consolidates the financial results of its subsidiaries for all periods presented. The results for
any interim period are not necessarily indicative of results for the full year. 

 The preparation of financial statements
in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles ( GAAP ) requires management to make estimates and
assumptions that affect the amounts reported in Albany International Corp. s Consolidated Financial Statements and accompanying
Notes. Actual results could differ materially from those estimates. 

 The information included in this
Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q should be read in conjunction with  Risk Factors,   Legal Proceedings,   Management s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operation,   Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures
about Market Risk  and the Consolidated Financial Statements and Notes thereto included in Items 1A, 3, 7, 7A and 8, respectively,
of the Albany International Corp. Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015. 

 Except as described herein, there
has been no material change to the accounting policies applied to our consolidated results and footnote disclosures. In accordance
with the accounting guidance for business combinations, we use the acquisition method of accounting to allocate costs of acquired
businesses to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on their estimated fair values at the dates of acquisition. The
excess costs of acquired businesses over the fair values of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed are recognized as goodwill.
The valuations of acquired assets and liabilities will impact the determination of future operating results. In addition to using
management estimates and negotiated amounts, we use a variety of information sources to determine the estimated fair values of
the assets and liabilities, including third-party appraisals for the estimated value and lives of identifiable intangible assets
and property and equipment. The business and technical judgment of management is used in determining the useful lives of finite-lived
intangible assets in accordance with the accounting guidance for goodwill and intangible assets. 

   2.  Business Acquisition  

 On April 8, 2016, the Company acquired
the outstanding shares of Harris Corporation s composite aerostructures business for cash of $187 million, plus the assumption
of certain liabilities. The Company funded the cash payable at closing by utilizing proceeds from a $550 million, unsecured credit
facility agreement that was completed April 8, 2016 (see Note 14). The acquired entity has been renamed Albany Aerostructures Composites
LLC ( AAC ), and is part of the Albany Engineered Composites ( AEC ) segment. 

The following table summarizes the
provisional allocation of the purchase price of AAC to the fair value of the assets and liabilities acquired: 

The Company is continuing to
perform procedures to verify the value of assets and liabilities acquired, and the useful lives of amortizable assets. Accordingly,
adjustments to the values in the above table may be required in future periods. Goodwill of $67.0 million reflects that the acquisition
broadens and deepens AEC s products, experience and manufacturing capabilities, and significantly increases opportunities
for future growth. The goodwill is non-deductible for tax purposes. 

 The seller has provided representations,
warranties and indemnities customary for acquisition transactions, including indemnities for certain customer claims identified
before closing. As of September 30, 2016, Accounts receivable includes $3.2 million which is expected to be recovered from the
seller under the terms of the indemnity arrangement. 

 In the course of performing its
ongoing opening balance sheet procedures during the third quarter of 2016, management identified certain adjustments to the provisional
value of assets and liabilities acquired reported in the Form 10-Q for the period ended June 30, 2016. The Consolidated Statement
of Income for the third quarter of 2016 includes the cumulative effect of adjusting the provisional amounts, as illustrated in
the table below: 

The following table presents
operational results of AAC that are included in the Consolidated Statements of Income: 

The Consolidated Statements of
Income reflect operational activity of AAC for only the period subsequent to the closing, which affects comparability of results.
The following table shows total Company pro forma statements of operations for the three- and nine-month periods ended September
30, 2016 and 2015, as if the acquisition had occurred on January 1, 2015. This pro forma information does not purport to represent
what the Company s actual results would have been if the acquisitions had occurred as of the date indicated, or what such
results would be for any future periods. 

3.
Reportable Segments   

 The following tables show data by
reportable segment, reconciled to consolidated totals included in the financial statements: 

Total assets of the AEC segment
increased by approximately $242 million during 2016 due to the acquisition of AAC. 

 Total capital expenditures for the
nine months of 2016 were $53.8 million, including amounts that were included in Accounts payable. In the Consolidated Statements
of Cash Flows, capital expenditures and accounts payable were each adjusted by $2.5 million to reflect the non-cash nature of the
transactions. 

 During the first nine months of
2016, the Company recorded expense of $5.4 million for costs directly related to the acquisition. These costs are included in Selling,
general and administrative expenses of the AEC segment. 

 The table below presents restructuring
costs by reportable segment (also see Note 5): 

4.
Pensions and Other Postretirement Benefit Plans    

  Pension Plans   

 The Company has defined benefit
pension plans covering certain U.S. and non-U.S. employees. The U.S. qualified defined benefit pension plan has been closed to
new participants since October 1998 and, as of February 2009, benefits accrued under this plan were frozen. As a result of the
freeze, employees covered by the pension plan will receive, at retirement, only those benefits accrued through February 2009. Benefit
accruals under the U.S. Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan ( SERP ) were similarly frozen. The eligibility, benefit
formulas, and contribution requirements for plans outside of the U.S. vary by location. 

  Other Postretirement Benefits   

 The Company also provides certain
postretirement life insurance benefits to retired employees in Canada. The Company accrues the cost of providing postretirement
benefits during the active service period of the employees. The Company currently funds the plan as claims are paid. 

The composition of the net periodic
benefit plan cost for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 was as follows: 

5. Restructuring    

 During the first quarter of 2016
the Company announced the initiation of discussions with the relevant employee Works Council regarding a proposal
to discontinue research and development activities at its Machine Clothing production facility in S lestat, France.
In May 2016, we reached agreement with the Works Council on the restructuring plan and we recorded $2.0 million of
restructuring expense in the first nine months of 2016 as our  current estimate of the cost for severance, outplacement, and
the write-off of equipment. Cost savings associated with this action will reduce research and development expenses in future
periods. 

 Machine Clothing restructuring charges
for the first nine months of 2016 also include $1.9 million for the relocation of equipment from our former manufacturing facility
in Germany. 

 Albany Engineered Composites restructuring
expenses in 2016 were principally related to the consolidation of the Company s legacy programs into Boerne, Texas. 

 Machine Clothing restructuring costs
in 2015 were principally related to plant closure costs in G ppingen, Germany. 

 The following table summarizes
charges reported in the Consolidated Statements of Income under  Restructuring expenses, net : 

We
expect that approximately $6.0 million of Accrued liabilities for restructuring at September 30, 2016 will be paid within one year
and approximately $1.5 million will be paid in the following year. The table below presents the year-to-date changes in restructuring
liabilities for 2016 and 2015, all of which related to termination costs: 

6. Other Income, net    

 The components of other (income)/expense,
net are: 

In March 2015, the Company sold
its total equity investment in an unaffiliated company, resulting in a gain of $0.9 million. The value of the investment had been
written off in 2004. 

   7. Income Taxes   

 The following table presents components
of income tax expense for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015:      

The third
quarter estimated income tax rate based on continuing operations was 37.5 percent in 2016, compared to 38.0 percent for the same
period in 2015. 

 The Company
records the residual U.S. and foreign taxes on certain amounts of current year foreign earnings that have been targeted for repatriation
to the U.S. As a result, such amounts are not considered to be permanently reinvested, and the income tax provision before discrete
items includes the residual taxes on these earnings to the extent they cannot be repatriated in a tax-free manner. As of September
30, 2016, the Company has recorded a deferred tax liability on $59.0 million of prior year non-U.S. earnings that have been targeted
for future repatriation to the U.S. 

The Company
conducts business globally and, as a result, files income tax returns in the U.S. federal jurisdiction and various state and foreign
jurisdictions.  In the normal course of business we are subject to examination by taxing authorities throughout the world
and we are currently under audit in various jurisdictions, including Canada, France and Italy. The open tax years range from 2007
to 2015. 

 It is reasonably
possible that over the next twelve months the amount of unrecognized tax benefits may change within a range of $0.0 to a net decrease
of $2.3 million, from the reevaluation of uncertain tax positions arising in examinations, in appeals, or in the courts, or from
the closure of tax statutes.    

 In the first
quarter of 2016, the Company reached a settlement with the German tax authorities over matters that had been outstanding for many
years. The German Tax Authority had denied tax positions taken by the Company related to a 1999 reorganization. In 2009, the Company
made a payment of $14.5 million in order to appeal the German Tax Authority decision, and we recorded that payment as an income
tax receivable.  As additional information became available in recent years, we wrote down the receivable by $6.3 million
in 2014 and $6.4 million in 2015 ($5.8 million in the third quarter and $0.6 million in the fourth quarter). In April 2016, we
received $3.7 million representing the final settlement of this matter, and accordingly, we adjusted our income tax receivable
as of March 31, 2016 to that amount, and recorded a discrete tax benefit of $0.5 million for the first quarter of 2016.  

   8. Earnings Per Share    

 The amounts used in computing earnings
per share and the weighted average number of shares of potentially dilutive securities are as follows:                                                                                                                                                 

9. Noncontrolling Interest   

 The table below presents a reconciliation
of income attributable to the noncontrolling interest and noncontrolling equity: 

10. Accumulated Other Comprehensive
Income (AOCI)    

 The table below presents changes
in the components of AOCI for the period December 31, 2015 to September 30, 2016: 

The table below presents changes
in the components of AOCI for the period December 31, 2014 to September 30, 2015: 

The table below presents the
expense/(income) amounts reclassified, and the line items of the Consolidated Statements of Income that were affected for the periods
ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. 

(a)    Included in Interest expense.    

(b)    These accumulated other comprehensive income/(loss) components are included
in the computation of net periodic pension cost (see Note 4).    

11. Accounts Receivable   

 Accounts receivable includes trade
receivables, and revenue in excess of progress billings on long-term contracts in the AEC segment. The Company maintains allowances
for doubtful accounts for estimated losses resulting from the inability of its customers to make required payments. The Company
determines allowances based on historical write-off experience, customer-specific facts and economic conditions. If the financial
condition of the Company s customers were to deteriorate, resulting in an impairment of their ability to make payments, additional
allowances may be required. 

 As of September 30, 2016 and December
31, 2015, Accounts receivable consisted of the following: 

In connection with certain sales
in Asia Pacific, the Company accepts a bank promissory note as customer payment. The notes may be presented for payment at maturity,
which is less than one year. 

   12. Inventories    

 Inventories are stated at the lower
of cost or market, with cost determined using the first-in-first out method. The Company writes down the inventory for estimated
obsolescence and to lower of cost or market value based upon assumptions about future demand and market conditions. If actual market
conditions are less favorable than those projected by the Company, additional inventory write-downs may be required. Once established,
the original cost of the inventory less the related inventory allowance represents the new cost basis of such inventories. The
AEC segment has long-term contracts under which we incur engineering and development costs that are allocable to parts that will
be delivered over multiple years. These costs are included in Work in process in the table below. 

 As of September 30, 2016 and December
31, 2015, inventories consisted of the following: 

13.
Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets    

 Goodwill and intangible assets with
indefinite useful lives are not amortized, but are tested for impairment at least annually. Goodwill represents the excess of the
purchase price over the fair value of the net tangible and identifiable intangible assets acquired in each business combination.
Our reporting units are consistent with our operating segments. 

Determining the fair value of a
reporting unit requires the use of significant estimates and assumptions, including revenue growth rates, operating margins, discount
rates, and future market conditions, among others. Goodwill and other long-lived assets are reviewed for impairment whenever events,
such as significant changes in the business climate, plant closures, changes in product offerings, or other circumstances indicate
that the carrying amount may not be recoverable. 

 To determine fair value, we utilize
two market-based approaches and an income approach. Under the market-based approaches, we utilize information regarding the Company
as well as publicly available industry information to determine earnings multiples and sales multiples. Under the income approach,
we determine fair value based on estimated future cash flows of each reporting unit, discounted by an estimated weighted-average
cost of capital, which reflects the overall level of inherent risk of a reporting unit and the rate of return an outside investor
would expect to earn. 

 On April 8, 2016, the Company acquired
the outstanding shares of Harris Corporation s composite aerostructures business. Management is in the process of determining
the fair value of assets and liabilities acquired. Based on procedures performed through September 30, 2016, we acquired amortizable
intangible assets of $59.4 million and goodwill of $67.0 million. The amounts are subject to change as management completes its
review of assets and liabilities acquired. 

 Prior to the acquisition, the entire
balance of goodwill on our books was attributable to the Machine Clothing business. In the second quarter of 2016, the Company
applied the qualitative assessment approach in performing its annual evaluation of Machine Clothing goodwill and concluded that
no impairment provision was required. There were no amounts at risk due to the large spread between the fair and carrying values. 

 We are continuing to amortize certain
patents, trade names and technology assets that have finite lives. The changes in intangible assets and goodwill from December
31, 2015 to September 30, 2016, were as follows: 

The estimated useful lives for intangibles
acquired during the second quarter of 2016 are 19 years for customer relationships, 6 years for customer contracts, and 7 to 22
years for other intangibles. The estimate of intangible amortization expense for 2016 and beyond is significantly influenced by
the preliminary valuation of intangibles acquired in the second quarter of 2016 and is subject to adjustment when the valuation
work is completed. Based on the preliminary valuation, estimated amortization expense of intangibles for the years ending December
31, 2016 through 2020, is as follows: 

14. Financial Instruments

Long-term debt, principally to banks
and bondholders, consists of: 

A note agreement and guaranty
( Prudential Agreement ) was originally entered into in October 2005 with the Prudential Insurance Company of America,
and certain other purchasers, with interest at 6.84%. The remaining principal under the Prudential Agreement is $50 million, and
is due on the maturity date of October 25, 2017. At the noteholders  election, certain prepayments may also be required in
connection with certain asset dispositions or financings. The notes may not otherwise be prepaid without a premium, under certain
market conditions. The Prudential Agreement contains customary terms, as well as affirmative covenants, negative covenants, and
events of default, comparable to those in our current principal credit facility agreement (as described below). The Prudential
Agreement has been amended a number of times, most recently in April 2016, in order to maintain terms comparable to our current
principal credit facility. For disclosure purposes, we are required to measure the fair value of outstanding debt on a recurring
basis. As of September 30, 2016, the fair value of this debt was approximately $53.5 million, and was measured using active market
interest rates, which would be considered Level 2 for fair value measurement purposes. 

On April 8, 2016, we entered into
a $550 million unsecured Five-Year Revolving Credit Facility Agreement (the  Credit Agreement ) which amends and restates
the prior $400 million Agreement, entered into on June 18, 2015 (the  Prior Agreement ). Under the Credit Agreement,
$425 million of borrowings were outstanding as of September 30, 2016. The applicable interest rate for borrowings was LIBOR plus
a spread, based on our leverage ratio at the time of borrowing. At the time of the last borrowing on September 16, 2016, the spread
was 1.500%. The spread was based on a pricing grid, which ranged from 1.250% to 1.750%, based on our leverage ratio. Based on our
maximum leverage ratio and our Consolidated EBITDA, and without modification to any other credit agreements, as of September 30,
2016, we would have been able to borrow an additional $125 million under the Agreement. 

 The Credit Agreement contains customary
terms, as well as affirmative covenants, negative covenants and events of default comparable to those in the Prior Agreement. The
Borrowings are guaranteed by certain of the Company's subsidiaries. 

 Our ability to borrow additional
amounts under the Credit Agreement is conditional upon the absence of any defaults, as well as the absence of any material adverse
change (as defined in the Credit Agreement). 

 In connection with the acquisition
of AAC, the Company has a long-term capital lease obligation for real property in Salt Lake City, Utah. The lease has an implied
interest rate of 6.08% and matures in 2022. 

  The
following schedule presents future minimum annual lease payments under the capital     
lease obligation and the present value of the minimum lease payments, as of September 30, 2016.  

On May 6, 2016, we terminated
our interest rate swap agreements that had effectively fixed the interest rate on up to $120 million of revolving credit borrowings,
in order to enter into a new interest rate swap with a greater notional amount, and the same maturity as the Credit Agreement.
We paid $5.2 million to terminate the swap agreements and that cost will be amortized into interest expense through June 2020. 

On May 9, 2016, we entered into
interest rate hedges for the period May 16, 2016 through March 16, 2021. These transactions have the effect of fixing the LIBOR
portion of the effective interest rate (before addition of the spread) on $300 million of indebtedness drawn under the Credit Agreement
at the rate of 1.245% during the period. Under the terms of these transactions, we pay the fixed rate of 1.245% and the counterparties
pay a floating rate based on the one-month LIBOR rate at each monthly calculation date, which on September 16, 2016 was 0.530%.
The net effect is to fix the effective interest rate on $300 million of indebtedness at 1.245%, plus the applicable spread, during
the swap period. On September 16, 2016, the all-in-rate on the $300 million of debt was 2.745%. 

 These interest rate swaps are accounted
for as a hedge of future cash flows, as further described in Note 15 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. No cash
collateral was received or pledged in relation to the swap agreements. 

 Under the Credit Agreement and Prudential
Agreement, we are currently required to maintain a leverage ratio (as defined in the agreements) of not greater than 3.50 to 1.00
and minimum interest coverage (as defined) of 3.00 to 1.00. 

 As of September 30, 2016, our leverage
ratio, including the pro-forma effect of the acquisition, was 2.38 to 1.00 and our interest coverage ratio was 12.93 to 1.00. We
may purchase our Common Stock or pay dividends to the extent our leverage ratio remains at or below 3.50 to 1.00, and may make
acquisitions with cash provided our leverage ratio would not exceed 3.50 to 1.00 after giving pro forma effect to the acquisition. 

 Indebtedness under each of the Prudential
Agreement and the Credit Agreement is ranked equally in right of payment to all unsecured senior debt. 

 We were in compliance with all debt
covenants as of September 30, 2016. 

   15. Fair-Value Measurements   

 Fair value is defined as the exchange
price that would be received for an asset or paid to transfer a liability (an exit price) in the principal or most advantageous
market for the asset or liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. Accounting principles
establish a hierarchy for inputs used in measuring fair value that maximizes the use of observable inputs and minimizes the use
of unobservable inputs by requiring that the most observable inputs be used when available. Level 3 inputs are unobservable data
points for the asset or liability, and include situations in which there is little, if any, market activity for the asset or liability.
In 2015 we reclassified land and building related to the former manufacturing facility in Germany as Asset held for sale in the
accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets. As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, we have Level 3 financial assets of $5.2
million and $5.0 million, respectively. The value as of September 30, 2016 was determined based on a contract which is expected
to close in the fourth quarter of 2016. 

The following table presents
the fair-value hierarchy for our Level 1 and Level 2 financial and non-financial assets and liabilities, which are measured at
fair value on a recurring basis, and Level 3 non-financial measured at fair value: 

(a)    Original cost basis $0.5 million    

(b)    Net of $13.8 million receivable floating leg and $16.8 million liability
fixed leg    

(c)    Net of $7.4 million receivable floating leg and $9.8 million liability
fixed leg    

 Cash equivalents include short-term
securities that are considered to be highly liquid and easily tradable. These securities are valued using inputs observable in
active markets for identical securities. 

 The common stock of the unaffiliated
foreign public company is traded in an active market exchange. The shares are measured at fair value using closing stock prices
and are recorded in the Consolidated Balance Sheets as Other assets. The securities are classified as available for sale, and as
a result any unrealized gain or loss is recorded in the Shareholders  Equity section of the Consolidated Balance Sheets rather
than in the Consolidated Statements of Income. When the security is sold or impaired, gains and losses are reported on the Consolidated
Statements of Income. Investments are considered to be impaired when a decline in fair value is judged to be other than temporary. 

 We operate our business in many
regions of the world, and currency rate movements can have a significant effect on operating results. Foreign currency instruments
are entered into periodically, and consist of foreign currency option contracts and forward contracts that are valued using quoted
prices in active markets obtained from independent pricing sources. These instruments are measured using market foreign exchange
prices and are recorded in the Consolidated Balance Sheets as Other current assets and Accounts payable, as applicable. Changes
in fair value of these instruments are recorded as gains or losses within Other (income)/expenses, net. 

 When exercised, the foreign currency
instruments are net settled with the same financial institution that bought or sold them. For all positions, whether options or
forward contracts, there is risk from the possible inability of the financial institution to meet the terms of the contracts and
the risk of unfavorable changes in interest and currency rates, which may reduce the value of the instruments. We seek to control
risk by evaluating the creditworthiness of counterparties and by monitoring the currency exchange and interest rate markets while
reviewing the hedging risks and contracts to ensure compliance with our internal guidelines and policies. 

 Changes in exchange rates can result
in revaluation gains and losses that are recorded in Selling, General and Administrative expenses or Other (income)/expenses, net.
Revaluation gains and losses occur when our business units have cash, intercompany (recorded in Other (income)/expenses, net) or
third-party trade (recorded in Selling, General and Administrative expenses) receivable or payable balances in a currency other
than their local reporting (or functional) currency. 

Operating results can also be affected
by the translation of sales and costs, for each non-U.S. subsidiary, from the local functional currency to the U.S. dollar. The
translation effect on the Consolidated Statements of Income is dependent on our net income or expense position in each non-U.S.
currency in which we do business. A net income position exists when sales realized in a particular currency exceed expenses paid
in that currency; a net expense position exists if the opposite is true. 

 The interest rate swaps are accounted
for as hedges of future cash flows. The fair value of our interest rate swaps are derived from a discounted cash flow analysis
based on the terms of the contract and the interest rate curve, and is included in Other assets and/or Other noncurrent liabilities
in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Unrealized gains and losses on the swaps flow through the caption Derivative valuation adjustment
in the Shareholders  equity section of the Consolidated Balance Sheets, to the extent that the hedges are highly effective.
As of September 30, 2016, these interest rate swaps were determined to be highly effective hedges of interest rate cash flow risk.
Any gains and losses related to the ineffective portion of the hedges will be recognized in the current period in earnings. Amounts
accumulated in Other comprehensive income are reclassified as Interest expense, net when the related interest payments (that is,
the hedged forecasted transactions), and amortization related to the swap buyouts, affect earnings. Interest expense related to
the current swaps totaled $1.2 million for the nine month period ended September 30, 2016 and $1.5 million for the nine month period
ended September 30, 2015. Interest expense related to the swap buyouts totaled $0.5 million for the nine month period ended September
30, 2016 and $0.0 million for the nine month period ended September 30, 2015. 

 Gains/(losses) related to changes
in fair value of derivative instruments that were recognized in Other (income)/expenses, net in the Consolidated Statements of
Income were as follows: 

16. Contingencies    

  Asbestos Litigation  

 Albany International Corp. is a
defendant in suits brought in various courts in the United States by plaintiffs who allege that they have suffered personal injury
as a result of exposure to asbestos-containing products that we previously manufactured. We produced asbestos-containing paper
machine clothing synthetic dryer fabrics marketed during the period from 1967 to 1976 and used in certain paper mills. Such fabrics
generally had a useful life of three to twelve months. 

 We were defending 3,753 claims as
of September 30, 2016. 

The following table sets forth the
number of claims filed, the number of claims settled, dismissed or otherwise resolved, and the aggregate settlement amount during
the periods presented: 

We anticipate that additional
claims will be filed against the Company and related companies in the future, but are unable to predict the number and timing of
such future claims. 

 Exposure and disease information
sufficient to meaningfully estimate a range of possible loss of a particular claim is typically not available until late in the
discovery process, and often not until a trial date is imminent and a settlement demand has been received. For these reasons, we
do not believe a meaningful estimate can be made regarding the range of possible loss with respect to pending or future claims. 

 While we believe we have meritorious
defenses to these claims, we have settled certain claims for amounts we consider reasonable given the facts and circumstances of
each case. Our insurer, Liberty Mutual, has defended each case and funded settlements under a standard reservation of rights. As
of September 30, 2016 we had resolved, by means of settlement or dismissal, 37,468 claims. The total cost of resolving all claims
was $10.1 million. Of this amount, almost 100% was paid by our insurance carrier. The Company s insurer has confirmed that
although the coverage limits under two (of approximately 23) primary insurance policies have been exhausted, there still remains
approximately $3 million in coverage limits under other applicable primary policies, and $140 million in coverage under excess
umbrella coverage policies that should be available with respect to current and future asbestos claims. 

 Brandon Drying Fabrics, Inc. ( Brandon ),
a subsidiary of Geschmay Corp., which is a subsidiary of the Company, is also a separate defendant in many of the asbestos cases
in which Albany is named as a defendant. Brandon was defending against 7,707 claims as of September 30, 2016. 

The following table sets forth the
number of claims filed, the number of claims settled, dismissed or otherwise resolved, and the aggregate settlement amount during
the periods presented: 

We acquired Geschmay Corp., formerly
known as Wangner Systems Corporation, in 1999. Brandon is a wholly owned subsidiary of Geschmay Corp. In 1978, Brandon acquired
certain assets from Abney Mills ( Abney ), a South Carolina textile manufacturer. Among the assets acquired by Brandon
from Abney were assets of Abney s wholly owned subsidiary, Brandon Sales, Inc. which had sold, among other things, dryer
fabrics containing asbestos made by its parent, Abney. Although Brandon manufactured and sold dryer fabrics under its own name
subsequent to the asset purchase, none of such fabrics contained asbestos. Because Brandon did not manufacture asbestos-containing
products, and because it does not believe that it was the legal successor to, or otherwise responsible for obligations of Abney
with respect to products manufactured by Abney, it believes it has strong defenses to the claims that have been asserted against
it. As of September 30, 2016, Brandon has resolved, by means of settlement or dismissal, 9,899 claims for a total of $0.2 million.
Brandon s insurance carriers initially agreed to pay 88.2% of the total indemnification and defense costs related to these
proceedings, subject to the standard reservation of rights. The remaining 11.8% of the costs had been borne directly by Brandon.
During 2004, Brandon s insurance carriers agreed to cover 100% of indemnification and defense costs, subject to policy limits
and the standard reservation of rights, and to reimburse Brandon for all indemnity and defense costs paid directly by Brandon related
to these proceedings. 

 For the same reasons set forth above
with respect to Albany s claims, as well as the fact that no amounts have been paid to resolve any Brandon claims since 2001,
we do not believe a meaningful estimate can be made regarding the range of possible loss with respect to these remaining claims. 

 In some of these asbestos cases,
the Company is named both as a direct defendant and as the  successor in interest  to Mount Vernon Mills ( Mount
Vernon ). We acquired certain assets from Mount Vernon in 1993. Certain plaintiffs allege injury caused by asbestos-containing
products alleged to have been sold by Mount Vernon many years prior to this acquisition. Mount Vernon is contractually obligated
to indemnify the Company against any liability arising out of such products. We deny any liability for products sold by Mount Vernon
prior to the acquisition of the Mount Vernon assets. Pursuant to its contractual indemnification obligations, Mount Vernon has
assumed the defense of these claims. On this basis, we have successfully moved for dismissal in a number of actions. 

Although we do not believe, based
on currently available information and for the reasons stated above, that a meaningful estimate of a range of possible loss can
be made with respect to such claims, based on our understanding of the insurance policies available, how settlement amounts have
been allocated to various policies, our settlement experience, the absence of any judgments against the Company or Brandon, the
ratio of paper mill claims to total claims filed, and the defenses available, we currently do not anticipate any material liability
relating to the resolution of the aforementioned pending proceedings in excess of existing insurance limits. 

 Consequently, we currently do not
anticipate, based on currently available information, that the ultimate resolution of the aforementioned proceedings will have
a material adverse effect on the financial position, results of operations, or cash flows of the Company. Although we cannot predict
the number and timing of future claims, based on the foregoing factors and the trends in claims against us to date, we do not anticipate
that additional claims likely to be filed against us in the future will have a material adverse effect on our financial position,
results of operations, or cash flows. We are aware that litigation is inherently uncertain, especially when the outcome is dependent
primarily on determinations of factual matters to be made by juries. 

   17. Changes in Shareholders 
Equity    

 The following table summarizes
changes in Shareholders  Equity:   

18. Recent Accounting Pronouncements

In May 2014, an accounting update
was issued that replaces the existing revenue recognition framework regarding contracts with customers. There have been several
revisions to the update, the latest occurring in May 2016. This accounting update is effective for reporting periods beginning
after December 31, 2017. Early adoption is permitted but not before the original effective date, which is for reporting periods
beginning after December 31, 2016. We have not determined the impact of this update on our financial statements. 

In February 2015, amended accounting
guidance was issued which changes the evaluation of variable interest entities regarding whether they should consolidate limited
partnerships and similar entities, or whether fees are paid to a decision maker or service provider, or whether they are held by
related parties. We adopted this provision as of January 1, 2016 and it did not affect our financial statements. 

 In April 2015 and August 2015, accounting
updates were issued which require that debt issuance costs related to certain types of recognized debt liability be presented in
the balance sheet as a direct reduction of that debt, which could result in a minor netting down of assets and liabilities. We
adopted this provision as of January 1, 2016 and it did not affect our financial statements. 

 In May 2015, an accounting update
was issued which eliminates the requirement to categorize investments in the fair value hierarchy if their fair value is measured
at net asset value (NAV) per share. We adopted this provision as of January 1, 2016 and it did not affect our financial statements. 

 In July 2015, an accounting update
was issued simplifying the measurement of inventory from the lower of cost or market to lower of cost or net realizable value.
This accounting update eliminates the requirement for consideration of replacement cost or net realizable value less normal profit
margin measurements. This accounting update is effective for reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2016. We do not expect
the adoption of this update to have a significant effect on our financial statements. 

 In September 2015, an accounting
update was issued which eliminates the requirement for an acquirer to retrospectively adjust the financial statements for measurement-period
adjustments that occur in periods after a business combination is consummated. This accounting update was adopted January 1, 2016.
Note 2 includes a table of measurement period adjustments related to the Company s acquisition in the second quarter of 2016. 

 In January 2016, an accounting update
was issued which requires entities to present separately in Other comprehensive income the portion of the total change in the fair
value of a liability resulting from a change in the instrument-specific credit risk if the entity has elected to measure the liability
at fair value in accordance with the fair value option for financial instruments. This accounting update is effective for reporting
periods beginning after December 15, 2017. We have not determined the impact of this update on our financial statements. 

 In February 2016, an accounting
update was issued which requires lessees to recognize most leases on the balance sheet. The update may significantly increase reported
assets and liabilities. This accounting update is effective for reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2018. We have not
determined the impact of this update on our financial statements. 

 In March 2016, an accounting update
was issued which clarifies that a change in counterparty to a derivative contract, through novation, that is part of a hedge accounting
relationship does not, by itself, require de-designation of that relationship, as long as all other hedge accounting criteria continue
to be met. This accounting update is effective for reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2016. We do not expect the adoption
of this update to have a significant effect on our financial statements. 

 In March 2016, an accounting update
was issued which simplifies the transition to the equity method of accounting by eliminating the requirement for an investor to
retroactively apply the equity method when its increase in ownership interest, or degree of influence, triggers equity method accounting.
This accounting update is effective for reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2016. We do not expect the adoption of this
update to have a significant effect on our financial statements. 

In March 2016, an accounting update
was issued which simplifies several aspects related to the accounting for share-based payment transactions, including the income
tax consequences, statutory tax withholding requirements, and classification of excess tax benefits on the statements of cash flows.
This accounting update is effective for reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2016. Early adoption is permitted. Adoption
of this accounting update could increase the volatility of income tax expense. We have not determined the effect of this update
on our financial statements. 

 In August 2016, an accounting update
was issued in order to reduce diversity in practice in how certain transactions are classified in the statement of cash flows.
This accounting update is effective for reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2017. Early adoption is permitted. We do
not expect the adoption of this update to have a significant effect on our financial statements. 

 In October 2016, an accounting update
was issued which modifies the recognition of income tax effects on intracompany transfers of assets, other than inventory. This
accounting update is effective for reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2017. We have not determined the effect of this
update on our financial statements. 

ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION
AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS   

 Management s Discussion and Analysis
( MD A ) is intended to help the reader understand the results of operations and financial condition of the Company.
MD A is provided as a supplement to, and should be read in conjunction with, our Consolidated Financial Statements and the
accompanying Notes. 

    Forward-looking statements  

 This quarterly report and the documents
incorporated or deemed to be incorporated by reference in this quarterly report contain statements concerning our future results
and performance and other matters that are  forward-looking  statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities
Act and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act ). The words  believe, 
 expect,   intend,   estimate,   anticipate,   may,   plan, 
 project,   will,   should  and variations of such words or similar expressions are intended,
but are not the exclusive means, to identify forward-looking statements. Because forward-looking statements are subject to risks
and uncertainties, (including, without limitation, those set forth in the Company s most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K
or prior Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q) actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied by the forward-looking
statements. 

 There are a number of risks, uncertainties,
and other important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking statements, including,
but not limited to: 

Conditions in the industries in which our Machine Clothing segment competes,
including the paper industry, along with general risks associated with macroeconomic conditions;    

Declines in demand for paper in certain regions and market segments that
continue at a rate that is greater than anticipated, and growth in demand in other segments or regions that is lower or slower
than anticipated;    

Failure to achieve or maintain anticipated profitable growth in our Albany
Engineered Composites segment; and    

Other risks and uncertainties detailed in this report.    

 Further information concerning important
factors that could cause actual events or results to be materially different from the forward-looking statements can be found in
 Business Environment Overview and Trends  sections of this quarterly report, as well as in the  Risk Factors 
section of our most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K. Statements expressing our assessments of the growth potential of the Albany
Engineered Composites segment are not intended as forecasts of actual future growth, and should not be relied on as such. While
we believe such assessments to have a reasonable basis, such assessments are, by their nature, inherently uncertain. This report
sets forth a number of assumptions regarding these assessments, including projected timing and volume of demand for aircraft and
for LEAP aircraft engines. Such assumptions could prove incorrect. Although we believe the expectations reflected in our forward-looking
statements are based on reasonable assumptions, it is not possible to foresee or identify all factors that could have a material
and negative impact on our future performance. The forward-looking statements included or incorporated by reference in this report
are made on the basis of our assumptions and analyses, as of the time the statements are made, in light of our experience and perception
of historical conditions, expected future developments, and other factors believed to be appropriate under the circumstances. 

Except as otherwise required by
the federal securities laws, we disclaim any obligations or undertaking to publicly release any updates or revisions to any forward-looking
statement contained or incorporated by reference in this report to reflect any change in our expectations with regard thereto or
any change in events, conditions or circumstances on which any such statement is based. 

   Business Environment Overview
and Trends   

 Our reportable segments, Machine
Clothing (MC) and Albany Engineered Composites (AEC), draw on the same advanced textiles and materials processing capabilities,
and compete on the basis of proprietary, product-based advantage that is grounded in those core capabilities. 

 The MC segment is the Company s
long-established core business and primary generator of cash. While the paper and paperboard industry in our traditional geographic
markets has suffered from well-documented declines in publication grades, the industry is still expected to grow slightly on a
global basis, driven by demand for packaging and tissue grades, as well as the expansion of paper consumption and production in
Asia and South America. We feel we are now well-positioned in these markets, with high-quality, low-cost production in growth markets,
substantially lower fixed costs in mature markets, and continued strength in new product development, field services, and manufacturing
technology. Because of pricing pressures and industry overcapacity, the machine clothing and paper industries will continue to
face top line pressure. Nonetheless the business has potential for flat earnings in the future. It has been a significant generator
of cash, and we seek to maintain the cash-generating potential of this business by maintaining the low costs that we achieved through
restructuring, and competing vigorously by using our differentiated products and services to reduce our customers  total
cost of operation and improve their paper quality. 

 The AEC segment, including the Company s
second quarter acquisition of Harris Corporation s composite aerostructures business, provides significant growth potential
for our Company both near and long term. Our strategy is to grow by focusing our proprietary technology and manufacturing capabilities
on high-value aerospace and defense applications. AEC (including Albany Safran Composites, LLC ( ASC ), in which our
customer SAFRAN Group owns a 10 percent noncontrolling interest) supplies a number of customers in the aerospace industry. AEC s
largest aerospace customer is the SAFRAN Group. Through ASC, AEC develops and sells composite aerospace components to SAFRAN, with
the most significant program at present being the production of fan blades and fan cases for the LEAP engine. AEC (through ASC
and otherwise) is also developing other new and potentially significant composite products for aerospace (engine and airframe)
applications. Other growth programs of note are the fan case for the GE9X engine, airframe components and LiftFan   parts for
the Joint Strike Fighter (JSF) for   Rolls Royce, and Boeing Forward Fuselage Frames. AEC is actively engaged
in research to develop new applications in the aircraft engine, airframes, and automotive markets. 

  Consolidated Results of Operations  

 On April 8, 2016, the Company acquired
the outstanding shares of Harris Corporation s composite aerostructures business for $187 million in cash, plus the assumption
of certain liabilities. The acquired entity has been renamed Albany Aerostructures Composites LLC ( AAC ), and is part
of the AEC segment. Management believes that the acquisition broadens and deepens AEC s products, experience and manufacturing
capabilities, and significantly increases opportunities for future growth. 

The following table presents operational
results of AAC that are included in the Consolidated Statements of Income: 

Net sales  

 The following table summarizes our
net sales by business segment: 

Three month comparison  

Changes in currency translation rates had the effect of increasing net
sales by $0.2 million during the third quarter of 2016 as compared to 2015.    

Excluding the effect of changes in currency translation rates:    

Net
sales in MC decreased 7.4%.    

Compared to the third quarter of 2015, Machine Clothing sales decreased
in virtually every region and paper grade. The decrease reflects a return to a more normal seasonal pattern combined with
weakness in the publication grades in Europe and Asia.     

AEC sales increased $23.8 million, principally due to the acquisition
and growth in the LEAP program.     

  Nine month comparison  

Changes in currency translation rates had the effect of decreasing net
sales by $1.8 million during the first nine months of 2016 as compared to 2015.    

Excluding the effect of changes in currency translation rates:    

Net
sales in MC decreased 5.2%.    

Excluding the effect of changes in currency translation rates, the decline
in the first nine months of 2016 MC segment sales was principally due to the continuing effect of the significant drop in publication
grade sales.    

AEC sales increased $60.5 million, reflecting the acquisition of AAC.
The remainder of the increase was principally due to growth in the LEAP program.    

  Gross Profit  

 The following table summarizes gross
profit/(loss) by business segment: 

Three month comparison  

 The decrease in gross profit, compared
to the same period in 2015, was principally due to the net effect of the following individually significant items: 

The increase in AEC gross profit to $4.6 million in the third quarter
of 2016, compared to $1.4 million in the third quarter of 2015, due to higher sales as described above.    

  Nine month comparison  

 The increase in gross profit, compared
to the same period in 2015, was principally due to the net effect of the following individually significant items: 

The reduction in MC sales described above resulted in a decrease in gross
profit of $12.3 million. MC gross profit margin improved to 47.7% in 2016 from 47.0% in 2015, principally due to better capacity utilization.    

Selling, Technical, General, and Research
(STG R)  

 The following table summarizes STG R
by business segment: 

Three month comparison  

 The increase in STG R expenses
of $1.1 million, compared to the same period in 2015, was principally due to the net effect of the following individually significant
items: 

Machine Clothing restructuring actions taken in previous quarters reduced
2016 STG R expenses by approximately $1.7 million.    

Revaluation of nonfunctional currency assets and liabilities resulted
in third-quarter losses of $0.1 million in 2016 and gains of $2.0 million in 2015.     

AAC STG R expenses were $3.2 million in the third quarter of 2016
and, additionally, we incurred $0.4 million of costs related to integration of the acquired business.    

  Nine month comparison  

 The increase in STG R expenses
of $6.6 million, compared to the same period in 2015, was principally due to the net effect of the following individually significant
items: 

Machine Clothing restructuring actions taken in previous quarters reduced
2016 STG R expenses by approximately $6.0 million.    

Revaluation of nonfunctional currency assets and liabilities resulted
in losses for the first nine months of $1.7 million in 2016 and gains of $4.5 million in 2015.     

Changes in currency translation rates reduced MC STG R by $1.5 million,
compared to the first nine months of 2015.    

In the first nine months of 2016, AEC recorded expenses of $5.4 million
related to the acquisition of AAC.    

Research and Development  

 The following table summarizes expenses
associated with internally funded research and development by business segment: 

Restructuring Expense  

 In addition to the items discussed
above affecting gross profit and STG R, operating income was affected by restructuring costs of $7.7 million in the first nine
months of 2016 and $13.9 million in the comparable period of 2015. 

 The following table summarizes restructuring
expense by business segment: 

During the first quarter
of 2016 the Company announced the initiation of discussions with the relevant employee Works Council regarding a proposal
to discontinue research and development activities at its Machine Clothing production facility in S lestat, France.
In May 2016, we reached agreement with the Works Council on the restructuring plan and we recorded $2.0 million of
restructuring expense in the first nine months of 2016 as our  current estimate of the cost for severance, outplacement, and
the write-off of equipment. Cost savings associated with this action will reduce research and development expenses in future
periods. 

 Machine Clothing restructuring charges
for the first nine months of 2016 also include $1.9 million for the relocation of equipment from our former manufacturing facility
in Germany. 

 Albany Engineered Composites restructuring
expenses in 2016 were principally related to the consolidation of the Company s legacy programs into Boerne, Texas. 

 Machine Clothing restructuring costs
in 2015 were principally related to plant closure costs in G ppingen, Germany. 

 For more information on our restructuring
charges, see Note 5 to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 1, which is incorporated herein by reference. 

Operating Income  

 The following table summarizes operating
income/(loss) by business segment: 

Other
Earnings Items  

Interest Expense, net  

 Compared to 2015, Interest expense,
net, increased principally due to borrowings to fund the AAC acquisition, and the interest associated with AAC s capital
lease obligation. For more information on borrowings and interest rates, see Note 14 to the Consolidated Financial Statements in
Item 1, which is incorporated herein by reference. 

  Other Income, net  

 Other income, net included the following
individually significant items: 

  Three month comparison  

Nine month comparison  

Foreign currency revaluations of intercompany balances resulted in gains
for the first nine months of $2.4 million in 2016 and losses of $0.4 million in 2015.    

A gain of $0.9 million was recorded in the first quarter of 2015 related
to the sale of the Company s investment in an unaffiliated company.     

  Income Tax   

 The
Company has operations which constitute a taxable presence in 18 countries outside of the United States, all of which have
income tax rates that were at or below the United States  federal tax rate of 35% during the periods reported. The
jurisdictional location of earnings is a significant component of our effective tax rate each year and therefore of our
overall income tax expense. 

Three month comparison  

 The Company s
effective tax rates for the third quarter of 2016 and 2015 were 35.8% and 55.8%, respectively. The tax rate is affected by recurring
items, such as the income tax rate in the U.S. and in non-U.S. jurisdictions and the mix of income earned in those jurisdictions.
The rate is also affected by U.S. tax costs on foreign earnings that have been or will be repatriated to the U.S., and by discrete
items that may occur in any given year but are not consistent from year to year. 

 Significant
items that impacted the tax rates in the third quarter of 2016 included the following (percentages reflect the effect of each item
as a percentage of Income before income taxes): 

A $0.3 million [-1.7%] net tax benefit related
to a change in the estimated tax rate for the year, partially offset by discrete tax adjustments.    

 The income tax rate on continuing operations,
excluding the above items, was 37.5%. 

 Significant
items that impacted the 2015 tax rate included the following: 

A $4.5 million [20.6%] discrete income tax expense related to provisions
for and settlements of income tax audits.    

A $1.0 million [4.4%] net tax expense due to changes in/establishment
of uncertain tax positions.    

A $1.0 million [-4.6%] net tax benefit related to a change in the estimated
tax rate for the year.    

A $0.6 million [-2.6%] net tax benefit related to adjustments to prior
year tax liabilities.    

 The income tax rate on continuing operations,
excluding  the above items, was 38.0%. 

  Nine month comparison  

 The Company s
effective tax rates for the first nine-month periods of 2016 and 2015 were 35.9% and 50.7% respectively. The tax rate is affected
by recurring items, such as the income tax rate in the U.S. and in non-U.S. jurisdictions and the mix of income earned in those
jurisdictions. The tax rate is also affected by U.S. tax costs on foreign earnings that have been or will be repatriated to the
U.S., and discrete items that may occur in any year but are not consistent from year to year. 

 Significant
items that impacted the 2016 tax rate included the following (percentages reflect the effect of each item as a percentage of income
before income taxes): 

A ($0.8) million [-1.4%] discrete income
tax benefit related to provisions for and settlements of income tax audits.    

A ($0.3) million [-0.4%] net tax benefit
due to changes in/establishment of uncertain tax positions.    

A $0.1 million [0.2%] net tax expense related
to other discrete items.    

 The income tax
rate on continuing operations, excluding  the above  items, was 37.5%. 

 Significant
items that impacted the 2015 tax rate included the following (percentages reflect the effect of each item as a percentage of income
excluding the building insurance gain and before income taxes): 

A $4.5 million [11.2%] discrete income tax
expense related to provisions for and settlements of income tax audits.    

A $1.2 million [2.9%] net tax expense due
to changes in/establishment of uncertain tax positions.    

A $0.5 million [-1.4%] net tax benefit related
to other discrete items.    

 The income tax
rate on continuing operations, excluding  the above  items, was 38.0%. 

 Segment Results of Operations 

 Machine Clothing Segment 

 Business Environment and Trends 

 MC is our primary business segment
and accounted for 77% of our consolidated revenues during the first nine months of 2016. MC products are purchased primarily by
manufacturers of paper and paperboard. 

 According to RISI, Inc., global
production of paper and paperboard is expected to grow at an annual rate of approximately 2% over the next five years, driven primarily
by secular demand increases in Asia and South America, with stabilization in the mature markets of Europe and North America. 

 Shifting demand for paper, across
different paper grades as well as across geographical regions, continues to drive the elimination of papermaking capacity in areas
with significant established capacity, primarily in the mature markets of Europe and North America. At the same time, the newest,
most efficient machines are being installed in areas of growing demand, including Asia and South America generally, as well as
tissue and towel paper grades in all regions. Recent technological advances in paper machine clothing, while contributing to the
papermaking efficiency of customers, have lengthened the useful life of many of our products and had an adverse impact on overall
paper machine clothing demand. 

 The Company s manufacturing
and product platforms position us well to meet these shifting demands across product grades and geographic regions. Our strategy
for meeting these challenges continues to be to grow share in all markets, with new products and technology, and to maintain our
manufacturing footprint to align with global demand, while we offset the effects of inflation through continuous productivity improvement. 

 We have incurred significant restructuring
charges in recent periods as we reduced MC manufacturing capacity in the United States, Germany, France, Canada, and Sweden. 

 Review of Operations 

Net Sales 

 Three month comparison 

Changes in currency translation rates had the effect of increasing 2016
sales by $0.2 million.    

          Compared
to the third quarter of 2015, MC sales decreased in virtually every region and paper grade.   

Nine month comparison 

Changes in currency translation rates had the effect of decreasing 2016
sales by $1.9 million.    

Excluding the effect of changes in currency translation rates, MC sales
declined 5.2% in the first nine months of 2016, principally due to the continuing effect of the significant drop in publication
grade sales.    

  Gross Profit   

 Three month comparison 

Nine month comparison 

The reduction in MC sales described above resulted in a decrease in gross
profit of $12.3 million. MC gross profit margin improved to 47.7% in 2016 from 47.0% in 2015, principally
due to better capacity utilization.    

  Operating Income  

 Three month comparison 

 The decrease in operating income was
principally due to the net effect of the following individually significant items: 

Gross profit decreased $6.6 million as described above.     

Revaluation of nonfunctional currency assets and liabilities resulted
in third quarter losses of $0.1 million in 2016 and gains of $2.0 million in 2015.    

  Nine month comparison  

Gross profit decreased $9.5 million principally due to lower sales, as
described above.    

Revaluation of nonfunctional currency assets and liabilities resulted
in losses of $1.6 million for the first nine months of 2016 and gains of $4.5 million in 2015.    

Albany Engineered Composites Segment 

 Business Environment and Trends 

  The
Albany Engineered Composites (AEC) segment, including Albany Safran Composites, LLC (ASC), in which our customer SAFRAN Group owns
a 10 percent noncontrolling interest, provides highly engineered advanced composite structures based on proprietary technology
to customers primarily in the aerospace and defense industries. AEC s largest program relates to CFM International s
LEAP engine, which is scheduled to enter into service in 2016. AEC, through ASC, is the exclusive supplier of advanced composite
fan blades and cases for this program under a long-term supply contract.   

 On April 8, 2016, the Company acquired
the outstanding shares of Harris Corporation s composite aerostructures business for cash of $187 million, plus the assumption
of certain liabilities. The acquired entity has been renamed Albany Aerostructures Composites LLC ( AAC ), and is part
of Albany Engineered Composites ( AEC ) segment. 

 Review of Operations 

                Net
Sales  

Three month comparison  

AEC sales increased $23.8 million, $20.4 million of which was due to
the acquired business, the remainder of the increase was principally due to growth in the LEAP program.    

  Nine month comparison  

AEC sales increased $46.0 million due to the acquisition of AAC.     

The remainder of the sales increase was principally due to growth in
the LEAP program.    

  Gross Profit  

  Three month comparison  

The improvement in AEC gross profit to $4.6 million in the third quarter
of 2016, compared to $1.4 million in the third quarter of 2015, was principally due to higher sales as described above.    

  Nine month comparison  

The increase in AEC gross profit was principally due to a $14.0 million
charge for a revision in the contract profitability of its BR 725 program in the second quarter of 2015.     

The remainder of the increase was due to higher sales, including the
effect of the AAC acquisition.    

Long-term contracts  

 AEC has contracts with certain customers,
including its contract for the LEAP program, where revenue is determined by cost, plus a defined profit margin. Revenue earned
under these arrangements accounted for approximately 41 percent and 53 percent of AEC revenue for the first nine months of 2016
and 2015, respectively. 

 In addition, AEC has long-term contracts
in which the total contract price is fixed. In accounting for those contracts, we estimate the profit margin expected at the completion
of the contract and recognize a pro-rata share of that profit during the course of the contract using a cost-to-cost or units of
delivery approach. Changes in estimated contract profitability will affect revenue and gross profit when the change occurs, which
could have a significant favorable or unfavorable effect on revenue and gross profit in any reporting period. As noted above, we
recorded a charge of $14.0 million in the second quarter of 2015 for revisions to estimated costs of our BR 725 contract. Excluding
that charge, changes in contract estimates decreased gross profit $1.2 million in the first nine months of 2016, and by $0.3 million
in the same period of 2015. 

   In
February 2016, our customer on a long-term contract for the manufacture of composite components for the Rolls-Royce BR 725 engine
notified us that they disagreed with our calculation of pricing for the parts to be sold in 2016, which could, potentially, have
an adverse effect on the profitability of this contract in the future. While the Company believes that its position is supported
by the prior course of dealing between the parties, if the customer s position were to prevail it could have a material effect
on operating results in future periods. 

  Operating Loss  

  Three month comparison  

Higher sales led to a $3.1 million increase in gross profit, as described
above.    

2016 STG R expenses included $3.2 million related to the acquisition
of AAC.    

Nine month comparison  

Liquidity and Capital Resources  

  Cash Flow Summary   

Operating
activities  

 Cash provided by operating activities
was $51.8 million for the first nine months of 2016, compared to $59.2 million in the same period of 2015. The decrease in 2016
reflects higher levels of Accounts receivable, Inventories, and Other assets, principally in the AEC segment. Cash paid for income
taxes was $18.2 million and $15.5 million for the first nine months of 2016 and 2015, respectively. 

  At
September 30, 2016, we had $196.2 million of cash and cash equivalents, of which $160.2 million was held by subsidiaries outside
of the United States. As disclosed in Note 7 contained in Item 1,  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements , we
determined that all but $59.0 million of this amount (which represents the amount of prior year earnings to be repatriated to the
United States at some point in the future) is intended to be utilized by these non-U.S. operations for an indefinite period of
time. Our current plans do not anticipate that we will need additional funds generated from foreign operations to fund our domestic
operations or satisfy debt obligations in the United States. In the event that such funds were to be needed to fund operations
in the U.S., and if associated accruals for U.S. tax have not already been provided, we would be required to accrue and pay additional
U.S. taxes to repatriate these funds.  

  Investing Activities  

 Total capital expenditures for the
nine months of 2016 were $53.8 million, including amounts that were included in Accounts payable. In the Consolidated Statements
of Cash Flows, capital expenditures and accounts payable were each adjusted by $2.5 million to reflect the non-cash nature of that
amount. The Company estimates full-year capital expenditure spending of $75 million to $80 million, including capital expenditures
for the acquired business. 

Financing Activities  

 Dividends have been declared each
quarter since the fourth quarter of 2001. Decisions with respect to whether a dividend will be paid, and the amount of the dividend,
are made by the Board of Directors each quarter. To the extent the Board declares cash dividends in the future, we expect to pay
such dividends out of operating cash flows. Future cash dividends will also depend on debt covenants and on the Board s assessment
of our ability to generate sufficient cash flows. 

  Capital Resources  

 We finance our business activities
primarily with cash generated from operations and borrowings, largely through our revolving credit agreement as discussed below.
Our subsidiaries outside of the United States may also maintain working capital lines with local banks, but borrowings under such
local facilities tend not to be significant. Substantially all of our cash balance at September 30, 2016 was held by non-U.S. subsidiaries.
Based on cash on hand and credit facilities, we anticipate that the Company has sufficient capital resources to operate for the
foreseeable future. We were in compliance with all debt covenants as of September 30, 2016. 

 On April 8, 2016, we entered into
a $550 million unsecured Five-Year Revolving Credit Facility Agreement (the  Credit Agreement ) which amends and restates
the Prior $400 million Agreement, entered into on June 18, 2015 (the  Prior Agreement ). Under the Credit Agreement,
$425 million of borrowings were outstanding as of September 30, 2016. The applicable interest rate for borrowings was LIBOR plus
a spread, based on our leverage ratio at the time of borrowing. At the time of the last borrowing on September 16, 2016, the spread
was 1.500%. The spread was based on a pricing grid, which ranged from 1.250% to 1.750%, based on our leverage ratio. Based on our
maximum leverage ratio and our Consolidated EBITDA, and without modification to any other credit agreements, as of September 30,
2016, we would have been able to borrow an additional $125 million under the Agreement. 

 On May 6, 2016, we terminated our
interest rate swap agreements that had effectively fixed the interest rate on up to $120 million of revolving credit borrowings,
in order to enter into a new interest rate swap with a greater notional amount, and the same maturity as the Credit Agreement.
We paid $5.2 million to terminate the swap agreements and that cost will be amortized into interest expense through June 2020. 

 On May 9, 2016, we entered into
interest rate hedges for the period May 16, 2016 through March 16, 2021. These transactions have the effect of fixing the LIBOR
portion of the effective interest rate (before addition of the spread) on $300 million of indebtedness drawn under the Credit Agreement
at the rate of 1.245% during the period. Under the terms of these transactions, we pay the fixed rate of 1.245% and the counterparties
pay a floating rate based on the one-month LIBOR rate at each monthly calculation date, which on September 16, 2016 was 0.530%.
The net effect is to fix the effective interest rate on $300 million of indebtedness at 1.245%, plus the applicable spread, during
the swap period. On September 16, 2016, the all-in-rate on the $300 million of debt was 2.745%. 

 As of September 30, 2016, our leverage
ratio, including the pro-forma effect of the acquisition, was 2.38 to 1.00 and our interest coverage ratio was 12.93 to 1.00. We
may purchase our Common Stock or pay dividends to the extent our leverage ratio remains at or below 3.50 to 1.00, and may make
acquisitions with cash provided our leverage ratio would not exceed 3.50 to 1.00 after giving pro forma effect to the acquisition. 

 For more information, see Note 14
to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 1, which is incorporated herein by reference. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements  

 As of September 30, 2016, we have
no off-balance sheet arrangements required to be disclosed pursuant to Item 303(a)(4) of Regulation S-K. 

  Recent Accounting Pronouncements

The information set forth under
Note 18 contained in Item 1,  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements , which is incorporated herein by reference. 

  Non-GAAP Measures  

 This Form 10-Q contains certain
non-GAAP metrics, including: percent change in net sales excluding currency rate effects (for each segment and the Company as a
whole); EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA (for each segment and the Company as a whole); net debt; and net income per share attributable
to the Company, excluding adjustments. Such items are provided because management believes that, when reconciled from the GAAP
items to which they relate, they provide additional useful information to investors regarding the Company s operational performance. 

 Presenting increases or decreases
in sales, after currency effects are excluded, can give management and investors insight into underlying sales trends. EBITDA,
or net income with interest, taxes, depreciation, and amortization added back, is a common indicator of financial performance used,
among other things, to analyze and compare core profitability between companies and industries because it eliminates effects due
to differences in financing, asset bases and taxes. An understanding of the impact in a particular quarter of specific restructuring
costs, acquisition expenses, currency revaluation, or other gains and losses, on net income (absolute as well as on a per-share
basis), operating income or EBITDA can give management and investors additional insight into core financial performance, especially
when compared to quarters in which such items had a greater or lesser effect, or no effect. Restructuring expenses in the MC segment,
while frequent in recent years, are reflective of significant reductions in manufacturing capacity and associated headcount in
response to shifting markets, and not of the profitability of the business going forward as restructured. Net debt is, in the opinion
of the Company, helpful to investors wishing to understand what the Company s debt position would be if all available cash
were applied to pay down indebtedness. EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA and net income per share, excluding adjustments, are performance
measures that relate to the Company s continuing operations. 

 Percent changes in net sales, excluding
currency rate effects, is calculated by converting amounts reported in local currencies into U.S. dollars at the exchange rate
of a prior period. That amount is then compared to the U.S. dollar amount reported in the current period. The Company calculates
EBITDA by removing the following from Net income: Interest expense net, Income tax expense, and Depreciation and amortization.
Adjusted EBITDA is calculated by: adding to EBITDA costs associated with restructuring and pension settlement charges; adding (or
subtracting) revaluation losses (or gains); subtracting (or adding) gains (or losses) from the sale of buildings or investments;
subtracting insurance recovery gains; subtracting (or adding) Income (or loss) attributable to the non-controlling interest in
Albany Safran Composites (ASC); and adding expenses related to the Company s acquisition of Harris Corporation s composite
aerostructures division. Net income per share, excluding adjustments, is calculated by adding to (or subtracting from) net income
attributable to the Company per share, on an after-tax basis: restructuring charges; discrete tax charges (or gains) and the effect
of changes in the income tax rate; foreign currency revaluation losses (or gains); acquisition expenses; and losses (or gains)
from the sale of investments. 

EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA, and net
income per share, excluding adjustments, as defined by the Company, may not be similar to EBITDA measures of other companies. Such
measures are not considered measurements under GAAP, and should be considered in addition to, but not as substitutes for, the information
contained in the Company s statements of income. 

 The following tables show the calculation
of EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA: 

The
Company discloses certain income and expense items on a per-share basis. The Company believes that such disclosures provide important
insight into underlying quarterly earnings and are financial performance metrics commonly used by investors. The Company calculates
the quarterly per-share amount for items included in continuing operations by using the income tax rate based on income from continuing
operations and the weighted-average number of shares outstanding for each period. Year-to-date earnings per-share effects are determined
by adding the amounts calculated at each reporting period. 

 The following tables show the earnings
per share effect of certain income and expense items: 

The
following table contains the calculation of net income per share attributable to the Company, excluding adjustments: 

The following table contains
the calculation of net debt: 

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative
Disclosures about Market Risk  

 For discussion of our exposure to
market risk, refer to  Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk , which is included as an exhibit
to this Form 10-Q.   

    Item
4. Controls and Procedures  

a)  Disclosure controls and procedures.   

 The principal executive officers
and principal financial officer, based on their evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules
13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) as of the end of the period covered by this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, have concluded that the Company s
disclosure controls and procedures are effective for ensuring that information required to be disclosed in the reports that it
files or submits under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods
specified in the Commission s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and
procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in filed or submitted reports is accumulated and communicated
to the Company s management, including its principal executive officer and principal financial officer as appropriate, to
allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. The scope of the Company s assessment of the effectiveness of its disclosure
controls and procedures does not include any disclosure controls and procedures of Albany Aerostructures Composites LLC (AAC) which
was acquired in April 2016. This exclusion is in accordance with the SEC's general guidance that a recently acquired business may
be omitted from the scope of the assessment in the year of acquisition. 

(b)    Changes in internal control over financial
reporting.     

 There were
no changes in the Company s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the last fiscal quarter that have
materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting.
The Company is currently evaluating AAC s processes, information technology systems, and other components of internal controls
over financial reporting as a part of the Company's integration activities, which may result in control changes. Such changes will
be disclosed as required by applicable SEC guidance. 

PART II  
OTHER INFORMATION    

    Item 1. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS  

 The information set forth above
under Note 16 in Item 1,  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements  is incorporated herein by reference. 

    Item 1A. Risk Factors  

 For discussion of risk factors,
refer to Item 1A of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015.  
As a result of the Company s business acquisition in the second quarter of 2016, we have modified one of the risk factors
in that filing, as noted below: 

   AEC is subject to significant
short- and medium-term risks related to execution in the LEAP program, and integration of the composite aerostructures business
acquired from Harris Corporation   

  The
expected size and steep growth rate of the market for LEAP engines continues to put significant pressure on AEC to execute in the
short- and medium-term. In the short term, AEC must continue to fulfill critical program schedule and production-readiness milestones
at its LEAP facilities in Rochester, New Hampshire and Commercy, France, as well as at the third LEAP facility in Queretaro, Mexico,
which recently broke ground and is targeted to come on line in 2017. In the medium-term, AEC will be required to continue to ramp
up all three LEAP plants to full production. AEC s ability to realize the full growth potential of the LEAP program will
depend on how effectively it accomplishes these goals.  The Company s recent acquisition of the composite aerostructures
business of Harris Corporation also poses a number of risks.  Such risks include, but are not limited to, those associated
with the assimilation and integration of operations, business systems and business methods, and the diversion of management attention
from other business concerns.  Failure by AEC to accomplish these LEAP execution goals, or to successfully manage these integration
risks, could have a material adverse impact on the amount and timing of anticipated AEC sales and profitability, which could in
turn have a material adverse impact on our consolidated financial results.   

      Item
2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds  

 We made no share purchases during
the third quarter of 2016. We remain authorized by the Board of Directors to purchase up to 2 million shares of our Class A Common
Stock.   

        Item
3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities  

 None.   

      Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures  

 Not Applicable  . 

      Item 5. Other Information  

 None.   

Item 6. Exhibits  

(ii)    Consolidated
Statements of Comprehensive Income/(Loss) for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015.  

(v)    Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements.  

As
provided in Rule 406T of Regulation S-T, this information shall not be deemed  filed  for purposes of Sections 11
and 12 of the Securities Act and Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act or otherwise subject to liability under those
sections. 

SIGNATURES  

 Pursuant to the requirements
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned
thereunto duly authorized. 

ALBANY INTERNATIONAL CORP.     

(Registrant)   
 
 Date: November 1, 2016 

By  
       /s/
    John B. Cozzolino    

John B. Cozzolino   

Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer   

(Principal Financial Officer)   

<EX-31.1>
 2
 e71784ex31-1.htm
 CERTIFICATION

EXHIBIT (31.1)  

  CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO  

  RULE 13A-14
OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934,  

  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT
TO  

  SECTION 302
OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  

 I, Joseph G. Morone, certify that: 

1.    I have reviewed this report on Form 10-Q of Albany International Corp.;

2.    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement
of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under
which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;    

3.    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial
information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and
cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;    

4.    The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for
establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a 15(e) and 15d 15(e))
and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a 15(f) and 15d 15(f)) for the registrant
and have:    

(a)  Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our
supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known
to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;   

(b)  Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed
under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of
financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;   

(c)  Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on
such evaluation; and   

(d)  Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the
registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially
affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and   

5.    The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based
on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee
of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):    

(a)  All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting
which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and   

(b)  Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's
internal control over financial reporting.   

 Date: November 1, 2016 

By  
       /s/ Joseph G. Morone     

Joseph G. Morone    

President and Chief Executive Officer  
(Principal Executive Officer)    

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 e71784ex31-2.htm
 CERTIFICATION

EXHIBIT (31.2)  

  CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO  

  RULE 13A-14
OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934,  

  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT
TO  

  SECTION 302
OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  

 I, John B. Cozzolino, certify that: 

1.    I have reviewed this report on Form 10-Q of Albany International Corp.;

2.    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement
of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under
which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;    

3.    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial
information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and
cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;    

4.    The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for
establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a 15(e) and 15d 15(e))
and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a 15(f) and 15d 15(f)) for the registrant
and have:    

(a)  Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our
supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known
to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;   

(b)  Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed
under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of
financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;   

(c)  Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on
such evaluation; and   

(d)  Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the
registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially
affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and   

5.    The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based
on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee
of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):    

(a)  All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the
design or operation of internal  control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's
ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b)  Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's
internal control over financial reporting.   

Date: November 1, 2016 

By  
       /s/ John B. Cozzolino     

John B. Cozzolino    

Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer (Principal Financial Officer)    

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 e71784ex32-1.htm
 CERTIFICATION

EXHIBIT (32.1)  

  CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO  

  18 U.S.C. SECTION
1350,  

  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT
TO 
SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  

 In connection with the Quarterly
Report of Albany International Corp. (the Company) on Form 10-Q for the period ending September 30, 2016, as filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report), Joseph G. Morone, President and Chief Executive Officer, and John B. Cozzolino,
Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.   1350, as adopted pursuant to  
906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1)    The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d)
of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934; and    

(2)    The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material
respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.    

  Dated: November 1, 2016 

  /s/ Joseph G. Morone   

 Joseph G. Morone 

 President and Chief Executive Officer 

 (Principal Executive Officer) 

/s/ John B. Cozzolino   

 John B. Cozzolino 

 Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer 

 (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-99.1>
 5
 e71784ex99-1.htm
 QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES

EXHIBIT (99.1)  

  MARKET RISK
SENSITIVITY   AS OF September 30, 2016  

 We have market risk with respect
to foreign currency exchange rates and interest rates. The market risk is the potential loss arising from adverse changes in these
rates as discussed below. 

  Foreign Currency Exchange Rate
Risk  

 We have manufacturing plants and
sales transactions worldwide and therefore are subject to foreign currency risk. This risk is composed of both potential losses
from the translation of foreign currency financial statements and the remeasurement of foreign currency transactions. To manage
this risk, we periodically enter into forward exchange contracts either to hedge the net assets of a foreign investment or to provide
an economic hedge against future cash flows. The total net assets of non-U.S. operations and long-term intercompany loans denominated
in nonfunctional currencies subject to potential loss amount to approximately $426.3 million. The potential loss in fair value
resulting from a hypothetical 10% adverse change in quoted foreign currency exchange rates amounts to $42.6 million. Furthermore,
related to foreign currency transactions, we have exposure to various nonfunctional currency balances totaling $140.7 million.
This amount includes, on an absolute basis, exposures to assets and liabilities held in currencies other than our local entity s
functional currency. On a net basis, we had $116.7 million of foreign currency liabilities as of September 30, 2016. As currency
rates change, these nonfunctional currency balances are revalued, and the corresponding adjustment is recorded in the income statement.
A hypothetical change of 10% in currency rates could result in an adjustment to the income statement of approximately $11.7 million.
Actual results may differ. 

  Interest Rate Risk  

 We are exposed to interest rate
fluctuations with respect to our variable rate debt, depending on general economic conditions. 

 On September 30, 2016, we had the
following variable rate debt: 

Assuming borrowings were outstanding
for an entire year, an increase of one percentage point in weighted average interest rates would increase interest expense by $1.3
million. To manage interest rate risk, we may periodically enter into interest rate swap agreements to effectively fix the interest
rates on variable debt to a specific rate for a period of time. 

</EX-99.1>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 ain-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE FILE

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 ain-20160930.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 ain-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 ain-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 ain-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 ain-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

