<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161212_10-Q_edgar_data_1606364_0001062993-16-012662_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>1448534</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>52488</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>107267</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>179593</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>712574</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>359069</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>9</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>8</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001062993-16-012662.hdr.sgml : 20161212
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161212160346
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001062993-16-012662
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		33
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20161031
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161212
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161212

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			GARMATEX HOLDINGS LTD.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001606364
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	METAL MINING [1000]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0430

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	333-196921
		FILM NUMBER:		162046340

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		7458 ALLISON PLACE
		CITY:			VANCOUVER
		STATE:			A1
		ZIP:			V4Z 1J7
		BUSINESS PHONE:		778-823-3104

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		7458 ALLISON PLACE
		CITY:			VANCOUVER
		STATE:			A1
		ZIP:			V4Z 1J7

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Oaxaca Resources Corp
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20140423

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001062993-16-012662.txt : 20161212

10-Q
 1
 form10q.htm
 FORM 10-Q

Garmatex Technologies, Inc. - Form 10-Q - Filed by newsfilecorp.com 

UNITED STATES      SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION    Washington, D.C. 20549
 
   FORM 10-Q    
 [X] Quarterly Report pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934  
 For the quarterly period ended   October 31, 2016
   
 [   ] Transition Report pursuant to 13 or 15(d) of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934  
 For the transition period from __________ to __________ 
 Commission File Number:   333-196921   
    GARMATEX HOLDINGS LTD.
    (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)  

Nevada    
     36-4752858    

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation  
     (I.R.S. Employer Identification
      No.)  

or organization)  

7458 Allison Place    

Chilliwack, British Columbia, Canada    
     V4Z 1Z7    

(Address of principal executive offices)  
   (Zip Code)  
    
   (778) 823-3104    Registrant s telephone number,
including area code  
   n/a    (Former name, former address and former
fiscal year, if changed since last report)  
 Indicated by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed
all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period
that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject
to such filing requirements for the past 90 days   Yes
[X]        No [   ]   
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large
accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller
reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer, 
 accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the
Exchange Act. 
  Large accelerated filer [  ]        Accelerated filer
  [   ]        Non-accelerated
  filer [   ]        Smaller
  reporting company [X]   
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell
company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).   Yes
[X]        No [   ]   

Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the
registrant s classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date: As of
December 12, 2016, there were 35,392,641 shares of common stock outstanding. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted
electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive
Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation
S-T (  229.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such
shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such
files).   Yes [   ]        No
[X]   

TABLE OF CONTENTS    

Page   
   
       PART I -
      FINANCIAL INFORMATION      

Item 1.   
      Financial Statements   
      3    
   
      Item 2.   
      Management s
      Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
        
      4    
   
      Item 3.   
      Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk
        
      6    
   
      Item 4.   
      Controls and
      Procedures   
      6    

PART II - OTHER
      INFORMATION      

Item 1.   
      Legal
      Proceedings   
      7    
   
      Item 1A:   
      Risk Factors   
      7    
   
      Item 2.   
      Unregistered
      Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds   
      7    
   
      Item 3.   
      Defaults upon Senior Securities   
      7    
   
      Item 4.   
      Mine Safety
      Disclosures   
      7    
   
      Item 5.   
      Other Information   
      7    
   
      Item 6.   
      Exhibits
      
      7    

SIGNATURES   
       
      8

PART I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION   
  Item 1. Financial Statements   
 Our consolidated financial statements included in this Form
10-Q are as follows:  
 
 These unaudited consolidated financial statements have been
prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the
United States of America for interim financial information and the SEC
instructions to Form 10-Q. In the opinion of management, all adjustments
considered necessary for a fair presentation have been included. Operating
results for the interim period ended October 31, 2016 are not necessarily
indicative of the results that can be expected for the full year.  

GARMATEX HOLDINGS LTD.  
     (formerly known as Oaxaca
      Resources Corp.)   

UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
 Three and Six Months Ended October 31, 2016 and 2015  

GARMATEX HOLDINGS LTD.   
     (formerly known as Oaxaca
      Resources Corp.)  
  CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS  
  (Unaudited)  

SEE ACCOMPANYING NOTES THAT ARE AN INTEGRAL PART OF THESE  
  CONSOLIDATED UNAUDITED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

GARMATEX HOLDINGS LTD.   
     (formerly known as Oaxaca
      Resources Corp.)   
  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
  (Unaudited)  

SEE ACCOMPANYING NOTES THAT ARE AN INTEGRAL PART OF THESE  
  CONSOLIDATED UNAUDITED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

GARMATEX     HOLDINGS   LTD.  
     (formerly   known as   Oaxaca     Resources   Corp.)   
  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF STOCKHOLDERS 
  EQUITY (DEFICIT)  
  For the six months ended October 31, 2016  
  (Unaudited)  

SEE ACCOMPANYING NOTES THAT ARE AN INTEGRAL PART OF THESE  
  CONSOLIDATED UNAUDITED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

GARMATEX HOLDINGS LTD.  
     (formerly known as Oaxaca
      Resources Corp.)   
  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS  
  (Unaudited)  

SEE ACCOMPANYING NOTES THAT ARE AN INTEGRAL PART OF THESE  
  CONSOLIDATED UNAUDITED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

GARMATEX HOLDINGS LTD.  
     (formerly known as Oaxaca
      Resources Corp.)   
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
  October 31, 2016  
  (Unaudited)  

Note 1  
      Basis of Presentation   

While the information presented in the accompanying
      interim consolidated financial statements for the three and six months
      ended October 31, 2016 and 2015 is unaudited, it includes all adjustments
      which are, in the opinion of management, necessary to present fairly
      the financial position, results of operations and cash
      flows for the interim period presented in accordance with the accounting
      principles generally accepted in the United States of America. In the
      opinion of management, all adjustments considered necessary for a fair
      presentation of the results of operations and financial position have been
      included and all such adjustments are of a normal recurring nature. The
      accompanying unaudited consolidated financial statements should be read in
      conjunction with the Company s audited consolidated financial statements
      (and notes thereto) for the years ended April 30, 2016 and 2015 included
      elsewhere in the Company s 10K filed with the SEC on August 8, 2016. .   

Operating results for the three and six months ended
      October 31, 2016 are not necessarily indicative of the results that can be
      expected for the year ending April 30, 2017.   

Note 2  
       Nature of Operations and Ability to Continue as a
      Going Concern    

On August 15, 2016, the Company changed its corporate
      name from Oaxaca Resources Inc. to Garmatex Holdings Ltd. Oaxaca Resources
      Corp. (the  Company ) was incorporated in the State of Nevada, United
      States of America on April 9, 2014. The Company was formed for the purpose
      of acquiring and developing mineral properties. The Company s year-end is
      April 30.   

These interim unaudited consolidated financial statements
      have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting
      principles applicable to a going concern, which assumes that the Company
      will be able to meet its obligations and continue its operations for its
      next fiscal year. Realization values may be substantially different from
      carrying values as shown and these interim unaudited consolidated
      financial statements do not give effect to adjustments that would be
      necessary to the carrying values and classification of assets and
      liabilities should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern.
      The Company has yet to achieve profitable operations, has an accumulated
      deficit of $175,871 and expects to incur further losses in the development
      of its business, all of which raises substantial doubt about the Company s
      ability to continue as a going concern. The Company s ability to continue
      as a going concern is dependent upon its ability to generate future
      profitable operations and/or to obtain the necessary financing from
      shareholders or other sources to meet its obligations and repay its
      liabilities arising from normal business operations when they come due.
      Management has no formal plan in place to address this concern but
      considers that the Company will be able to obtain additional funds by
      equity financing and/or related party advances, however there is no
      assurance of additional funding being available or on acceptable terms, if
      at all. The interim unaudited consolidated financial statements do not
      include any adjustments relating to the recoverability and classification
      of recorded assets, or the amounts of and classification of liabilities
      that might be necessary in the event the Company cannot continue in
      existence.   

GARMATEX HOLDINGS LTD.   
     Notes to the Unaudited
      Consolidated Financial Statements   
   October 31, 2016   
   Page 2   

On April 8, 2016, the Company entered into a definitive
      Arrangement Agreement with Garmatex Technologies, Inc., a private company
      incorporated under the laws of the Province of British Columbia, Canada
      ("Garmatex"), pursuant to which the Company has agreed to acquire all of
      the issued and outstanding securities of Garmatex in exchange for
      equivalent securities of the Company by way of a statutory arrangement
      (the  Arrangement ) pursuant to the  Business Corporations Act  (British Columbia). The purpose of the Arrangement is for the Company,
      through the acquisition of Garmatex, to engage in Garmatex s business of
      developing and supplying scientifically-engineered fabric technologies. As
      of the quarter ending October 31, 2016, this agreement is still in
      progress and has not yet been satisfied.   

Effective August 15, 2016, the Company effected a forward
      stock split (the  Company Forward Stock Split ) on the basis of 12.5:1. As
      such, the Company s authorized capital was increased from 90,000,000
      shares of common stock, par value $0.001 to 1,125,000,000 shares of common
      stock, par value $0.001 and all shares of common stock issued and
      outstanding were increased on the basis of twelve and one half new shares
      for each one old shares. These interim unaudited consolidated financial
      statements give retroactive effect to such forward split and all share and
      per share amounts have been adjusted accordingly.   

Note 3  
       Related Party Transactions    

Management considers all directors, officers and persons
      with a significant influence over the operations of the Company to be
      related parties.   

During the year ended April 30, 2015, the Company s
      former President loaned $5,000 to the Company and the Company issued a
      promissory note in the amount of $5,000. The promissory note is unsecured,
      bears interest at 6% per annum, and matures on December 31, 2018. As of
      the year ended April 30, 2016, this note payable and a $22,000 note
      payable from fiscal 2014 were no longer classified as related party and
      reclassified to third party note payable.   

During the year ended April 30, 2016, a company with a
      former common director loaned a total of $7,600 to the Company in exchange
      for the issuance by the Company of promissory notes in the aggregate
      amount of $7,600. The promissory notes are unsecured, bear interest at 6%
      per annum, and mature on December 31, 2018. This loan was assigned to the
      former President during April 30, 2016 and is a part of the $40,700 note
      payable due as of April 30, 2016, see note 4.   

On April 22, 2016, the Company received a promissory note
      in the amount of CDN$100,000 (US$79,776) from Garmatex Technologies,
      pursuant to the secured and subordinated loan agreement dated April 8,
      2016. The notes were bearing interest at 5% per annum and payable
      semi-annually prior to maturity. Repayment of the notes, together with all
      outstanding interest accrued, will be due and payable on the earlier of;
      (a) nine months from the advancement date, (b) the closing of the
      Arrangement Transactions, and (c) 90 calendar days from the termination of
      the LOI or any formal Arrangement Transaction agreement which supersedes
      the LOI. The lender at all times has right to convert any portion of the
      principal and interest outstanding into securities of the Borrower.   

During the six months ended October 31, 2016, the Company
      received promissory notes in the aggregate amount of CDN$589,859
      (US$409,662) from Garmatex Technologies, pursuant to the secured and
      subordinated loan agreement dated April 8, 2016. The notes were bearing
      interest at 5% per annum and payable semi-annually prior
      to maturity. Repayment of the notes, together with all outstanding
      interest accrued, will be due and payable on the earlier of; (a) nine
      months from the advancement date, (b) the closing of the Arrangement
      Transactions, and (c) 90 calendar days from the termination of the LOI or
      any formal Arrangement Transaction agreement which supersedes the LOI. The
      lender at all times has right to convert any portion of the principal and
      interest outstanding into securities of the Borrower.   

GARMATEX HOLDINGS LTD.   
     Notes to the Unaudited
      Consolidated Financial Statements   
   October 31, 2016   
   Page 3   

GARMATEX HOLDINGS LTD.   
     Notes to the Unaudited
      Consolidated Financial Statements   
   October 31, 2016   
   Page 4   

During the six months ended October
  31, 2016, the Company issued an aggregate of 946,321 warrants, along with the
  1,892,641 common stock issued for cash, exercisable at a weighted average
  exercise price of $0.60 per share for a period of two years from the date of
  issuance, pursuant to subscription agreements. Each warrant entitles the holder
  the right to purchase one common share.  

GARMATEX HOLDINGS LTD.   
     Notes to the Unaudited
      Consolidated Financial Statements   
   October 31, 2016   
   Page 5   

Note 6  
      Subsequent Events   

On November 22, 2016, the Company completed a private
      placement agreement pursuant to which it issued 2,000,000 Units at a price
      of $0.05 per Unit for consideration of $100,000. Each Unit consisted of
      one Share and one-half of one non-transferable common stock purchase
      warrant, with each warrant entitling the holder to acquire one additional
      Share a price of $0.60 per share for a period of two years from closing,
      that is, until November 22, 2018.   

On November 24, 2016, the Company received a promissory
      note in the amount of CDN$128,720.66 (US$95,852.75) from Garmatex
      Technologies, pursuant to the secured and subordinated loan agreement
      dated April 8, 2016. The notes were bearing interest at 5% per annum and
      payable semi-annually prior to maturity. Repayment of the notes, together
      with all outstanding interest accrued, will be due and payable on the
      earlier of; (a) nine months from the advancement date, (b) the closing of
      the Arrangement Transactions, and (c) 90 calendar days from the
      termination of the LOI or any formal Arrangement Transaction agreement
      which supersedes the LOI. The lender at all times has right to convert any
      portion of the principal and interest outstanding into securities of the
      Borrower.   

Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations   
  Forward-Looking Statements   
 Certain statements, other than purely historical information,
including estimates, projections, statements relating to our business plans,
objectives, and expected operating results, and the assumptions upon which those
statements are based, are  forward-looking statements.  These forward-looking
statements generally are identified by the words  believes,   project, 
 expects,   anticipates,   estimates,   intends,   strategy,   plan,   may, 
 will,   would,   will be,   will continue,   will likely result,  and similar
expressions. Forward-looking statements are based on current expectations and
assumptions that are subject to risks and uncertainties which may cause actual
results to differ materially from the forward-looking statements. Our ability to
predict results or the actual effect of future plans or strategies is inherently
uncertain. Factors which could have a material adverse effect on our operations
and future prospects on a consolidated basis include, but are not limited to:
changes in economic conditions, legislative/regulatory changes, availability of
capital, interest rates, competition, and generally accepted accounting
principles. These risks and uncertainties should also be considered in
evaluating forward-looking statements and undue reliance should not be placed on
such statements.  
  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition
and Results of Operations   
 We were incorporated under the laws of the State of Nevada on
April 9, 2014. Our fiscal year end is April 30. Our principal offices are
currently located at 7458 Allison Place, Chilliwack, British Columbia, Canada.
Our telephone number is: (778) 823-3104.  
 Following incorporation, we commenced the business of a mineral
exploration company. On May 8, 2014, we incorporated our wholly-owned
subsidiary, ORC Exploration LLC, for the purposes of mineral exploration. On May
20, 2014, we acquired an option to acquire a 100% legal and beneficial ownership
interest in the Elizabeth mineral claim, located in the Omineca Mining District
in the central part of the Province of British Columbia. Our initial mining
exploration program, which was scheduled to commence in the second quarter of
the fiscal year ending April 30, 2015, was delayed until the fourth quarter due
to forest fire concerns. 
 Due to a dearth of available financing options, which has
affected many junior mining companies in recent years, we subsequently ran out
of funds to proceed with our planned exploration program. As a result, our
management decided to seek out other potential business operations and
management skills for the continuation of our business. In connection therewith,
effective June 8, 2015, our chief executive officer (  CEO  ) and sole
director, Jose Montes, resigned all positions as an officer and director of the
Company, and we appointed Mike Gilliland to serve as our sole officer and
director. Effective March 14, 2016, Mr. Gilliland resigned all positions as an
officer and director of our company, and we appointed Devon Loosdrecht to serve
as our sole officer and director.  
 We are currently seeking new business opportunities with
established business entities to affect a merger or other form of business
combination with our company. On April 8, 2016, we entered into an arrangement
agreement (the   Arrangement Agreement  ) with Garmatex Technologies, Inc.
(  Garmatex  ), a private company incorporated under the laws of the
Province of British Columbia, pursuant to which we have agreed to acquire all of
the outstanding securities of Garmatex in exchange for the issuance of
equivalent securities of our company by way of a statutory arrangement (the
  Arrangement  ) under the  Business Corporations Act  (British
Columbia). In the event that the Arrangement is successfully completed, we will
commence operating Garmatex s business, which is the development and supply of
scientifically engineered fabric technologies. As of the date of this report,
this agreement has not closed as subjects to this agreement have not yet been
met.  
 Completion of the Arrangement is subject to a number of
conditions as in the Arrangement Agreement. There can be no assurance that the
Arrangement will be completed as proposed or at all. In the event that the
Arrangement is not successfully completed, we expect that we will continue to
seek out new business opportunities. We anticipate that any new acquisition or
business opportunity that we may be party to will require additional financing.
There can be no assurance, however, that we will be able to acquire the
financing necessary to enable us to pursue our plan of operation and enter into
such an agreement. If we require additional financing and we are unable to
obtain such funds, our business will fail.  

Even if we are able to complete the Arrangement or commence a different new business opportunity and obtain the necessary funding, there is no assurance that we will be able to generate any revenue, or that any revenue that may be generated will be
sufficient to provide a return to our investors.  
 
In implementing a structure for a particular business acquisition or opportunity, we may become a party to a merger, consolidation, reorganization, joint venture or other business combination with another corporation or entity. We may also acquire
stock or assets of an existing business. Upon the consummation of a transaction, it is likely that our present management will no longer be in control of our company. In addition, it is likely that some or all of our current management will resign
and be replaced by one or more new officers or directors.  
 
We anticipate that the selection of a business opportunity in which to participate will be complex and without certainty of success. We believe that there are numerous firms in various industries seeking the perceived benefits of being a publicly
reporting corporation. Business opportunities may be available in many different industries and with businesses at various stages of development, all of which will make the task of comparative investigation and analysis of such business
opportunities extremely difficult and complex. Business opportunities that we believe are in the best interests of our company to pursue may be scarce or we may be unable to obtain opportunities that we want. We can provide no assurance that we will
be able to locate compatible business opportunities.  
 
Currently, we do not have a source of revenue. We are not able to fund our cash requirements through our current operations. Historically, we have been able to raise a limited amount of capital through private placements of our equity stock, but we
are uncertain about our continued ability to raise funds privately. Further, we believe that our company may have difficulties raising capital until we locate a prospective business through which we can pursue our plan of operation. If we are unable
to secure adequate capital to continue our acquisition efforts, our shareholders may lose some or all of their investment and our business may fail. 
 
 Results of Operations for the three and six months ended October 31, 2016.   
 
We generated no revenues for the six months ending October 31, 2016 and 2015. We do not expect to generate revenues until we have established a new business plan and operations and successfully implemented such business plan.  
 
 Three months ended October 31, 2016 compared to three months ended October 31, 2015   
 
We incurred operating expenses of  42,111 for the three months ended October 31, 2016, compared with operating expenses of  9,786 for the three months ended October 31, 2015. The most significant changes in operating expenses comprised of
foreign exchange of  13,510 (2015 -  nil) and filing fees of  9,630 (2015 -  610). The difference between periods was attributable to the foreign exchange on promissory notes received from Garmatex Technologies in the aggregate
amount of CDN 68,802 (US 51,322), the issuing of common shares through subscription agreements, and increased filing fees due to the merger, name change, forward split, and annual filings with SEDAR.  
 
We incurred other income (expenses) of  5,286 for the three months ended October 31, 2016, as compared to ( 502) for the three months ended October 31, 2015. Our other expenses consisted of interest expense of  616 (2015- 502) and
interest income of  5,902 (2015 -  nil). Interest expense for 2016 and 2015 included  616 and  502, respectively, to reflect the interest accrued on promissory notes issued during the periods.  
 
We incurred a net loss of  36,825 for the three months ended October 31, 2016, as compared with a net loss of  10,288 for the prior year three-month period.  
 
 Six months ended October 31, 2016 compared to six months ended October 31, 2015   
 
We incurred operating expenses of  76,081 for the six months ended October 31, 2016, compared with operating expenses of  27,107 for the six months ended October 31, 2015. The most significant changes in operating expenses comprised of
consulting fees of  16,253 (2015 -  nil) and foreign exchange of  19,422 (2015 -  3). The difference between periods was mostly attributable to a one-time fee for a mining consultants firm as well as the addition of
monthly consulting fees to the President of the Company which were not present in the prior comparable period. The difference is also attributable to the foreign exchange on promissory notes received from Garmatex Technologies in the aggregate
amount of CDN 589,859 (US 409,662), the issuing of common shares through subscription agreements, and increased filing fees due to the merger, name change, forward split, and annual filings with SEDAR.  

We incurred other income (expenses) of  9,478 for the six months ended October 31, 2016, as compared to ( 981) for the six months ended October 31, 2015. Our other expenses consisted of interest expense of  1,231 (2015- 981) and
interest income of  10,709 (2015 -  nil). Interest expense for 2016 and 2015 included  1,231 and  981, respectively, to reflect the interest accrued on promissory notes issued during the periods.  
 
We incurred a net loss of  66,603 for the six months ended October 31, 2016, as compared with a net loss of  28,088 for the prior year six-month period.  
 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources   
 
As of October 31, 2016, we had total current assets of  500,556, consisting of cash in the amount of  409 and due from related party notes of  500,147. We had current liabilities of  7,678 as of October 31, 2016. Accordingly, we had
working capital of  492,878 as of October 31, 2016.  
 
 Operating Activities   
 
Operating activities used  31,863 in cash for the six months ended October 31, 2016 as compared to  11,139 used for the prior six months ended October 31, 2015. The decrease in cash was attributable to the increase in net loss and increase
to interest receivable.  
 
 Investing Activities  
 
Investing activities used cash of  182,310 for the six months ended October 31, 2016 as compared to  nil for the six months ended October 31, 2015. The increase in the use of cash was due to the advance of funds to Garmatex Technologies.  
 
 Financing Activities   
 
Financing activities provided cash of  214,531 for the six months ended October 31, 2016, as compared to  11,200 for the six months ended October 31, 2015, which comprised of  214,531 in funds received for common stock in the Company and
 11,200 in related and third party borrowings in 2015. 
 
Based upon our current financial condition, we do not expect to have sufficient cash to operate our business at the current level for the next twelve months. We intend to fund future operations through new business sales and debt and/or equity
financing arrangements, which may be insufficient to fund expenditures or other cash requirements. We plan to seek additional financing in a private equity offering to secure funding for operations. There can be no assurance that we will be
successful in raising additional funding. If we are not able to secure additional funding, the implementation of our future business plan will be impaired. There can be no assurance that such additional financing will be available to us on
acceptable terms or at all.  
 
 Going Concern   
 
Our financial statements have been prepared assuming that we will continue as a going concern which contemplates the realization of assets and satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business. We have incurred cumulative losses of
 175,871 through October 31, 2016, expect to incur further losses in the development of our new business and have been dependent on funding operations through the issuance of convertible debt and private sale of equity securities. These
conditions raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans include continuing to finance operations through the private or public placement of debt and/or equity
securities and the reduction of expenditures. However, no assurance can be given at this time as to whether we will be able to achieve these objectives. 

As discussed in the notes to our unaudited consolidated financial statements, we have no established source of revenue. This has raised substantial doubt for our auditors about our ability to continue as a going concern. Without realization of
additional capital, it would be unlikely for us to continue as a going concern.  
 
 Off Balance Sheet Arrangements   
 
We have no off-balance sheet arrangements that have, or are reasonably likely to have, a current or future effect on our financial condition, changes in financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital
expenditures or capital resources that is material to our stockholders. 
 
 Critical Accounting Policies   
 
In December 2001, the SEC requested that all registrants list their most  critical accounting polices  in the Management Discussion and Analysis. The SEC indicated that a  critical accounting policy  is one which is both
important to the portrayal of a company s financial condition and results, and requires management s most difficult, subjective or complex judgments, often as a result of the need to make estimates about the effect of matters that are
inherently uncertain.  
 
  Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements   
 
In November 2015, FASB issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2015-17  Income Taxes: Balance Sheet Classification of Deferred Taxes  ( ASU 2015-17 ). ASU 2015-17 eliminates the requirement to bifurcate deferred taxes between current
and non-current on the balance sheet and requires that deferred tax liabilities and assets be classified as noncurrent on the balance sheet. ASU 2015-17 is effective for public entities in fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2016, and for
interim periods within those fiscal years. The amendments for ASU-2015-17 can be applied retrospectively or prospectively and early adoption is permitted. The adoption of this standard is not expected to have a material impact for any period
presented.  
 
Management does not believe that any other recently issued, but not yet effective, accounting standard if currently adopted would have a material effect on the accompanying financial statements.  
 
We do not expect the adoption of recently issued accounting pronouncements to have a significant impact on our results of operations, financial position, or cash flow.  
 
  Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk   
 
 A smaller reporting company is not required to provide the information required by this Item.  
 
  Item 4. Controls and Procedures   
 
 Disclosure controls and procedures , as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the  Securities Exchange Act of 1934 , as amended (the   Exchange Act  ), include controls and procedures designed to ensure
that information required to be disclosed in our company s reports filed under the Exchange Act recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information is
accumulated and communicated to our management to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 
Our principal executive officer and principal financial officer evaluated the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of October 31, 2016. Based on this evaluation he concluded that, as of October 31,
2016, our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective such that the information relating to us that is required to be disclosed in our SEC reports: (i) is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the
time periods specified in SEC rules and forms; and (ii) is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our principal executive and financial officer, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.  

Limitations on the Effectiveness of Internal Controls   
 
Our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, does not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures or our internal control over financial reporting are or will be capable of preventing or detecting
all errors or all fraud. Any control system, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the control system s objectives will be met. The design of a control system must reflect the fact
that there are resource constraints, and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Further, because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that
misstatements, due to error or fraud will not occur or that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within the company have been detected. These inherent limitations include the realities that judgments in decision-making can be faulty
and that breakdowns may occur because of simple error or mistake. Controls can also be circumvented by the individual acts of some persons, by collusion of two or more people, or by management override of controls. The design of any system of
controls is based in part on certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions. Projections of any evaluation of
controls effectiveness to future periods are subject to risk.  

PART II - OTHER INFORMATION   
  Item 1. Legal Proceedings   
 We know of no material pending legal proceedings to which our
company is a party or of which any of our properties is the subject. In
addition, we do not know of any such proceedings contemplated by any
governmental authorities. 
 We know of no material proceedings in which any of our
directors, officers or affiliates, or any registered or beneficial stockholder,
is a party adverse to our company or has a material interest adverse to our
company. 
  Item 1A. Risk Factors.   
 An investment in our common stock involves a number of very
significant risks. You should carefully consider the following risks and
uncertainties in addition to other information in this report in evaluating our
company before purchasing our securities. Our operating results and financial
condition could be seriously harmed as a result of the occurrence of any of the
following risks. You could lose all or part of your investment due to any of
these risks. 
  Risks Related to Our Business   
  Business opportunities that we believe are in the best
interests of our company may be scarce or we may be unable to obtain the ones
that we want. If we are unable to obtain a business opportunity that we believe
is in the best interests of our company, we may never recommence operations and
will go out of business. If we go out of business, investors will lose their
entire investment in our company.   
 We are, and will continue to be, an insignificant participant
in the number of companies seeking a suitable business opportunity or business
combination. A large number of established and well-financed entities, including
venture capital firms, are actively seeking suitable business opportunities or
business combinations which may also be desirable target candidates for us.
Virtually all such entities have significantly greater financial resources,
technical expertise and managerial capabilities than we do. We are,
consequently, at a competitive disadvantage in identifying possible business
opportunities and successfully completing a business combination. We will also
compete with numerous other small public companies seeking suitable business
opportunities or business combinations. If we are unable to obtain a business
opportunity that we believe is in the best interests of our company, we may
never recommence operations and will go out of business. If we go out of
business, investors will lose their entire investment in our company.  
  The current state of capital markets, particularly for small
companies, is expected to reduce our ability to obtain the financing necessary
to continue our business. If we cannot raise the funds that we need to continue
acquisitions and fund future business opportunities, we will go out of business
and investors will lose their entire investment in our company.   
 Like other smaller companies, we face difficulties in raising
capital for our continued operations and to consummate a business opportunity
with a viable business. We may not be able to raise money through the sale of
our equity securities or through borrowing funds on terms we find
acceptable. 
  We have had negative cash flows from operations and if we
are not able to obtain further financing, our business operations may fail. 
 
 We had cash and cash equivalents in the amount of $51 and
working capital of $(7,949) as of April 30, 2016. We anticipate that we will
require additional financing while we are seeking a suitable business
opportunity or business combination. Further, we anticipate that we will not
have sufficient capital to fund our ongoing operations for the next twelve
months. We would likely secure any additional financing necessary through a
private placement of our common stock. There can be no assurance that any
financing will be available to us, or, even if it is, if it will be offered on
terms and conditions acceptable to us. Our inability to obtain additional
financing in a sufficient amount when needed and upon terms and conditions
acceptable to us, could have a material adverse effect upon our company. If additional funds are raised by issuing equity
securities, dilution to existing or future shareholders will result. If adequate
funds are not available on acceptable terms when needed, we may be required to
delay, scale back or eliminate the development of any business opportunity that
we may acquire. 

Risks Associated with our Common Stock   
  Because Devon Loosdrecht   controls a large percentage
of our voting stock, he has the ability to influence matters affecting our
stockholders.   
 Devon Loosdrecht, our CEO, president, chief financial officer,
treasurer and sole director, owns over 50% of our common stock and controls a
majority of the votes attached to our outstanding voting securities. As a
result, he has the ability to influence matters affecting our stockholders,
including the election of directors, the acquisition of assets, and the issuance
of securities. Because he controls a majority of votes, it would be very
difficult for investors to replace our management if they disagree with the way
our business is being operated. Because the influence by Mr. Loosdrecht could
result in management making decisions that are in the best interest of Mr.
Loosdrecht and not in the best interest of the investors, you may lose some or
all of the value of your investment in our common stock. 
  Because we can issue additional shares of common stock, our
stockholders may experience dilution in the future.   
 We are authorized to issue up to 1,125,000,000 shares of common
stock, of which 33,169,118 shares of common stock were issued and outstanding as
of September 14, 2016. Our board of directors has the authority to cause us to
issue additional shares of common stock without consent of our stockholders.
Consequently, stockholders may experience dilution in their ownership of our
stock in the future.  
  There is currently no established public trading market for
our common stock, which makes it difficult for our stockholders to resell their
shares.   
 There is currently no established public trading market for our
common stock. There is a limited public market for our common stock through its
quotation on the OTCPink quotation system operated by the OTC Markets Group.
Trading in stocks quoted on the OTCPink is often thin and is characterized by
wide fluctuations in trading prices due to many factors that may be unrelated or
have little to do with a company's operations or business prospects. Moreover,
the OTCPink is not a stock exchange, and trading of securities on the OTCPink is
often more sporadic than the trading of securities listed on a national
securities exchange like the NASDAQ or the NYSE. Accordingly, stockholders may
have difficulty reselling any of our shares. We cannot assure you that there
will be a market for our common stock in the future.  
  Because we do not intend to pay any cash dividends on our
common stock in the near future, our stockholders will not be able to receive a
return on their shares unless they sell them.   
 We do not anticipate paying any cash dividends on our common
stock in the near future. The declaration, payment and amount of any future
dividends will be made at the discretion of the board of directors, and will
depend upon, among other things, our results of operations, cash flows and
financial condition, operating and capital requirements, and other factors the
board considers relevant. We may never pay any dividends. Unless we pay
dividends, our stockholders will not be able to receive a return on their shares
unless they sell them. 
  Our stock is a penny stock. Trading of our stock is
restricted by the SEC s penny stock regulations, which may limit a stockholder s
ability to buy and sell our stock.   
 Our stock is a penny stock. The SEC has adopted Rule 15g-9
which generally defines  penny stock  to be any equity security that has a
market price (as defined in Rule 15g-9) less than $5.00 per share or an exercise
price of less than $5.00 per share, subject to certain exceptions. Our
securities are covered by the penny stock rules, which impose additional sales
practice requirements on broker-dealers who sell to persons other than
established customers and  accredited investors . The term  accredited investor 
refers generally to institutions with assets in excess of $5,000,000 or
individuals with a net worth in excess of $1,000,000 or annual income exceeding
$200,000 or $300,000 jointly with their spouse. The penny stock rules require a
broker-dealer, prior to a transaction in a penny stock not otherwise exempt from the rules, to deliver a
standardized risk disclosure document in a form prepared by the SEC, which
provides information about penny stocks and the nature and level of risks in the
penny stock market. The broker-dealer also must provide the customer with
current bid and offer quotations for the penny stock, the compensation of the
broker-dealer and its salesperson in the transaction and monthly account
statements showing the market value of each penny stock held in the customer s
account. The bid and offer quotations, and the broker-dealer and salesperson
compensation information, must be given to the customer orally or in writing
prior to effecting the transaction and must be given to the customer in writing
before or with the customer s confirmation. In addition, the penny stock rules
require that prior to a transaction in a penny stock not otherwise exempt from
these rules; the broker-dealer must make a special written determination that
the penny stock is a suitable investment for the purchaser and receive the
purchaser s written agreement to the transaction. These disclosure requirements
may have the effect of reducing the level of trading activity in the secondary
market for the stock that is subject to these penny stock rules. Consequently,
these penny stock rules may affect the ability of broker-dealers to trade our
securities. We believe that the penny stock rules discourage investor interest
in and limit the marketability of our common stock. 

FINRA sales practice requirements may also limit a
stockholder s ability to buy and sell our stock.   
 In addition to the  penny stock  rules promulgated by the SEC,
the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (  FINRA  ) has adopted rules
that require that in recommending an investment to a customer, a broker-dealer
must have reasonable grounds for believing that the investment is suitable for
that customer. Prior to recommending speculative low priced securities to their
non-institutional customers, broker-dealers must make reasonable efforts to
obtain information about the customer s financial status, tax status, investment
objectives and other information. Under interpretations of these rules, FINRA
believes that there is a high probability that speculative low priced securities
will not be suitable for at least some customers. FINRA requirements make it
more difficult for broker-dealers to recommend that their customers buy our
common stock, which may limit your ability to buy and sell our stock.  
  Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of
Proceeds   
 None.  
  Item 3. Defaults upon Senior Securities   
 None  
  Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures   
 Not applicable.  
  Item 5. Other Information   
 None.  
  Item 6. Exhibits   

SIGNATURES   
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of
the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 
   
  GARMATEX HOLDINGS LTD.   
   
 By:  /s/ Devon Loosdrecht   Devon Loosdrecht  Chief
Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, President, Secretary, Treasurer
and sole Director   
 Date: December 12, 2016  

<EX-31.1>
 2
 exhibit31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Garmatex Holdings Ltd.: Exhibit 31.1 - Filed by newsfilecorp.com 

Exhibit 31.1  
  Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification   
 I, Devon Loosdrecht, certify that:  
      1. I have reviewed this Quarterly
Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended October 31, 2016 of Garmatex
Holdings Ltd. (the  registrant   
      2. Based on my knowledge, this
report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state
a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the
circumstances made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this
report;  
      3. Based on my knowledge, the
financial statements, and other financial information included in this report,
fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of
operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods
presented in this report;  
      4. I am responsible for
establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in
Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial
reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15-d-15(f)) for the
registrant and have:  
      a.
Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure
controls and procedures to be designed under my supervision, to ensure that
material information relating to the registrant, is made known to us by others
within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is
being prepared;  
      b.
Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal
control over financial reporting to be designed under my supervision, to provide
reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the
preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with
generally accepted accounting principles;  
      c.
Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and
procedures and presented in this report my conclusions about the effectiveness
of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered
by this report based on such evaluation; and  
      d.
Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over
financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal
quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report)
that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the
registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and  
      5. I have disclosed, based on my
most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the
registrant s auditors and the Audit Committee of the registrant s board of
directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):  
      a. All
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of
internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to
adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and
report financial information; and  
      b. Any
fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who
have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial
reporting  

Date: December 12, 2016  
      /s/
      Devon Loosdrecht    

Devon Loosdrecht   

Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial
      Officer   

(Principal Executive Officer and Chief
      Financial Officer)    

</EX-31.1>

<EX-32.1>
 3
 exhibit32-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Garmatex Holdings Ltd.: Exhibit 31.1 - Filed by newsfilecorp.com 

Exhibit 32.1   
  Section 1350 Certification   
 In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of
Garmatex Holdings Ltd., (the  Company ) for the quarterly period ended October
31, 2016 as filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the
 Report ), I, Devon Loosdrecht, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify,
pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the best of my knowledge:  

1.  
     
       The Report fully complies with the requirements of
      Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934;
  and   

2.  
     
       The information contained in the Report fairly presents,
      in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations
      of the Company.     

Date: December 12, 2016  
      /s/
      Devon Loosdrecht    

Devon Loosdrecht   

Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial
      Officer   

(Principal Executive Officer and Chief
      Financial Officer)    
  This certification accompanies this Quarterly Report on Form
10-Q pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and shall not,
except to the extent required by such Act, be deemed filed by the Company for
purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the
 Exchange Act ). Such certification will not be deemed to be incorporated by
reference into any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the
Exchange Act, except to the extent that the Company specifically incorporates it
by reference.   

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.INS>
 4
 oaxrc-20161031.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE FILE

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 5
 oaxrc-20161031.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 6
 oaxrc-20161031_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 7
 oaxrc-20161031_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 8
 oaxrc-20161031_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 9
 oaxrc-20161031_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

