<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161109_10-Q_edgar_data_799088_0001628280-16-021103_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>5450585</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>146900</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>336217</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1588747</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2288009</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1000746</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>23</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001628280-16-021103.hdr.sgml : 20161109
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161109160128
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001628280-16-021103
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		65
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161109
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161109

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			CARMIKE CINEMAS INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000799088
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-MOTION PICTURE THEATERS [7830]
		IRS NUMBER:				581469127
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-14993
		FILM NUMBER:		161984163

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1301 FIRST AVE
		CITY:			COLUMBUS
		STATE:			GA
		ZIP:			31901
		BUSINESS PHONE:		7065763400

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		P O BOX 391
		CITY:			COLUMBUS
		STATE:			GA
		ZIP:			31994

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001628280-16-021103.txt : 20161109

10-Q
 1
 ckec930201610-qdocument.htm
 10-Q

Document 

Table of Contents  

UNITED STATES 
  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
  WASHINGTON, D. C. 20549 

FORM 10-Q  

(Mark One) 

For the quarterly period ended   September 30, 2016    
  OR 

For the transition period from                          to                        
  Commission file number 000-14993 

CARMIKE CINEMAS, INC. 
  (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter) 

DELAWARE 
      
    58-1469127 
      (State or Other Jurisdiction of 
  Incorporation or Organization) 
      
    (I.R.S. Employer 
  Identification No.) 

(706) 576-3400 
  (Registrant s Telephone Number, Including Area Code) 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.    Yes           No      
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).    Yes           No      
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): 
    
                           Large accelerated filer 

Accelerated filer 

Non-accelerated filer 
      
           (Do not check if a smaller reporting company) 
       
    Smaller reporting company 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).    Yes           No      
  Indicate the number of shares outstanding of the issuer s common stock, as of the latest practicable date. 
  Common Stock, par value $0.03 per share   24,388,587 shares outstanding as of November 4, 2016. 

Table of Contents  

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 
       PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION  
      
       ITEM 1. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED)  
    1 
       CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS  
    1 
       CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS  
    2 
       CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS  
    3 
       NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
    4 
       ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS  
    26 
       ITEM 3. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK  
    30 
       ITEM 4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES  
    31 
       PART II. OTHER INFORMATION  
      
       ITEM 1. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS  
    32 
       ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS  
    32 
       ITEM 2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS  
    32 
       ITEM 3. DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES  
    32 
       ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES  
    32 
       ITEM 5. OTHER INFORMATION  
    32 
       ITEM 6. EXHIBITS  
    33 
       EXHIBIT INDEX  
    33 
       SIGNATURES  
    34 
      EX-31.1 SECTION 302 CERTIFICATION OF CEO 
      
      EX-31.2 SECTION 302 CERTIFICATION OF CFO 
      
      EX-32.1 SECTION 906 CERTIFICATION OF CEO 
      
      EX-32.2 SECTION 906 CERTIFICATION OF CFO 

Table of Contents  

PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
   
  ITEM 1.    FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
   
  CARMIKE CINEMAS, INC. and SUBSIDIARIES 
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
  (in thousands except share and per share data) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 

1 

Table of Contents  

CARMIKE CINEMAS, INC. and SUBSIDIARIES 
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
  (in thousands except per share data) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 

2 

Table of Contents  

CARMIKE CINEMAS, INC. and SUBSIDIARIES 
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
  (in thousands)   

  The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 
  
   3 

Table of Contents  

NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
  For the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015    
  (unaudited) 
  (in thousands except share and per share data) 
   
  NOTE 1 BASIS OF PRESENTATION AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES 
  Basis of Presentation 
  Carmike Cinemas, Inc. and its subsidiaries (referred to as  we ,  us ,  our , and the  Company ) has prepared the accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ( GAAP ) for interim financial information and the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission (the  SEC ). This information reflects all adjustments which in the opinion of management are necessary for a fair presentation of the balance sheet as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , the results of operations for the   three and nine   month periods ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015   and cash flows for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  . Certain information and footnote disclosures normally included in financial statements prepared in accordance with GAAP have been condensed or omitted pursuant to the rules and regulations of the SEC and the instructions to Form 10-Q. The Company believes that the disclosures are adequate to make the information presented not misleading. These condensed consolidated financial statements should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and the notes thereto included in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015  . That report includes a summary of the Company s critical accounting policies. There have been no material changes in the Company s accounting policies during the first   nine   months of   2016  .  
  The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company s wholly owned subsidiaries. All intercompany transactions and balances have been eliminated.  
  Accounting Estimates 
  In the preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP, management must make certain estimates, judgments and assumptions. These estimates, judgments and assumptions are made when accounting for items and matters such as, but not limited to, depreciation, amortization, asset valuations, impairment assessments, lease classification, employee benefits, income taxes, reserves and other provisions and contingencies. These estimates are based on the information available when recorded. These estimates, judgments and assumptions can affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities as of the date of the financial statements, as well as the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the periods presented. The Company bases its estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. Changes in estimates are recognized in the period they are determined.  
  Impairment of Long-Lived Assets 
  Long-lived assets are tested for recoverability whenever events or circumstances indicate that the assets  carrying values may not be recoverable. The Company performs its impairment analysis at the individual theatre-level, the lowest level of independent, identifiable cash flow. Management reviews all available evidence when assessing long-lived assets for impairment, including negative trends in theatre-level cash flow, the impact of competition, the age of the theatre, and alternative uses of the assets. The Company s evaluation of negative trends in theatre-level cash flow considers the seasonality of the business, with significant revenues and cash flow generated in the summer and year-end holiday season. Absent any unusual circumstances, management evaluates new theatres for potential impairment only after a theatre has been open and operational for a sufficient period of time to allow its operations to mature.  
    
  For those assets that are identified as potentially being impaired, if the undiscounted future cash flows from such assets are less than the carrying value, the Company recognizes a loss equal to the difference between the carrying value and the asset s fair value. The fair value of the assets is primarily estimated using the discounted future cash flow of the assets with consideration of other valuation techniques and using assumptions consistent with those used by market participants. Significant judgment is involved in estimating cash flows and fair value; significant assumptions include attendance levels, admissions and concessions pricing, and the weighted-average cost of capital. Management s estimates are based on historical and projected operating performance.  

4 

     Table of Contents  

Fair Value Measurements 
  The carrying values of cash and cash equivalents, accounts receivable, accounts payable and accrued liabilities approximate their fair value due to the short-term maturities of these assets and liabilities.  
  The fair value of the Senior Secured Notes and Credit Facility described in Note 3-Debt is estimated based on quoted market prices at the date of measurement.  
  See Note 11-Acquisitions for fair value of assets acquired.  
  Comprehensive Income 
  The Company has no other comprehensive income items. 
  Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
  In May 2014, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ("FASB") issued ASU 2014-09,   Revenue from Contracts with Customers  . ASU 2014-09 outlines a single comprehensive model for entities to use in accounting for revenue arising from contracts with customers and supersedes most current revenue recognition guidance. The core principle of ASU 2014-09 is that an entity should recognize revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. To achieve that core principle, an entity should apply the following steps: identify contract(s) with a customer; identify the performance obligations in the contract; determine the transaction price; allocate the transaction price to the performance obligations in the contract; and recognize revenue when (or as) the entity satisfies a performance obligation. ASU 2014-09 supersedes the revenue recognition requirements in Accounting Standards Codification Topic No. 605,  Revenue Recognition,  most industry-specific guidance throughout the industry topics of the accounting standards codification, and some cost guidance related to construction-type and production-type contracts. ASU 2014-09 is effective for public entities for annual periods and interim periods within those annual periods beginning after December 15, 2017. In August 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-14,   Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Deferral of the Effective Date  , which deferred the effective date of ASU 2014-09 for one year. Early adoption is permitted for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2016, including interim reporting periods within that reporting period. Companies may use either a full retrospective or a modified retrospective approach to adopt ASU 2014-09. In 2016, ASU 2016-08, ASU 2016-10 and 2016-12, were issued which amends certain aspects of ASU 2014-09. The Company is currently evaluating the potential impact of adopting this guidance, but due to the nature of its operations does not believe that it will have a significant impact on its consolidated financial statements. 
  In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-02,   Leases (Topic 842)  , which supersedes the existing guidance for lease accounting,   Leases (Topic 840)  . ASU 2016-02 requires lessees to recognize a lease liability and a right-of-use asset for all leases. Lessor accounting remains largely unchanged. The amendments in this ASU are effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018 and interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption is permitted for all entities. ASU 2016-02 requires a modified retrospective approach for all leases existing at, or entered into after the date of initial adoption, with an option to elect to use certain transition relief. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of this new standard on its consolidated financial statements. 
  In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-04,   Recognition of Breakage for Certain Prepaid Stored-Value Products,   which amends existing guidance on extinguishing financial liabilities for certain prepaid stored-value products. ASU 2016-04 requires a company to derecognize the amount related to the expected breakage in proportion to the pattern of rights expected to be exercised by the product holder to the extent that it is probable that a significant reversal of the recognized breakage amount will not subsequently occur. This ASU is effective for annual periods, and for interim periods within those fiscal years, beginning after December 15, 2017. Early adoption is permitted. The Company does not believe that this guidance will have a significant impact on its consolidated financial statements. 
  In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-09,   Compensation - Stock Compensation  , which is intended to simplify several aspects of the accounting for share-based payment transactions, including accounting for income taxes, forfeitures, statutory tax withholding requirements and classification in the statement of cash flows. The ASU is effective for fiscal years beginning on or after December 15, 2016, and interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption is permitted. The Company does not believe that this guidance will have a significant impact on its consolidated financial statements. 
  In August 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-15,   Statement of Cash Flows: Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments  , which amends the guidance in ASC 230 on the classification of certain cash receipts and payments in the statement of cash flows. The amendments in ASC 230 add or clarify guidance cash flow guidance related to debt prepayments or debt extinguishment costs, zero-coupon debt instruments, contingent consideration payments, proceeds from the settlement of  
  
   5 

     Table of Contents  

insurance claims, proceeds from the settlement of corporate-owned life insurance policies, distributions received from equity method investees, beneficial interests in securitization transactions, and the application of the predominance principle. This ASU is effective for annual periods beginning after December 31, 2017, including interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption is permitted. ASU 2016-15 requires that companies apply the guidance retrospectively to all periods presented, if practicable. The Company does not believe that this guidance will have a significant impact on its consolidated financial statements. 
  Other recent accounting pronouncements issued by the FASB (including its Emerging Issues Task Force), the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants, and the SEC did not or are not believed by management to have a material impact on the Company s present or future financial statements. 
   
  NOTE 2 IMPAIRMENT OF LONG-LIVED ASSETS 
  For the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , impairment charges aggregated to $  409   and $  2,669  , respectively. For the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  , impairment charges aggregated to $  1,388   and $  3,258  , respectively. The impairment charges for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   were primarily the result of the continued deterioration of previously impaired theatres. The impairment charges for the three months ended September 30, 2015 were primarily the result of deterioration in the operating results of the impaired theatres and the continued deterioration of previously impaired theatres. The impairment charges for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 were primarily the result of deterioration in the operating results of the impaired theatres, a decline in the market value of a previously closed theatre and the continued deterioration of previously impaired theatres.  
  The estimated aggregate fair value of the long-lived assets impaired during the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   was approximately $  1,486   and $  5,811  , respectively. These fair value estimates are considered Level 3 estimates within the fair value hierarchy prescribed by ASC 820,   Fair Value Measurements  , and were derived primarily from discounting estimated future cash flows. Future cash flows for a particular theatre are based on historical cash flows for that theatre, after giving effect to future attendance fluctuations, and are projected through the remainder of its lease term or useful life. The Company projects future attendance fluctuations of   (10)%   to   10%  . The risk-adjusted rate of return used to discount these cash flows ranges from   10%   to   15%  . 
   
  NOTE 3 DEBT 
  The Company s debt consisted of the following on the dates indicated: 

6.00%   Senior Secured Notes  
  In June 2015, the Company issued   $230,000   aggregate principal amount of   6.00%   Senior Secured Notes due   June 15, 2023   (the  Senior Secured Notes ). The proceeds were used to repay the Company s   $210,000   senior secured notes that were due in May 2019. Interest is payable on the Senior Secured Notes on   June 15 and December 15 of each year   beginning December 15, 2015. 
  The Senior Secured Notes are fully and unconditionally guaranteed by each of the Company s existing subsidiaries and will be guaranteed by any future domestic wholly-owned restricted subsidiaries of the Company. Debt issuance costs and other transaction fees of approximately $  7,000   were recorded as a reduction to the associated long-term debt and are amortized over the life of the debt as interest expense. The Senior Secured Notes are secured, subject to certain permitted liens, on a second priority basis by substantially all of the Company s and the guarantors  current and future property and assets (including the capital stock of the Company s current subsidiaries), other than certain excluded assets.  
  At any time prior to   June 15, 2018  , the Company may redeem up to   40%   of the aggregate principal amount of the Senior Secured Notes with the proceeds of certain equity offerings at a redemption price equal to   106%   of the principal amount of the Senior Secured Notes, plus accrued and unpaid interest to, but excluding the redemption date; provided, however, that at least   60%   of the aggregate principal amount of the Senior Secured Notes are outstanding immediately following the redemption. In  
  
   6 

     Table of Contents  

addition, at any time prior to   June 15, 2018  , the Company may redeem all or a portion of the Senior Secured Notes by paying a  make-whole  premium calculated as described in the indenture governing the Senior Secured Notes (the  Indenture ). The Company has not separated the make-whole premium from the underlying debt instrument to account for it as a derivative instrument as the economic characteristics and risks of this embedded derivative are clearly and closely related to the economic characteristics of the underlying debt.  
  At any time on or after   June 15, 2018  , the Company may redeem all or a portion of the Senior Secured Notes at redemption prices calculated based on a percentage of the principal amount of the Senior Secured Notes being redeemed, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to the redemption date, depending on the date on which the Senior Secured Notes are redeemed. These percentages range from between   100.00%   and   104.50%  .  
  Following a change of control, as defined in the Indenture, the Company will be required to make an offer to repurchase all or any portion of the Senior Secured Notes at a purchase price of   101%   of the principal amount, plus accrued and unpaid interest to, but excluding, the date of repurchase. On March 23, 2016, the Company entered into a supplemental indenture to the Indenture providing that the AMC merger described in response to Note 11- Acquisitions below would not constitute a change of control under the Indenture that would require us to make an offer to repurchase the Senior Secured Notes outstanding. 
  The fair value of the Senior Secured Notes at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , which are considered Level 2 estimates within the fair value hierarchy prescribed by ASC 820,   Fair Value Measurements  , is estimated based on quoted market prices as follows:  

Revolving Credit Facility  
  In June 2015, the Company also entered into a new   $50,000   revolving credit facility (the  Credit Facility ) with an interest rate at the Company's election of (i) LIBOR plus a margin of   2.75%   or (ii) a base rate calculated under the terms of the Credit Facility plus a margin of   1.75%  . In addition, the Company is required to pay commitment fees on the unused portion of the Credit Facility at the rate of   0.50%   per annum. The termination date of the Credit Facility is   June 17, 2020  . The   $50,000   revolving credit facility replaced the prior   $25,000   revolving credit facility that was scheduled to mature in April 2016. Debt issuance costs and other transaction fees of approximately   $1,900   related to the Credit Facility were included in other non-current assets and are amortized over the life of the debt as interest expense. 
  The Credit Facility includes a sub-facility for the issuance of letters of credit totaling up to   $10,000  . The Company s obligations under the Credit Facility are guaranteed by certain of the Company s existing and future direct and indirect wholly-owned domestic subsidiaries, and the obligations of the Company and such guarantors in respect of the Credit Facility are secured by first priority liens on substantially all of the Company s and such subsidiaries  current and future property and assets, other than certain excluded assets, pursuant to the first lien guarantee and collateral agreement by and among the Company, such guarantors and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as collateral trustee. In addition, the Credit Facility contains provisions to accommodate the incurrence of up to   $150,000   in future incremental borrowings. While the Credit Facility does not contain any commitment by the lenders to provide this incremental indebtedness, the Credit Facility describes how such debt (if provided by the Company s existing or new lenders) would be subject to various financial and other covenant compliance requirements and conditions at the time the additional debt is incurred. There was   no   outstanding balance on the revolving Credit Facility at   September 30, 2016  .  
    
  Debt Covenants  
  The Indenture and the Credit Facility include covenants which, among other things, limit the Company s and its subsidiaries  ability, to:  
             
    incur additional indebtedness or guarantee obligations;  
                
    issue certain preferred stock or redeemable stock;  
                
    pay dividends beyond certain calculated thresholds, repurchase or make distributions in respect of the Company s capital stock or make other restricted payments;  
                
    make certain investments;  
                
    sell, transfer or otherwise convey certain assets;  
     
   7 

     Table of Contents  

create or incur liens or other encumbrances;  
                
    prepay, redeem or repurchase subordinated debt prior to stated maturities;  
                
    designate the Company s subsidiaries as unrestricted subsidiaries;  
                
    consolidate, merge, sell or otherwise dispose of all or substantially all of the Company s assets;  
                
    enter into a new or different line of business; and  
                
    enter into certain transactions with the Company s affiliates.  
     As of   September 30, 2016  , none of the Company s accumulated deficit was subject to restrictions limiting the payment of dividends, and the total amount available for dividend payments under the Company s most restrictive covenants was approximately $  186,000  .  
  The restrictive covenants are subject to a number of important exceptions and qualifications set forth in the Indenture and the Credit Facility.  
  The Indenture provides for customary events of default. If any event of default occurs and is continuing, subject to certain exceptions, the trustee or the holders of at least   25%   in aggregate principal amount of the then outstanding Senior Secured Notes may declare all the Senior Secured Notes to be due and payable immediately, together with any accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to the acceleration date. In the case of an event of default resulting from certain events of bankruptcy, insolvency or reorganization, such amounts with respect to the Senior Secured Notes will be due and payable immediately without any declaration or other act on the part of the trustee or the holders of the Senior Secured Notes.  
  The Credit Facility contains further limitations on the Company s ability to incur additional indebtedness and liens. In addition, to the extent the Company incurs certain specified levels of additional indebtedness, further limitations under the Credit Facility will become applicable under covenants related to sales of assets, sale-leaseback transactions, investment transactions, and the payment of dividends and other restricted payments. If the Company draws on the Credit Facility, the Company will be required to maintain a first lien leverage ratio as defined (the  Leverage Ratio ) not more than   3.00   to   1.00  . The Credit Facility also contains certain representations and warranties, other affirmative and negative covenants, and events of default customary for secured revolving credit facilities of this type.  
  The Company s failure to comply with any of these covenants, including compliance with the Leverage Ratio, will be an event of default under the Credit Facility, in which case the administrative agent may, with the consent or at the request of lenders holding a majority of the commitments and outstanding loans, terminate the Credit Facility and declare all or any portion of the obligations under the Credit Facility due and payable. Other events of default under the Credit Facility include:  
             
    the Company s failure to pay principal on the loans when due and payable, or its failure to pay interest on the loans or to pay certain fees and expenses (subject to applicable grace periods);  
                
    the occurrence of a change of control (as defined in the Credit Facility);  
                
    a breach or default by the Company or its subsidiaries on the payment of principal of any other indebtedness in an aggregate amount greater than   $10,000  ;  
                
    breach of representations or warranties in any material respect;  
                
    failure to perform other obligations under the Credit Facility and the security documents for the Credit Facility (subject to applicable cure periods); or  
                
    certain bankruptcy or insolvency events.  
       
  In the event of a bankruptcy or insolvency event of default, the Credit Facility will automatically terminate, and all obligations thereunder will immediately become due and payable.  
  As of   September 30, 2016  , the Company was in compliance with all of the financial covenants in its Indenture and Credit Facility.  
   
  NOTE 4 INCOME TAXES 
  The Company s effective income tax rate is based on expected income, statutory tax rates and tax planning opportunities available in the various jurisdictions in which it operates. For interim financial reporting, the Company estimates the annual income tax rate based on projected taxable income for the full year and records a quarterly income tax provision or benefit in accordance with the anticipated annual rate. The Company refines the estimates of the year s taxable income as new information becomes available, including actual year-to-date financial results. This continual estimation process often results in  
  
   8 

     Table of Contents  

a change to the expected effective income tax rate for the year. When this occurs, the Company adjusts the income tax provision during the quarter in which the change in estimate occurs so that the year-to-date provision reflects the expected annual income tax rate. Significant judgment is required in determining the effective tax rate and in evaluating the tax positions.  
  The effective tax rate from continuing operations for the   three months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015   was   42.6%   and   26.1%  , respectively. The effective tax rate from continuing operations for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015   was   38.7%   and   30.6%  , respectively. The Company s tax rate for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   differs from the statutory federal tax rate primarily due to state income taxes, permanently nondeductible expenses and the effect of a change in state tax rates on its deferred tax asset. The Company's tax rate for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015 differs from the statutory federal tax rate primarily due to state income taxes and permanently nondeductible expenses.  
  The Company experienced an  ownership change  within the meaning of Section 382(g) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the  IRC ), during the fourth quarter of 2008. The ownership change has and will continue to subject the Company s pre-ownership change net operating loss carryforwards to an annual limitation, which will significantly restrict its ability to use them to offset taxable income in periods following the ownership change. In general, the annual use limitation equals the aggregate value of the Company s stock at the time of the ownership change multiplied by a specified tax-exempt interest rate.  
  As a result of the 2008 ownership change, the Company is subject to an approximate   $1.7 million   annual limitation on its ability to utilize its pre-change NOLs and recognized built-in losses. The Company s acquisition of Digital Cinema Destination Corp. ("Digiplex") and Sundance Cinemas        ( Sundance ) (see Note 11 Acquisitions) triggered an ownership change for Digiplex and Sundance during the third quarter of 2014 and fourth quarter of 2015, respectively. The Company evaluated the impact of these ownership changes and determined at the acquisition date that both companies had net unrealized built-in gains ( NUBIG ). The NUBIG was determined based on the difference between the fair market value of the Company's assets and their tax basis as of the ownership change date. Because a NUBIG existed with regard to each of these acquisitions, items of income existing before the ownership change date that are recognized during the   five  -year period beginning on the date of ownership change serve to increase the annual limitation of losses the Company can utilize under IRC Section 382. Therefore, the Company does not believe that the ownership changes will significantly limit its ability to utilize net operating losses acquired from Digiplex or Sundance. 
  The Company has incurred transaction costs during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 related to the pending AMC merger (see Note 11 Acquisitions). Should the AMC merger be completed during the fourth quarter of 2016, certain of these costs will become permanently non-deductible. If the AMC merger were to fail during the fourth quarter of 2016, certain of these costs would be deductible for income tax purposes. 
  At   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , the Company s total deferred tax assets, net of both deferred tax liabilities and IRC Section 382 limitations, were   $107,293   and   $106,300  , respectively. As of each reporting date, the Company assesses whether it is more likely than not that its deferred tax assets will be recovered from future taxable income, taking into account such factors as earnings history, taxable income in the carryback period, reversing temporary differences, projections of future taxable income, the finite lives of certain deferred tax assets and the impact of IRC Section 382 limitations. Both positive and negative evidence, as well as the objectivity and verifiability of that evidence, is considered in determining the appropriateness of recording a valuation allowance on deferred tax assets. When sufficient evidence exists that indicates that recovery is not more likely than not, a valuation allowance is established against the deferred tax assets, increasing the Company s income tax expense in the period that such conclusion is made.  
  Management s estimate of future taxable income is based on internal projections which consider historical performance, various internal estimates and assumptions, as well as certain external data, all of which management believes to be reasonable although inherently subject to significant judgment. If actual results differ significantly from the current estimates of future taxable income, and all prudent and feasible tax planning strategies are exhausted, a valuation allowance may need to be established for some or all of the Company's deferred tax assets. Establishing an allowance on the Company's net deferred tax assets could have a material adverse effect on the Company's financial condition and results of operations.  
  Management s conclusion at September 30, 2016 that it is more likely than not that the Company's net deferred tax assets will be realized is partially based upon management s estimate of future taxable income; however, the Company believes, with regard to certain state net operating losses which have a carryforward period shorter than the federal net operating loss carryforward period, that it is more likely than not that these state net operating losses will expire unused. Therefore a valuation allowance against certain state net operating loss carryforwards of   $860   was established during the fourth quarter of 2015.  
  
   9 

     Table of Contents  

Management s judgment regarding the realizability of state net operating loss deferred tax assets may change due to further changes in state tax rates, apportionment, and business concentration. 
  As of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , the amount of unrecognized tax benefits was   $127   and   $167  , all of which would affect the Company s annual effective tax rate, if recognized. 

NOTE 5 EQUITY BASED COMPENSATION 
  In May 2014, the Board of Directors adopted the Carmike Cinemas, Inc. 2014 Incentive Stock Plan (the  2014 Incentive Stock Plan ). The Company s Compensation and Nominating Committee may grant stock options, stock grants, stock units, and stock appreciation rights under the 2014 Incentive Stock Plan to certain eligible employees and to outside directors. As of   September 30, 2016  , there were   1,037,571   shares available for future grants under the 2014 Incentive Stock Plan. The Company s policy is to issue new shares upon exercise of options and the issuance of stock grants. 
  The Company also issues restricted stock awards to certain key employees and directors. Generally, the restricted stock vests over a   one   to   three   year period and compensation expense is recognized over the   one   to   three   year period equal to the grant date fair value of the shares awarded. For certain employees who have met retirement eligibility criteria as defined in the respective award agreements, compensation expense for restricted stock awards is recognized immediately. As of   September 30, 2016  , the Company also had   155,305   shares of performance-based awards outstanding which are dependent on the achievement of EBITDA targets that vest over a   three  -year period. As of   September 30, 2016  ,   76,502   shares of these performance-based stock awards have been earned due to the achievement of EBITDA targets. Performance-based stock awards are recognized as compensation expense over the vesting period based on the fair value on the date of grant and the number of shares ultimately expected to vest. For those employees who have met retirement eligibility criteria as defined in the 2014 Incentive Stock Plan, compensation expense for performance-based stock awards is recognized immediately once all conditions of the award have been satisfied. The Company has determined the achievement of the performance target for the unearned awards in the current year is probable. 
  The Company s total stock-based compensation expense was approximately   $704   and   $1,198   for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively, and $  3,105   and $  5,057   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively. Stock-based compensation expense is included in general and administrative expenses in the consolidated statement of operations. As of   September 30, 2016  , the Company had approximately   $2,229   of total unrecognized compensation cost related to non-vested share-based compensation arrangements granted under the Company s plans. This cost is expected to be recognized as stock-based compensation expense over a weighted-average period of approximately   1.3   years. This expected cost does not include the impact of any future stock-based compensation awards. 
  Options Service Condition Vesting 
  The Company currently uses the Black-Scholes option pricing model to determine the fair value of its stock options for which vesting is dependent only on employees providing future service. Such stock options vest equally over a   three  -year period, except for options granted to members of the Board of Directors that vest immediately upon issuance. The stock options expire   10   years after the grant date. The Company s stock-based compensation expense is recorded based on an estimated forfeiture rate of   5%  . 
  No   options were granted during the first   nine   months of   2016   or   2015  . The following table sets forth the summary of option activity for stock options with service vesting conditions as of   September 30, 2016  : 

10 

     Table of Contents  

Options   Market Condition Vesting 
  In April 2007, the Compensation and Nominating Committee approved (pursuant to the 2004 Incentive Stock Plan) the grant of an aggregate of   260,000   stock options, at an exercise price equal to   $25.95   per share, to a group of   eight   senior executives. The April 2007 stock option grants are aligned with market performance, as one-third of these stock options each will vest when the Company achieves an increase in the trading price of its common stock (over the   $25.95   exercise price) equal to   25%  ,   30%   and   35%  , respectively. The Company determined the aggregate grant date fair value of these stock options to be approximately   $1,430  . The fair value of these options was estimated on the date of grant using a Monte Carlo simulation model. Compensation expense is not subsequently adjusted for the number of shares that are ultimately vested. 
  The following table sets forth the summary of option activity for the Company s stock options with market condition vesting for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  : 

Restricted Stock 
  The following table sets forth the summary of activity for restricted stock grants, including performance-based awards, for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  : 

NOTE 6 GOODWILL AND INTANGIBLE ASSETS 
  As of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , goodwill and intangible assets consisted of the following: 
  
   11 

     Table of Contents  

Amortization expense of intangible assets for fiscal years 2016 through 2020 and thereafter is estimated to be approximately   $525  ,   $518  ,   $495  ,   $495  ,   $274   and   $288  , respectively. 
  The following table sets forth the changes in the carrying amount of goodwill for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  : 

NOTE 7 COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES 
  Contingencies 
  The Company, in the normal course of business, is involved in routine litigation and legal proceedings, such as personal injury claims, employment matters, contractual disputes and claims alleging Americans with Disabilities Act violations. Currently, there is no pending litigation or proceedings that the Company believes will have a material adverse effect, either individually or in the aggregate, on its business or its financial position, results of operations or cash flow.  
  Shareholder Litigation 
  On April 25, 2016 and May 10, 2016,   two   putative class action complaints were filed in the United States District Court for the Middle District of Georgia, Columbus Division (the "Court"), against Carmike s directors, AMC, and Merger Sub arising from the merger: Solak v. Passman, et al., C.A. No. 4:16-cv-154 (CDL) ( Solak Action ) and Baskette v. Fleming, et al., C.A. No. 4:16-cv-170 (CDL) ( Baskette Action  and, together with the Solak Action, the  Actions ). The plaintiffs in the Actions, certain purported holders of Carmike s common stock (which we refer to as  Plaintiffs ), allege that the preliminary proxy statement filed by Carmike on March 31, 2016 with the SEC in connection with the merger contained false and misleading statements and omitted material information in violation of Section 14(a) of the Exchange Act and SEC Rule 14a-9 promulgated thereunder, and further that the director defendants are personally liable for those alleged misstatements and omissions under Section 20(a) of the Exchange Act. Plaintiffs also allege that the director defendants breached their fiduciary duties owed to the public stockholders of Carmike in connection with the merger and that AMC and Merger Sub aided and abetted those breaches. The Actions seek, among other things, to enjoin the merger until the alleged Exchange Act violations and breaches of fiduciary duties are remedied, to rescind the merger agreement or any terms thereof to the extent such agreement or terms have already been implemented, and an award of attorneys  and experts  fees and costs. In addition, the Baskette Action seeks an accounting and award of damages.  
    
  On June 10, 2016, the Court consoldiated the Actions into a single action: In re Carmike Cinemas, Inc. Shareholder Litigation, Consolidated C.A. No. 4:16-cv-154 (CDL) (the  Consolidated Action ). On June 14, 2016, the Court denied Plaintiffs' request for an order temporarily restraining the merger and for expedited discovery in support of a motion to preliminarily enjoin the merger. Following that ruling, all proceedings in the Consolidated Action were temporarily stayed pending the close of the merger.  Although it is not possible to predict the outcome of litigation matters with certainty, Carmike believes that the claims raised in the Consolidated Action are without merit and intends to defend against them vigorously. 
  
   12 

     Table of Contents  

NOTE 8 NET LOSS PER SHARE 
  Basic net loss per common share has been computed using the weighted-average number of shares of common stock outstanding during the period. Diluted income per share is computed using the weighted-average number of common shares and common stock equivalents outstanding. As a result of the Company's net losses for the three and nine months ended   September 30, 2016   all common stock equivalents aggregating   390,224   and   406,421  , respectively, were excluded from the calculation of dilutive loss per share given their anti-dilutive effect. As a result of the Company's net losses for the three and nine months ended   September 30, 2015  , all common stock equivalents aggregating   387,635   and   418,489  , respectively, were excluded from the calculation of dilutive loss per share given their anti-dilutive effect.  

NOTE 9 SCREENVISION EXHIBITION, INC. 
  On October 14, 2010, the Company finalized the modification of its long-term exhibition agreement (the  Modified Exhibition Agreement ) with Screenvision Exhibition, Inc. ( Screenvision ), the Company s exclusive provider of on-screen advertising services. The Modified Exhibition Agreement extends the Company s exhibition agreement with Screenvision, which was set to expire on   July 1, 2012  , for an additional   30   year term through   July 1, 2042   ( Expiration Date ). 
  In connection with the Modified Exhibition Agreement, the Company received a cash payment of   $30,000   from Screenvision in January 2011. In addition, on October 14, 2010, the Company received, for no additional consideration, Class C membership units representing, as of that date, approximately   20%   of the issued and outstanding membership units of SV Holdco, LLC ( SV Holdco ). SV Holdco is a holding company that owns and operates the Screenvision business through a subsidiary entity. SV Holdco has elected to be taxed as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes. 
  In September 2011, the Company made a voluntary capital contribution of   $718   to SV Holdco. The capital contribution was made to maintain the Company s relative ownership interest following an acquisition by Screenvision and additional capital contributions by other owners of SV Holdco. The Company received Class A membership units representing less than   1%   of the issued and outstanding membership units of SV Holdco in return for the Company s capital contribution. 
  In May 2016, the Company added certain previously acquired screens to its Modified Exhibition Agreement. The screens were brought under the Modified Exhibition Agreement following the expiration of their previous screen advertising agreement. Pursuant to the terms of the Modified Exhibition Agreement, the Company received a cash payment of   $2,047   from SV Holdco which has been deferred and will be recognized as concessions and other revenue on a straight line basis over the remaining term of the Modified Exhibition Agreement.  
  
   13 

     Table of Contents  

In August 2016, SV Holdco LLC redeemed, and subsequently retired, certain Class A units from a member of SV Holdco. The redemption did not affect the Company's Class A and Class C membership units. However, as a result of the redemption, the Company's non-forfeitable Class C and Class A membership units increased from approximately   14%   of the total issued and outstanding membership units of SV Holdco to approximately   19%  . The Company s non-forfeitable Class C and Class A membership units represented approximately   19%   and   14%   of the total issued and outstanding membership units of SV Holdco as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively.   
  As of   September 30, 2016  , the carrying value of the Company s ownership interest in SV Holdco is   $8,494   and is included in investments in unconsolidated affiliates in the consolidated balance sheets. For book purposes, the Company has accounted for its investment in SV Holdco, LLC, a limited liability company for which separate accounts of each investor are maintained, as an equity method investment pursuant to ASC 970-323-25-6. 
  The Company s Class C membership units are intended to be treated as a  profits interest  in SV Holdco for U.S. federal income tax purposes and thus do not give the Company an interest in the other members  initial or subsequent capital contributions. As a profits interest, the Company s Class C membership units are designed to represent an equity interest in SV Holdco s future profits and appreciation in assets beyond a defined threshold amount, which equaled   $85,000   as of October 14, 2010. The   $85,000   threshold amount represented the agreed upon value of initial capital contributions made by the members to SV Holdco and is subject to adjustment to account for future capital contributions made to SV Holdco. Accordingly, the threshold amount applicable to the Company s Class C membership units equaled   $88,000   as of   September 30, 2016  . 
  The Company will also receive additional Class C membership units ( bonus units ), all of which will be subject to forfeiture, or may forfeit some of its initial Class C membership units, based upon changes in the Company s future theatre and screen count. However, the Company will not forfeit more than   25%   of the Class C membership units it received in October 2010, and the Company will not receive bonus units in excess of   33%   of the Class C membership units it received in October 2010. Any bonus units and the initial Class C membership units subject to forfeiture will each become non-forfeitable on the Expiration Date, or upon the earlier occurrence of certain events, including (1) a change of control or liquidation of SV Holdco or (2)the consummation of an initial public offering of securities of SV Holdco. The Company s Class C units in SV Holdco LLC that are subject to forfeiture, and any bonus units that may be awarded in future periods, will not be recognized in its consolidated financial statements until such units become non-forfeitable. Upon recognition, the Company will record its investment in any additional Class C and bonus units and will recognize revenue equal to the then estimated fair value of such units. The non-forfeitable ownership interest in SV Holdco was recorded at an estimated fair value of   $6,555   which was determined using the Black Scholes Model. The Company has applied the equity method of accounting for the non-forfeitable units and for financial reporting purposes began recording the related percentage of the earnings or losses of SV Holdco in its consolidated statement of operations since October 14, 2010.  
  For financial reporting purposes, the gains from both the   $30,000   cash payment to the Company and its non-forfeitable membership units in SV Holdco (  $36,555   in the aggregate) have been deferred and will be recognized as concessions and other revenue on a straight line basis over the remaining term of the Modified Exhibition Agreement. The Company has included in concessions and other revenue in the consolidated statement of operations amounts related to Screenvision of approximately   $3,100   and   $2,602   for the   three months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively and approximately   $8,338   and   $8,003   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively. The Company reclassifies certain amounts from Screenvision included in concessions and other revenue to earnings from unconsolidated affiliates. The amount reclassified is based on the Company s non-forfeitable ownership percentage of SV Holdco membership units, represents an intercompany gain to the Company and totaled   $547   and   $459   for the   three months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively and $  1,471   and $  1,412   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively. The Company has included in accounts receivable in the consolidated balance sheets amounts due from Screenvision of   $1,964   and   $1,626   at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively. 
  A summary of changes in investments in unconsolidated affiliates and deferred revenue for the Company s equity method investment in SV Holdco for the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016   is as follows: 

14 

     Table of Contents  

NOTE 10 INVESTMENTS IN UNCONSOLIDATED AFFILIATES 
  Our investments in affiliated companies accounted for by the equity method consist of our ownership interest in Screenvision, as discussed in Note 9 Screenvision Exhibition, Inc., and interests in other joint ventures. 
  Combined financial information of the unconsolidated affiliated companies accounted for by the equity method is as follows: 

A summary of activity in income from unconsolidated affiliates for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015   is as follows: 
  
   15 

     Table of Contents  

NOTE 11  ACQUISITIONS 
    
  AMC Merger 
    
  On March 3, 2016, AMC Entertainment Holdings, Inc. ("AMC") and the Company announced that the companies had entered into a definitive merger agreement under which AMC would acquire all of the outstanding shares of the Company and the Company would become a wholly owned subsidiary of AMC. Under the terms of the original merger agreement, Company stockholders would have received, for each share held by such stockholder,   $30.00   in cash at closing.   
    
  On July 25, 2016, AMC and the Company announced that they had entered into an amended and restated merger agreement which provides that, at the effective time of the merger, each share of Company common stock issued and outstanding immediately prior to closing will be converted, at the election of the Company stockholder, into the right to receive (i)   $33.06   in cash, without interest or (ii)   1.0819   shares of AMC Class A common stock. Pursuant to the amended and restated merger agreement, after the elections are made, the final per share merger consideration to be delivered to Company stockholders is subject to proration so that   70%   of the total shares held by all Company stockholders are converted into cash and   30%   of the total shares held by all Carmike stockholders are converted into shares of AMC Class A common stock.  
    
  The amended and restated merger agreement includes representations, warranties and conditions, including breakup fees payable or receivable by the Company under certain conditions if the transaction fails to close. The completion of the AMC merger is subject to customary closing conditions including, among others, the approval of Company stockholders and receipt of regulatory approvals.  
    
  The amended and restated merger agreement contains certain termination rights for both the Company and AMC and further provides that upon the termination of the amended and restated merger agreement under certain circumstances, including upon a termination as a result of a superior proposal, the Company will be required to pay a breakup fee of   $30,000  .  AMC is required to pay Carmike a termination fee of   $50,000   if the amended and restated merger agreement is terminated in certain circumstances relating to the antitrust regulatory review process. In addition, either AMC or the Company may terminate the amended and restated merger agreement prior to the effective time if the AMC merger has not been consummated on or before December 5, 2016 (the "end date"), provided, that if all of the closing conditions except those related to certain competition laws or legal restraints have been satisfied or are capable of being satisfied, then either AMC or the Company may extend the end date an additional 90 days upon written notice before the end date. 
    
  Refer to the definitive proxy statement filed by the Company with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC") on October 11, 2016 for additional information on the AMC merger. 
    
  AMC/Starplex 
  In January 2016, the Company acquired   two   theatres and   22   screens from a subsidiary of AMC for approximately   $5,465 thousand  , inclusive of working capital adjustments. The acquisition supports the Company's growth strategy. Acquisition costs related to this transaction were not significant to the Company's consolidated financial statements. The purchase price of   $5,465   was allocated as follows: 
  
   16 

     Table of Contents  

Sundance 
  On October 6, 2015, the Company completed its acquisition of   five   theatres and   37   screens pursuant to the terms of a definitive purchase agreement under which Carmike acquired all of Sundance Cinemas, LLC ("Sundance"). In consideration for the acquisition, the Company paid   $35,843   in cash, including   $130   in working capital adjustments. The purchase price was paid using cash on hand. The acquisition of Sundance supports the Company's growth strategy.  
  The following table summarizes the purchase price and purchase price allocation for Sundance based on the fair value of the net assets acquired at the acquisition date. 

The total non-cash consideration representing liabilities assumed in the Sundance transaction was   $2,242  . 
  The fair value of the current assets and current liabilities acquired approximate their net book value at the acquisition date. The goodwill recognized of   $25,115   is attributable primarily to expected synergies of achieving cost reductions and eliminating redundant administrative functions. The majority of the goodwill is not expected to be deductible for income tax purposes. Identified intangible assets recognized of   $200   represent favorable lease obligations and will be amortized to depreciation and amortization expense in the consolidated statements of operations over the respective lease term.  The Company also recognized unfavorable lease obligations of   $520   which will be amortized to theatre occupancy costs in the consolidated  
  
   17 

     Table of Contents  

statements of operations over the respective lease term. The weighted-average useful life of the favorable lease obligation, prior to the exercise of any extension or renewals associated with the underlying lease is   5.0   years. 
  The results of Sundance's operations have been included in the consolidated financial statements since the date of acquisition. Revenue and net income of Sundance included in the Company's operating results for the year ended December 31, 2015 from the acquisition date are   $7,394   and   $668  , respectively. Acquisition costs related to professional fees incurred as a result of the Sundance acquisition, during the year ended December 31, 2015 were approximately   $300   and were expensed as incurred and included in general and administrative expenses in the consolidated statement of operations. The majority of these expenses are not deductible for income tax purposes. 
   
  NOTE 12  LEASE AMENDMENT 
    
  In February 2016, the Company amended a master lease agreement consisting of   five   theatres and   84   screens. The amendment extends the term of the master lease agreement for   15   years, exclusive of any option periods. The Company expects to incur capital expenditures totaling approximately   $28,000   to remodel certain of these theatres of which   $15,000   will be reimbursed by the landlord. Certain of the improvements were deemed to be non-normal tenant improvements and the Company has recorded capital lease and financing obligations of   $14,285   on its consolidated balance sheet. 

18 

Table of Contents  

ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
    
  AMC Merger 
  On March 3, 2016, AMC Entertainment Holdings, Inc. ("AMC") and the Company announced that we have entered into a definitive merger agreement under which AMC would acquire all of our outstanding shares and we would become a wholly owned subsidiary of AMC. Under the terms of the original merger agreement, our stockholders would have received, for each share held by such stockholder, $30.00 in cash at closing.  
  On July 25, 2016, AMC and the Company announced that they had entered into an amended and restated merger agreement which provides that, at the effective time of the merger, each share of Company common stock issued and outstanding immediately prior to closing will be converted, at the election of the Company stockholder, into the right to receive (i) $33.06 in cash, without interest or (ii) 1.0819 shares of AMC Class A common stock. Pursuant to the amended and restated merger agreement, after the elections are made, the final per share merger consideration to be delivered to Company stockholders is subject to proration so that 70% of the total shares held by all Company stockholders are converted into cash and 30% of the total shares held by all Carmike stockholders are converted into shares of AMC Class A common stock.  
  The amended and restated merger agreement includes representations, warranties and conditions, including breakup fees payable or receivable under certain conditions if the transaction fails to close. The completion of the AMC merger is subject to customary closing conditions including, among others, the approval of Company stockholders and receipt of various regulatory approvals.  
  The amended and restated merger agreement contains certain termination rights for both the Company and AMC and further provides that upon the termination of the amended and restated merger agreement under certain circumstances, including upon a termination as a result of a superior proposal, the Company will be required to pay a breakup fee of $30.0 million.  AMC is required to pay Carmike a termination fee of $50.0 million if the amended and restated merger agreement is terminated in certain circumstances relating to the antitrust regulatory review process. In addition, either AMC or the Company may terminate the amended and restated merger agreement prior to the effective time if the AMC merger has not been consummated on or before December 5, 2016 (the "end date"), provided, that if all of the closing conditions except those related to certain competition laws or legal restraints have been satisfied or are capable of being satisfied, then either AMC or the Company may extend the end date an additional 90 days upon written notice before the end date. 
  Refer to the definitive proxy statement filed by the Company with the SEC on October 11, 2016 for additional information regarding the AMC merger.  
    
  The Company 
  We are one of the largest motion picture exhibitors in the United States, and as of   September 30, 2016   we owned, operated or had an interest in   271   theatres with   2,917   screens located in 41 states. We target mid-size, non-urban markets with the belief that they provide a number of operating benefits, including lower operating costs and fewer alternative forms of entertainment.  
  As of   September 30, 2016  , all of our theatres are on a digital-based platform, and   254   theatres with   1,080   screens are equipped for 3-D. We believe our leading-edge technologies allow us not only greater flexibility in showing feature films, but also provide us with the capability to explore revenue-enhancing alternative content programming. Digital film content can be easily moved to and from auditoriums in our theatres to maximize attendance. The superior quality of digital cinema and our 3-D capability allows us to provide a quality presentation to our patrons.  
  We generate revenue primarily from box office receipts and concession sales along with additional revenues from screen advertising sales, our in-theatre dining locations, our Hollywood Connection fun center, video games located in some of our theatres, and theatre rentals. Our revenue depends to a substantial degree on the availability of suitable motion pictures for screening in our theatres and the appeal of such motion pictures to patrons in our specific theatre markets. A disruption in the production of motion pictures, a lack of motion pictures, or the failure of motion pictures to attract the patrons in our theatre markets will likely adversely affect our business and results of operations.  
  Our revenue also varies significantly depending upon the timing of the film releases by distributors. While motion picture distributors now release major motion pictures more evenly throughout the year, the most marketable films are usually released during the summer months and the year-end holiday season, and we usually earn more during those periods than in other  
  
   19 

     Table of Contents  

periods during the year. As a result, the timing of such releases affects our results of operations, which may vary significantly from quarter to quarter and year to year.  
  We generate the majority of our box office revenue from a particular film within the first 30 days of its release date to theatre exhibitors. Historically, films have not been released in other formats, such as DVD or video-on-demand, until approximately 120 days after the film s initial release. However, over the past several years, the release window for films in other formats has shortened. It is possible that these release windows will continue to shorten, which could impact our ability to attract patrons to our theatres and adversely affect our revenues.  
  Film rental costs are variable in nature and fluctuate with the prospects of a film and the box office revenues of a film. Film rental rates are generally negotiated on a film-by-film and theatre-by-theatre basis and are typically higher for blockbuster films. Advertising costs, which are expensed as incurred, primarily represent advertisements and movie listings placed in newspapers. The cost of these advertisements is based on, among other things, the size of the advertisement and the circulation of the newspaper.  
  Concessions costs fluctuate primarily with our concession revenues. We purchase substantially all of our non-beverage concession supplies from one supplier and substantially all of our beverage supplies from one supplier. We anticipate an increase in concession costs as a percentage of concessions and other revenue as we continue to expand our food and beverage selection and the number of in-theatre dining locations.  
  Theatre labor includes a fixed cost component that represents the minimum staffing needed to operate a theatre and a variable component that fluctuates in relation to revenues as theatre staffing is adjusted to address changes in attendance. Facility lease expense is primarily a fixed cost as most of our leases require a fixed monthly rent payment. Certain of our leases are subject to percentage rent clauses that require payments of amounts based on the level of revenue achieved at the theatre-level. Other occupancy costs are substantially fixed. Other theatre operating costs consist primarily of utilities, taxes and licenses, insurance, credit and debit card fees, supplies and other miscellaneous theatre costs.  
  The ultimate performance of our film product any time during the calendar year will have a dramatic impact on our operating results and cash needs. In addition, the seasonal nature of the exhibition industry and positioning of film product make our need for cash vary significantly from quarter to quarter. Generally, our liquidity needs are funded by operating cash flow, available funds under our credit agreement and short term float. Our ability to generate this cash will depend largely on future operations.  
  We continue to focus on operating performance improvements. This includes managing our operating costs, implementing pricing initiatives and closing underperforming theatres. We also intend to allocate our available capital primarily to developing new build-to-suit theatres, making strategic acquisitions, converting traditional theatres to our in-theatre dining concept, installing Big D and IMAX auditoriums and improving the condition of our theatres.  
  We actively seek ways to grow our circuit through strategic acquisitions and have completed acquisitions in each fiscal year since 2011. Since 2011, we have acquired 65 theatres and over 800 screens. Recent transactions include the acquisition of 5 theatres and 37 screens from Sundance Cinemas LLC on October 6, 2015 and two theatres and 22 screens from a subsidiary of AMC Theatres in January 2016.   
  In addition, we continue to pursue opportunities for organic growth through new theatre development. During the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , we opened one theatre and 12 screens. We anticipate opening up to five new build-to-suit theatres in 2016. We intend to include one large-format auditorium in each of our new build-to-suit theatres.  
  As of   September 30, 2016  , we operated   55   large-format auditoriums, including   32   Big D auditoriums,   21   IMAX auditoriums and   two   MuviXL auditoriums. We believe that our large-format auditoriums enhance the enjoyment of our audiences and plan to convert additional screens to a large-screen format in future periods. In October 2013, we entered into a new revenue sharing agreement with IMAX for ten additional IMAX theatre systems to be installed in new construction projects and existing multiplexes. In July 2015, we expanded our revenue-sharing agreement to include 3 additional IMAX theatre systems. As of   September 30, 2016  , 10 of the 13 IMAX theatre systems had been installed.  
  During   2015  , we completed the conversion of three theatres to our in-theatre dining concept. These theatres feature a casual in-theatre dining and movie-going experience for the entire family. In addition to push-button service, these theatres allow patrons to enjoy a wide array of food and beverage options while enjoying a movie in our premium seats. We believe that a single theatre and dining destination provides our patrons with a more convenient and affordable entertainment experience  
  
   20 

     Table of Contents  

which can lead to increased visits. We intend to convert additional theatres to in-theatre dining as well as construct new build-to-suit in-theatre dining complexes in future years.  
  Two of our entertainment complexes include a Bogart s Bar and Grill restaurant. In certain locations, we offer an enhanced food and beverage menu, including the sale of alcoholic beverages. We anticipate expanding our in-theatre dining presence in future years as well as the number of theatres with expanded food and beverage menus. Revenues generated from the operation of these dining concepts were not significant to our consolidated statements of operations.  
  For a summary of risks and uncertainties relevant to our business, please see  Item 1A. Risk Factors  contained in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015  , our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarters ended March 31 and June 30, 2016 and in this report.  
   
  Results of Operations 
  Comparison of   Three and Nine   Months Ended   September 30, 2016   and   September 30, 2015    
  Revenues  . We collect substantially all of our revenues from the sale of admission tickets and concessions. The table below provides a comparative summary of the operating data for this revenue generation. 

According to boxofficemojo.com, a website focused on the movie industry, national box office revenues for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   were estimated to have increased by approximately 12.1% and 4.2%, respectively, in comparison to the corresponding   2015   period. The industry-wide increase for the three months ended September 30, 2016 was primarily driven by the success of high profile films, such as   The Secret Life of Pets   and   Suicide Squad  , which grossed over $300 million in domestic box office revenues. 
  Total operating revenues   increased     16.4%   to   $209.7 million   for the   three months ended September 30, 2016   compared to   $180.2 million   for the   three months ended September 30, 2015  , due to   an increase   in total attendance from   15.3 million   in the   third   quarter of   2015   to   17.3 million   in the   third   quarter of   2016  ,   an increase   in average admissions per patron from   $7.23   in the   third   quarter of   2015   to   $7.30   in the   third   quarter of   2016   and   an increase   in average concessions and other sales per patron from   $4.55   in the   third   quarter of   2015   to   $4.85   in the   third   quarter of   2016  . Excluding operating revenues from the acquired Sundance theatres which totaled $5.8 million, total operating revenues increased 13.1% to $203.9 million. The increase in total revenues, excluding the acquired Sundance theatres, was due to an increase in attendance from 15.3 million in the   third   quarter of   2015   to 17.0 million in the   third   quarter of   2016  , an increase in average admissions per patron from $7.23 to $7.24 and an increase in average concessions and other sales per patron from $4.55 to $4.77. The increase in average admissions per patron for the   third   quarter of   2016   was due to the adoption of a tax on top pricing policy in the fourth quarter of 2015, the acquired Sundance theatres and revenues related to unredeemed gift cards, partially offset by summer promotional activities introduced in 2016. Average concessions and other sales per patron increased primarily due to concession promotions, expanded food and beverage menus at certain theatres, including our in-theatre dining locations, the adoption of a tax on top pricing policy in the fourth quarter of 2015 and revenues related to unredeemed gift cards. 
  Total operating revenues   increased     6.3%   to   $620.6 million   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   compared to   $583.7 million   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2015  , due to   an increase   in total attendance from   48.5 million   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2015   to   48.9 million   for the nine months ended September 30,   2016  , an increase in average admissions per patron from   $7.36   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2015   to   $7.59   for the nine months ended September  
  
   21 

     Table of Contents  

30,   2016   and   an increase   in average concessions and other sales per patron from   $4.68   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2015   to   $5.11   for the nine months ended September 30,   2016  . Excluding operating revenues from the acquired Sundance theatres which totaled $16.2 million, total operating revenues increased 3.5% to $604.4 million. The increase in total operating revenues, excluding the acquired Sundance theatres, was due to an increase in attendance from 48.5 million for the   nine months ended September 30, 2015   to 48.1 million for the nine months ended September 30,   2016  , an increase in average admissions per patron from $7.36 to $7.53 and an increase in average concessions and other sales per patron from $4.68 to $5.04. Average admission per patron for the nine months ended September 30,   2016   increased due to the adoption of a tax on top pricing policy in the fourth quarter of 2015, the acquired Sundance theatres and revenues related to unredeemed gift cards, partially offset by summer promotional activities. Average concessions and other sales per patron increased primarily due to concession promotions, expanded food and beverage menus at certain locations, including our in-theatre dining locations, the adoption of a tax on top pricing policy in the fourth quarter of 2015 and revenues related to unredeemed gift cards. 
   Admissions revenue   increased     13.9%   from   $110.6 million   for the three months ended September 30, 2015 to   $126.0 million   for the   three months ended September 30, 2016  , due to   an increase   in total attendance from   15.3 million   in the   third   quarter of   2015   to   17.3 million   in the   third   quarter of   2016  ,   an increase   in average admissions per patron from   $7.23   in the   third   quarter of   2015   to   $7.30   for the   third   quarter of   2016  , and revenues related to unredeemed gift cards. Excluding admissions revenue from the acquired Sundance theatres of $3.1 million, admissions revenue increased 11.1% from $110.6 million for the   three months ended September 30, 2015   to $122.9 million for the   three months ended September 30, 2016  . 
  Admissions revenue   increased     3.9%   to   $370.8 million   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   from   $357.0 million   for the same period in   2015  , due to   an increase   in total attendance from   48.5 million   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2015   to   48.9 million   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   and   an increase   in average admissions per patron from   $7.36   for the   2015   period to   $7.59   for the   2016   period. Excluding admissions revenue from the acquired Sundance theatres of $8.8 million, admissions revenue increased 1.4% to $362.0 million in 2016 from $357.0 million in   2015  .  
  Concessions and other revenue   increased     20.3%   to   $83.7 million   for the   three months ended September 30, 2016   compared to   $69.6 million   for the same period in   2015   due to   an increase   in total attendance from   15.3 million   for the   three months ended September 30, 2015   to   17.3 million   for the   three months ended September 30, 2016  , and   an increase   in average concessions and other sales per patron from   $4.55   in the   third   quarter of   2015   to   $4.85   in the   third   quarter of   2016  , the adoption of a tax on top pricing policy in the fourth quarter of 2015 and revenues related to unredeemed gift cards. Excluding concessions and other revenues from the acquired Sundance theatres of $2.7 million, concessions and other revenue increased 16.4% from $69.6 million for the   three months ended September 30, 2015   to $81.0 million for the   three months ended September 30, 2016  .  
  Concessions and other revenue   increased     10.2%   to   $249.7 million   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   compared to   $226.7 million   for the same period in   2015   due to   an increase   in total attendance from   48.5   million for the   nine months ended September 30, 2015   to   48.9   million for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  ,   an increase   in average concessions and other sales per patron from   $4.68   for the   2015   period to   $5.11   for the   2016   period, revenues related to unredeemed gift cards and settlement funds related to the 2010 BP oil spill of $0.7 million. Excluding concessions and other revenues from the acquired Sundance theatres of $7.3 million, concessions and other revenues increased 6.9% to $242.4 million in the   2016   period from $226.7 million in the   2015   period. 
  We operated   271   theatres with   2,917   screens at   September 30, 2016   compared to   269   theatres with   2,872   screens at   September 30, 2015  .  

22 

     Table of Contents  

Operating costs and expenses  . The table below summarizes operating expense data for the periods presented.  

Film exhibition costs  . Film exhibition costs fluctuate in direct relation to the increases and decreases in admissions revenue and the mix of aggregate and term film deals. Film exhibition costs as a percentage of revenues are generally higher for periods with more blockbuster films. Film exhibition costs for the   three months ended September 30, 2016     increased   to   $69.7 million   as compared to   $61.4 million   for the   three months ended September 30, 2015   primarily resulting from   increased   attendance. As a percentage of admissions revenue, film exhibition costs were   55.3%   and   55.5%   for the   three months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively. Excluding film exhibition costs from the acquired Sundance theatres of $1.4 million, film exhibition costs for the   three months ended September 30, 2016   increased to $68.3 million as compared to $61.4 million for the   three months ended September 30, 2015  . As a percentage of admissions revenue, excluding the acquired Sundance theatres, film exhibition costs were 55.6% for the   three months ended September 30, 2016   as compared to 55.5% for the   three months ended September 30, 2015  . 
  Film exhibition costs for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016     increased   to   $208.4 million   as compared to   $202.3 million   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2015   primarily resulting from   increased   attendance. As a percentage of admissions revenue, film exhibition costs were   56.2%   and   56.7%   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively. Excluding film exhibition costs from the acquired Sundance theatres of $4.3 million, film exhibition costs for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   increased to $204.1 million as compared to $202.3 million for the   nine months ended September 30, 2015  . As a percentage of admissions revenue, excluding the acquired Sundance theatres, film exhibition costs were 56.4% and 56.7% for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively. As a percentage of admissions revenue, film exhibition costs were lower for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   due to a smaller concentration of top performing films in 2016.  
  Concession costs.   Concession costs fluctuate with changes in concessions revenue and product sales mix and changes in our cost of goods sold. Concession costs for the   three months ended September 30, 2016     increased   to   $10.2 million   compared to   $8.9 million   for the   three months ended September 30, 2015  . As a percentage of concessions and other revenues, concession costs for the   three months ended September 30, 2016   were   12.2%   as compared to   12.8%   for the   three months ended September 30, 2015  , primarily due to increased revenues from our tax on top pricing strategy and increased revenues related to unredeemed gift cards, partially offset by the impact of our rollout of expanded food and beverage items and a product sales mix at the acquired Sundance theatres that have lower margins. Excluding concession costs from the acquired Sundance theatres of $0.5 million, concession costs for the   three months ended September 30, 2016   increased to $9.7 million as compared to $8.9 million for the   three months ended September 30, 2015  . Excluding the acquired Sundance theatres, as a percentage of concessions and other revenues, concessions costs decreased to 11.9% for the   three months ended September 30, 2016   as compared to 12.8% for the   three months ended September 30, 2015   primarily due to increased concessions and other revenues from our tax on top pricing strategy and increased revenues of $0.1 million related to unredeemed gift cards, which was partially offset by the impact of our rollout of expanded food and beverage items that carry lower margins.  
  Concession costs for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016     increased   to   $29.7 million   compared to   $26.7 million   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2015   due to increased concession sales resulting from increased attendance. As a percentage of concessions and other revenues, concession costs for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   were   11.9%   as  
  
   23 

     Table of Contents  

compared to   11.8%   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2015  . Excluding concession costs from the acquired Sundance theatres of $1.5 million, concession costs for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   increased to $28.2 million as compared to $26.7 million for the   nine months ended September 30, 2015  . Excluding the acquired Sundance theatres, as a percentage of concessions and other revenues, concession costs were 11.6% for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   as compared to 11.8% for the   nine months ended September 30, 2015  . The decrease in concession costs as a percentage of concessions and other revenues was primarily due to increased concessions and other revenues from our tax on top pricing strategy and increased revenues of $0.6 million related to unredeemed gift cards, which was partially offset by the impact of our rollout of expanded food and beverage items that carry lower margins. 
  Salaries and benefits.   Salaries and benefits   increased     $1.4 million   from   $25.7 million   for the   three months ended September 30, 2015   to   $27.1 million   for the   three months ended September 30, 2016  . The increase is primarily due to increased staffing levels reflecting the increase in attendance and salaries and benefits related to the acquired Sundance theatres. Excluding the acquired Sundance theatres, salaries and benefits increased $0.4 million from $25.7 million for the   three months ended September 30, 2015   to $26.1 million for the   three months ended September 30, 2016   primarily due to increased staffing levels reflecting the increase in attendance. Salaries and benefits   increased     $2.3 million   from   $75.5 million   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2015   to   $77.8 million   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  . Excluding the acquired Sundance theatres, salaries and benefits decreased approximately $0.5 million from $75.5 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015 to $75.0 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016. 
     Theatre occupancy costs.   Theatre occupancy costs are primarily comprised of rent expense on buildings and equipment (recognized on a straight-line basis over the shorter of the lease term or the economic useful life of the lease), contingent rent and other theatre occupancy costs. Theatre occupancy costs for the   three months ended September 30, 2016     increased     $2.6 million   to   $26.6 million   as compared to   $24.0 million   for the   three months ended September 30, 2015  . Excluding the acquired Sundance theatres, theatre occupancy costs increased $1.8 million to $25.8 million. The increase in theatre occupancy costs for the   three months ended September 30, 2016   is due primarily to an increase in rent expense of $1.7 million associated with net theatre openings and closings subsequent to the beginning of the   third   quarter of   2015   and the acquisition of two theatres from AMC Theatres in January 2016. 
  Theatre occupancy costs for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016     increased   $8.0 million to   $79.4 million   as compared to   $71.4 million   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2015  . Excluding the acquired Sundance theatres, theatre occupancy costs increased $5.5 million to $76.9 million. The increase in theatre occupancy costs for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   is due primarily to an increase in rent expense of $4.8 million associated with net theatre openings and closings subsequent to the beginning of the   third   quarter of   2015   and the acquisition of two theatres from AMC Theatres in January 2016. 
  Other theatre operating costs.   Other theatre operating costs for the   three months ended September 30, 2016     increased   to   $37.9 million   as compared to   $34.6 million   for the   three months ended September 30, 2015  . Excluding the acquired Sundance theatres, other theatre operating costs for the   three months ended September 30, 2016   increased to $36.9 million as compared to $34.6 million for the   three months ended September 30, 2015  . The increase in other theatre operating costs, excluding the acquired Sundance theatres, was primarily due to increases in repairs and maintenance expense of $0.5 million, insurance reserves of $0.4 million, utilities expense of $0.3 million, and banking and credit card processing fees of $0.3 million. 
  Other theatre operating costs for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016     increased   to   $106.2 million   as compared to   $99.7 million   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2015  . Excluding the acquired Sundance theatres, other theatre operating costs for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   increased to $103.4 million as compared to $99.7 million for the   nine months ended September 30, 2015  . The increase in our other theatre operating costs, excluding the acquired Sundance theatres, was primarily due to increases in insurance reserves of $1.1 million, repairs and maintenance expense of $1.0 million, banking and credit card processing fees of $0.7 million and certain tax expenditures of $0.6 million.  
  General and administrative expenses  . General and administrative expenses   increased   to   $13.0 million   for the   three months ended September 30, 2016   compared to   $7.0 million   for the   three months ended September 30, 2015  . The increase in general and administrative expenses during the   three months ended September 30, 2016   was primarily the result of an increase in professional expenses of $6.1 million primarily related to the pending AMC merger. General and administrative expenses   increased   to   $36.7 million   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   compared to   $25.2 million   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2015  . The increase in general and administrative expenses for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   was primarily the result of an increase in professional expenses of $11.3 million primarily related to the pending AMC merger. 
  Depreciation and amortization.   Depreciation and amortization expenses   increased   to   $15.1 million   for the   three months ended September 30, 2016   as compared to   $14.5 million   for the   three months ended September 30, 2015  . Depreciation and  
  
   24 

     Table of Contents  

amortization expenses   increased   to   $45.6 million   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   as compared to   $41.3 million   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2015  . The increase in depreciation and amortization expenses for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015   was primarily due to a combination of higher balances of property and equipment due to theatre openings, remodels and recent acquisitions.  
  Net loss (gain) on disposal of property and equipment.   We recognized a loss on the disposal of property and equipment of   $1.6 million   for the   three months ended September 30, 2016   and a gain on the disposal of property and equipment of   $41 thousand   for the   three months ended September 30, 2015  . We recognized a loss on the disposal of property and equipment of   $1.7 million   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   and a gain on the disposal of property and equipment of   $3.4 million   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2015  . 
  Impairment of long-lived assets.   We recorded impairment charges of   $0.4 million   and   $1.4 million   for the   three months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively. The impairment charges for the three months ended September 30, 2016 are primarily the result of the continued deterioration of previously impaired theatres. The impairment charges for the three months ended September 30, 2015 are primarily the result of deterioration in the operating results of the impaired theatres and the continued deterioration of previously impaired theatres. We recorded impairment charges of   $2.7 million   and   $3.3 million   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively. The impairment charges for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and   September 30, 2015   are primarily the result of deterioration in the operating results of the impaired theatres, a decline in the market value of a previously closed theatre and the continued deterioration of previously impaired theatres.  
  Operating income.   Operating income for the   three months ended September 30, 2016     increased   to   $8.0 million   from   $2.8 million   for the   three months ended September 30, 2015  . As a percentage of total operating revenues, operating income for the   three months ended September 30, 2016   was   3.8%   as compared to   1.6%   for the   three months ended September 30, 2015  . The increase in operating income is primarily a result of increased attendance, partially offset by an increase in professional expenses related to the pending AMC merger, and the factors described above. Operating income for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016     decreased   to   $32.5 million   from   $41.7 million   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2015  . As a percentage of total operating revenues, operating income for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   was   5.2%   as compared to   7.1%   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2015  . The increase in operating income for the three months ended September 30, 2016 is primarily due increased attendance resulting from the favorable industry box office, partially offset by professional expenses related to the pending AMC merger and the factors described above. The decrease in operating income for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   is primarily the result of an increase in professional expenses related to the pending AMC merger, partially offset by a modest increase in attendance, and the factors described above. 
  Interest expense, net  . Interest expense, net for the   three months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015   was   $12.4 million   and   $12.3 million  , respectively. Interest expense, net for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015   was   $37.1 million   and   $37.6 million  , respectively. The decrease in interest expense for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 is primarily due to a decrease in the weighted average interest rate of the 6.00% Senior Secured Notes compared to the 7.375% Senior Secured Notes.  
  Income tax.   During the   three months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015  , we recorded an income tax   benefit   of   $1.1 million   and   $2.2 million  , respectively, primarily as a result of our income from continuing operations. At   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , our consolidated total deferred tax assets, net of both deferred tax liabilities and IRC Section 382 limitations, were   $107.3 million   and   $106.3 million  , respectively. As of each reporting date, we assess whether it is more likely than not that our deferred tax assets will be recovered from future taxable income, taking into account such factors as earnings history, taxable income in the carryback period, reversing temporary differences, projections of future taxable income, the finite lives of certain deferred tax assets and the impact of IRC Section 382 limitations. Both positive and negative evidence, as well as the objectivity and verifiability of that evidence, is considered in determining the appropriateness of recording a valuation allowance on deferred tax assets. When sufficient evidence exists that indicates that recovery is not more likely than not, a valuation allowance is established against the deferred tax assets, increasing our income tax expense in the period that such conclusion is made.  
  The effective tax rate from continuing operations for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   was   42.6%   and 38.7%, respectively. Our tax rate for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015   differs from the statutory tax rate primarily due to state income taxes and permanently nondeductible expenses.  

25 

Table of Contents  

Liquidity and Capital Resources  
  General  
  We utilize operating cash flows in excess of those required to fund capital projects, including new build-to-suit theatres and acquisitions. We had a working capital   surplus   of   $30.2 million   as of   September 30, 2016   compared to a working capital   surplus   of   $27.9 million   at   December 31, 2015  . The working capital   surplus   in   2016   and   2015   primarily resulted from proceeds of $88.0 million received from our common stock offering in July 2013, partially offset by recent acquisitions and our share repurchase program.  
  At   September 30, 2016  , we had available borrowing capacity of $50 million under our revolving Credit Facility and approximately   $95.4 million   in cash and cash equivalents on hand as compared to available borrowing capacity of $50 million under our revolving Credit Facility and approximately   $102.5 million   in cash and cash equivalents at   December 31, 2015  . The material terms of our revolving credit facility (including limitations on our ability to freely use all the available borrowing capacity) are described below in  Revolving Credit Facility.   
  Net cash provided by operating activities   was   $37.8 million   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   compared to   net cash provided by operating activities   of   $57.8 million   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2015  . Cash provided by operating activities was   lower   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   due primarily to increased general and administrative expenses of approximately $11.5 million, resulting from professional expenses related to the pending AMC merger, and decreased accounts payable balances, partially offset by higher operating revenues resulting from increased attendance and increased admissions revenue per patron and concessions and other revenues per patron.   Net cash used in investing activities   was   $37.7 million   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   compared to   $22.7 million   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2015  . The   increase   in our   net cash used in investing activities   is primarily due to theatre acquisitions of $5.5 million and a decrease in proceeds from the sale of property and equipment of $10.1 million. The cash used for theatre acquisitions during the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   was primarily related to the acquisition of two theatres from a subsidiary of AMC. Capital expenditures were   $33.3 million   and   $33.9 million   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively. Capital expenditures for the   2016   period primarily related to recently constructed build-to-suit theatres and theatre renovations. Capital expenditures for the   2015   period related to recently constructed build-to-suit theatres, the conversion of certain traditional theatres to our casual in-theatre dining concept and theatre renovations.   Net cash used in financing activities   was   $7.3 million   and   $12.2 million   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively. The   net cash used in financing activities   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   was primarily due to repayments of capital leases and financing obligations, purchases of treasury shares to satisfy tax obligations related to our incentive stock program and share repurchases under our share repurchase program, partially offset by landlord reimbursements on certain properties under capital leases and financing obligations. The   net cash used in financing activities   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2015   was primarily due to repayments of capital leases and financing obligations, purchases of treasury shares to satisfy tax obligations related to our incentive stock program, and the payment of an earnout contingency related to a prior year acquisition.  
  We have incurred a significant amount of professional expenses related to the pending AMC merger during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and expect to incur additional professional expenses, some of which are contingent upon the closing of the transaction, during the fourth quarter of 2016. 
  Our liquidity needs are funded by operating cash flow, availability under our Credit Facility and available cash. The exhibition industry is seasonal with the studios normally releasing their premiere film product during the holiday season and summer months. This seasonal positioning of film product makes our needs for cash vary significantly from quarter to quarter. Additionally, the ultimate performance of the films any time during the calendar year will have a dramatic impact on our cash flow.   
  We from time to time close older theatres or do not renew the leases, and the expenses associated with exiting these closed theatres typically relate to costs associated with removing owned equipment for redeployment in other locations and are not material to our operations. We closed seven theatres during the first   nine   months of   2016   and estimate closing approximately ten theatres for the full year   2016  .  
  We plan to incur approximately $45 million in capital expenditures, net of landlord reimbursements, for calendar year   2016  . We plan to open up to five new build-to-suit theatres in   2016   and expect to include one large format digital screen in all new build-to-suit theatres. As of   September 30, 2016  , we have   32   Big D auditoriums,   21   IMAX auditoriums and   two   MuviXL auditoriums. We believe that the addition of Big D and IMAX auditoriums will have a positive impact on our operating results. 

26 

Table of Contents  

6.00% Senior Secured Notes  
  On June 17, 2015, we issued $230.0 million aggregate principal amount of 6.00% Senior Secured Notes due June 15, 2023 (the  Senior Secured Notes ). The proceeds were used to repay our $210.0 million senior secured notes that were due in May 2019. Interest is payable on the Senior Secured Notes on June 15 and December 15 of each year. The Senior Secured Notes are fully and unconditionally guaranteed by each of our existing subsidiaries and will be guaranteed by any future domestic wholly-owned restricted subsidiaries. Debt issuance costs and other transaction fees of approximately $7.0 million are recorded as a reduction to the associated long-term debt and amortized over the life of the debt as interest expense. The Senior Secured Notes are secured, subject to certain permitted liens, on a second priority basis by substantially all of our and our guarantors  current and future property and assets (including the capital stock of our current subsidiaries), other than certain excluded assets. 
  At any time prior to June 15, 2018, we may redeem up to 40% of the aggregate principal amount of the Senior Secured Notes with the proceeds of certain equity offerings at a redemption price equal to 106.00% of the principal amount of the Senior Secured Notes, plus accrued and unpaid interest to, but excluding the redemption date; provided, however, that at least 60% of the aggregate principal amount of the Senior Secured Notes are outstanding immediately following the redemption. In addition, at any time prior to June 15, 2018, we may redeem all or a portion of the Senior Secured Notes by paying a  make-whole  premium calculated as described in the indenture governing the Senior Secured Notes (the  Indenture ). 
  At any time on or after June 15, 2018, we may redeem all or a portion of the Senior Secured Notes at redemption prices calculated based on a percentage of the principal amount of the Senior Secured Notes being redeemed, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to the redemption date, depending on the date on which the Senior Secured Notes are redeemed. These percentages range from between 100.00% and 104.50%.  
  Following a change of control, as defined in the Indenture, we will be required to make an offer to repurchase all or any portion of the Senior Secured Notes at a purchase price of 101% of the principal amount, plus accrued and unpaid interest to, but excluding, the date of repurchase.  On March 23, 2016, we entered into a supplemental indenture to the Indenture providing that the AMC merger would not constitute a change of control under the Indenture which would require us to make an offer to repurchase the Senior Secured Notes outstanding. 
  The Indenture includes covenants that limit the ability of us and our restricted subsidiaries to, among other things: incur additional indebtedness or guarantee obligations; issue certain preferred stock or redeemable stock; subject to certain exceptions, pay dividends on, repurchase or make distributions in respect of our capital stock or make other restricted payments; make certain investments; sell, transfer or otherwise convey certain assets; create or incur liens or other encumbrances; prepay, redeem or repurchase subordinated debt prior to stated maturities; designate our subsidiaries as unrestricted subsidiaries; consolidate, merge, sell or otherwise dispose of all or substantially all of our assets; enter into a new or different line of business; and enter into certain transactions with our affiliates. The restrictive covenants are subject to a number of important exceptions and qualifications set forth in the Indenture.  
  The Indenture provides for customary events of default. If any event of default occurs and is continuing, subject to certain exceptions, the trustee or the holders of at least 25% in aggregate principal amount of the then outstanding Senior Secured Notes may declare all the Senior Secured Notes to be due and payable immediately, together with any accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to the acceleration date. In the case of an event of default resulting from certain events of bankruptcy, insolvency or reorganization, such amounts with respect to the Senior Secured Notes will be due and payable immediately without any declaration or other act on the part of the trustee or the holders of the Senior Secured Notes.  
  Revolving Credit Facility  
  On June 17, 2015, we entered into a revolving credit facility (the  Credit Facility ) by and among us, as borrower, the banks and other financial institutions or entities from time to time parties to the credit agreement governing the Credit Facility (the  Credit Agreement ), as lenders, and JP Morgan Securities LLC, Macquarie Capital (USA) Inc. and RBC Capital Markets as Joint Lead Arrangers and Joint Bookrunners as lenders under the Credit Facility as initially in effect. Debt issuance costs and other transaction fees of approximately $1.9 million related to the Credit Facility are included in other non-current assets and amortized over the life of the debt as interest expense. 
  The Credit Facility provides a $50.0 million senior secured revolving credit facility having a five year term, and includes a sub-facility for the issuance of letters of credit totaling up to $10.0 million. Our obligations under the Credit Facility are guaranteed by each of our existing and future direct and indirect wholly-owned domestic subsidiaries, and the obligations of us and our guarantors in respect of the Credit Facility are secured by first priority liens on substantially all of our and such subsidiaries  current and future property and assets, other than certain excluded assets pursuant to the first lien guarantee and collateral agreement by and among us, such guarantors and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as collateral trustee. In  
  
   27 

     Table of Contents  

addition, the Credit Facility contains provisions to accommodate the incurrence of up to $150.0 million in future incremental borrowings. While the Credit Facility does not contain any commitment by the lenders to provide this incremental indebtedness, the Credit Facility describes how such debt (if provided by our existing or new lenders) would be subject to various financial and other covenant compliance requirements and conditions at the time the additional debt is incurred. 
   The interest rate for borrowings under the Credit Facility is LIBOR plus a margin of 2.75%, or Base Rate (as defined in the Credit Facility) plus a margin of 1.75%, as we may elect. In addition, we will be required to pay commitment fees on the unused portion of the Credit Facility at the rate of 0.50% per annum. The termination date of the Credit facility is June 17, 2020. 
  The Credit Facility contains covenants which, among other things, limit our ability, and that of our subsidiaries, to: 

pay dividends beyond certain calculated thresholds or make any other restricted payments to parties other than to us; 
                
    incur additional indebtedness and financing obligations; 
                
    create liens on our assets; 
                
    make certain investments; 
                
    sell or otherwise dispose of our assets other than in the ordinary course of business; 
                
    consolidate, merge or otherwise transfer all or any substantial part of our assets; 
                
    enter into transactions with our affiliates; and 
                
    engage in businesses other than those in which we are currently engaged or those reasonably related thereto. 
     The Credit Facility contains further limitations on our ability to incur additional indebtedness and liens. In addition, to the extent we incur certain specified levels of additional indebtedness, further limitations under the Credit Facility will become applicable under covenants related to sales of assets, sale-leaseback transactions, investment transactions, and the payment of dividends and other restricted payments. In addition, if we draw on the Credit Facility, we will be required to maintain a first lien leverage ratio as defined (the  Leverage Ratio ) not more than 3.00 to 1.00. The Credit Facility also contains certain representations and warranties, other affirmative and negative covenants, and events of default customary for secured revolving credit facilities of this type.  
  Our failure to comply with any of these covenants, including compliance with the Leverage Ratio, will be an event of default under the Credit Facility, in which case the administrative agent may, with the consent or at the request of lenders holding a majority of the commitments and outstanding loans, terminate the Credit Facility and declare all or any portion of the obligations under the Credit Facility due and payable. Other events of default under the Credit Facility include:  

our failure to pay principal on the loans when due and payable, or our failure to pay interest on the loans or to pay certain fees and expenses (subject to applicable grace periods); 
                
    the occurrence of a change of control (as defined in the Credit Agreement); 
                
    a breach or default by us or our subsidiaries on the payment of principal of any other indebtedness in an aggregate amount greater than $10 million; 
                
    breach of representations or warranties in any material respect; 
                
    failure to perform other obligations under the Credit Agreement and the security documents for the Credit Facility (subject to applicable cure periods); or 
                
    certain bankruptcy or insolvency events. 
     In the event of a bankruptcy or insolvency event of default, the Credit Facility will automatically terminate, and all obligations thereunder will immediately become due and payable. 
  As of   September 30, 2016  , we were in compliance with all of the financial covenants in our Indenture and Credit Facility. 
          We did not have any material changes to our contractual obligations from those disclosed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015  .  

Forward-Looking Information 
  Certain items in this report are considered forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Securities Act of 1933 and the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act ). In addition, we, or our executive officers on our behalf, may from time to time make forward-looking statements in reports and other documents we file with the SEC or in  
  
   28 

     Table of Contents  

connection with oral statements made to the press, potential investors or others. You can identify these statements by the fact that they do not relate strictly to historical or current facts. They use words such as  plan,   estimate,   expect,   project,   anticipate,   intend,   believe  and other words and terms of similar meaning in connection with discussion of future operating or financial performance. These statements include, among others, statements regarding our future operating results, our strategies, sources of liquidity, debt covenant compliance, the availability of film product, our capital expenditures, and the opening and closing of theatres. These statements are based on the current expectations, estimates or projections of management and do not guarantee future performance. The forward-looking statements also involve risks and uncertainties, which could cause actual outcomes and results to differ materially from what is expressed or forecasted in these statements. As a result, these statements speak only as of the date they were made and we undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Our actual results and future trends may differ materially depending on a variety of factors, including: 

the occurrence of any event, change or other circumstances that could give rise to the termination of the merger agreement with AMC; 
                
    the inability to complete the proposed merger due to the failure to obtain Carmike stockholder or regulatory approval for the proposed merger, merger-related litigation or the failure to satisfy other conditions of the proposed merger within the proposed timeframe or at all; 
                
    disruption in key business activities or any impact on our relationships with third parties as a result of the announcement of the proposed merger; 
                
    the failure to obtain the necessary financing arrangements as set forth in the debt commitment letters delivered pursuant to the merger agreement with AMC;  
                
    the failure of the proposed merger to close for any other reason; 
                
    risks related to disruption of management s attention from our ongoing business operations due to the proposed merger; 
                
    the outcome of any legal proceedings, regulatory proceedings or enforcement matters that may be instituted against us and others relating to the merger agreement with AMC; 
                
    the risk that the pendency of the proposed merger disrupts current plans and operations and the potential difficulties in employee retention as a result of the pendency of the proposed merger;  
                
    the amount of the costs, fees, expenses and charges related to the proposed merger;  
                
    adverse regulatory decisions;  
                
    unanticipated changes in the markets for our business segments; 
                
    our ability to achieve expected results from our strategic acquisitions; 
                
    general economic conditions in our regional and national markets; 
                
    our ability to comply with covenants contained in the agreements governing our indebtedness; 
                
    our ability to operate at expected levels of cash flow; 
                
    financial market conditions including, but not limited to, changes in interest rates and the availability and cost of capital; 
                
    our ability to meet our contractual obligations, including all outstanding financing commitments; 
                
    the availability of suitable motion pictures for exhibition in our markets; 
                
    competition in our markets; 
                
    competition with other forms of entertainment; 
                
    the effect of leverage on our financial condition; 
                
    prices and availability of operating supplies; 
                
    impact of continued cost control procedures on operating results; 
                
    the impact of asset impairments; 
                
    the impact of terrorist acts; 
                
    changes in tax laws, regulations and rates; 
                
    financial, legal, tax, regulatory, legislative or accounting changes or actions that may affect the overall performance of our business; and 
                
    other factors, including the risk factors disclosed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015   under the caption  Risk Factors  and risk factors related to the AMC merger disclosed in Part II, Item 1A of our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended March 31, 2016.  
     
   29 

     Table of Contents  

Other important assumptions and factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements are specified elsewhere in this report and our other SEC reports, accessible on the SEC s website at www.sec.gov and our website at www.carmike.com. 

ITEM 3.    QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
  There have been no material changes in market risk from the information provided under  Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk  in Item 7A of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015  . 
  
   30 

Table of Contents  

ITEM 4.    CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
  Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
  We maintain disclosure controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act, include controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the reports we file or submit under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to our management, including the chief executive officer and the chief financial officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. It should be noted that any system of controls, however well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable, and not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the system are met. 
  As required by SEC rules, we have evaluated the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. This evaluation was carried out under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our chief executive officer and our chief financial officer. Based on this evaluation, these officers have concluded that, as of   September 30, 2016  , our disclosure controls and procedures were effective. 
  Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
  There has been no change in the Company s internal control over financial reporting during the   three months ended September 30, 2016   that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 
  
   31 

Table of Contents  

PART II. OTHER INFORMATION 

ITEM 1.    LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
  On April 25, 2016 and May 10, 2016, two putative class action complaints were filed in the United States District Court for the Middle District of Georgia, Columbus Division (the "Court"), against Carmike s directors, AMC, and Merger Sub arising from the merger: Solak v. Passman, et al., C.A. No. 4:16-cv-154 (CDL) ( Solak Action ) and Baskette v. Fleming, et al., C.A. No. 4:16-cv-170 (CDL) ( Baskette Action  and, together with the Solak Action, the  Actions ). The plaintiffs in the Actions, certain purported holders of Carmike s common stock (which we refer to as  Plaintiffs ), allege that the preliminary proxy statement filed by Carmike on March 31, 2016 with the SEC in connection with the merger contained false and misleading statements and omitted material information in violation of Section 14(a) of the Exchange Act and SEC Rule 14a-9 promulgated thereunder, and further that the director defendants are personally liable for those alleged misstatements and omissions under Section 20(a) of the Exchange Act. Plaintiffs also allege that the director defendants breached their fiduciary duties owed to the public stockholders of Carmike in connection with the merger and that AMC and Merger Sub aided and abetted those breaches. The Actions seek, among other things, to enjoin the merger until the alleged Exchange Act violations and breaches of fiduciary duties are remedied, to rescind the merger agreement or any terms thereof to the extent such agreement or terms have already been implemented, and an award of attorneys  and experts  fees and costs. In addition, the Baskette Action seeks an accounting and award of damages.  
    
  On June 10, 2016, the Court consoldiated the Actions into a single action: In re Carmike Cinemas, Inc. Shareholder Litigation, Consolidated C.A. No. 4:16-cv-154 (CDL) (the  Consolidated Action ). On June 14, 2016, the Court denied Plaintiffs' request for an order temporarily restraining the merger and for expedited discovery in support of a motion to preliminarily enjoin the merger. Following that ruling, all proceedings in the Consolidated Action were temporarily stayed pending the close of the merger.  Although it is not possible to predict the outcome of litigation matters with certainty, Carmike believes that the claims raised in the Consolidated Action are without merit and intends to defend against them vigorously. 

ITEM 1A.    RISK FACTORS 
  For information regarding factors that could affect the Company s results of operations, financial condition and liquidity, see the risk factors discussed under  Risk Factors  in Part I, Item 1A of the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015  . See also  Forward-Looking Statements,  included in Part I, Item 2 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. There have been no material changes from the risk factors previously disclosed in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015   with the exception of the risk factors related to the merger disclosed in Part II, Item 1A of the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly periods ended March 31 and June 30, 2016. 

ITEM 2.    UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS 
  None. 

ITEM 3.    DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES 
  None. 

ITEM 4.    MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
  None. 

ITEM 5.    OTHER INFORMATION 
  None. 
  
   32 

Table of Contents  

ITEM 6.    EXHIBITS 
  Listing of exhibits 
    
                     Exhibit 
  Number 
       
    Description 

2.1 

Amended and Restated Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of July 24, 2016, among Carmike Cinemas, Inc. and AMC Entertainment Holdings, Inc. and Congress Merger Subsidiary, Inc. (filed as Exhibit 2.1 to Carmike's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 24, 2016 and incorporated herein by reference). 

3.1 

Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Carmike Cinemas, Inc. (filed as Exhibit 3.1 to Carmike s Amendment to Form 8-A filed January 31, 2002 and incorporated herein by reference). 

3.2 

Certificate of Amendment to amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Carmike Cinemas, Inc, (filed as Exhibit 3.1 to Carmike s Current Report on Form 8-K filed May 21, 2010 and incorporated herein by reference). 

3.3 

Amended and Restated By-Laws of Carmike Cinemas, Inc. (filed as Exhibit 3.1 to Carmike s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 22, 2009 and incorporated herein by reference). 

3.4 

Amendment to Amended and Restated By-Laws of Carmike Cinemas, Inc. (filed as Exhibit 3.1 to Carmike's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 4, 2016 and incorporated herein by reference). 

3.5 

Amendment to Amended and Restated By-Laws of Carmike Cinemas, Inc. (filed as Exhibit 3.1 to Carmike's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 30, 2016 and incorporated herein by reference). 

4.1 

Indenture for the 6.00% Senior Secured Notes due 2023, dated June 17, 2015, among Carmike Cinemas, Inc. and JP Morgan (filed as Exhibit 4.1 to Carmike's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 23, 2015. 

4.2 

Form of 6.00% Senior Secured Note due 2023 (included in Exhibit 4.1) 

4.3 

Second Supplemental Indenture, dated March 23, 2016, to Indenture dated June 17, 2015, among Carmike Cinemas, Inc., the subsidiary guarantors party thereto and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as trustee (filed as Exhibit 4.1 to Carmike's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 29, 2016). 

11 

Computation of per share earnings (provided in Note 8 of the notes to condensed consolidated financial statements included in this report under the caption  Net Income Per Share ). 

31.1 

Certification of the Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

31.2 

Certification of the Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32.1 

Certificate of the Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32.2 

Certificate of the Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

101 

The following financial information for Carmike, formatted in XBRL (Extensible Business Reporting Language): (i) the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets, (ii) the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations, (iii) the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, and (iv) the Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements, tagged as detailed text. 

33 

Table of Contents  

SIGNATURES 
  Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

CARMIKE CINEMAS, INC. 

Date: 
    November 9, 2016 
      
    By: 
      
    /s/ S. David Passman III 

S. David Passman III 

President, Chief Executive Officer and 
  Director 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

Date: 
    November 9, 2016 
      
    By: 
      
    /s/ Richard B. Hare 

Richard B. Hare 

Senior Vice President Finance, Treasurer and 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial Officer) 

Date: 
    November 9, 2016 
      
    By: 
      
    /s/ Gregory S. Wiggins 

Gregory S. Wiggins 

Assistant Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer 

(Principal Accounting Officer) 

34 

Table of Contents  

Exhibit 31.1  
  CERTIFICATE OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER  
  I, S. David Passman III, certify that:  
           1. 
    I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Carmike Cinemas, Inc.;  
              2. 
    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;  
              3. 
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;  
              4. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:  
              a) 
    Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;  
              b) 
    Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;  
              c) 
    Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and  
              d) 
    Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and  
              5. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):  
              a) 
    All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and  
              b) 
    Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.  
     Date:   November 9, 2016    

/s/ S. David Passman III 
      S. David Passman III 
  President, Chief Executive Officer and 
      Director 

35 

Table of Contents  

Exhibit 31.2  
  CERTIFICATE OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER  
  I, Richard B. Hare, certify that:  
           1. 
    I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Carmike Cinemas, Inc.;  
              2. 
    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;  
              3. 
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;  
              4. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:  
              a) 
    Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;  
              b) 
    Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;  
              c) 
    Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and  
              d) 
    Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and  
              5. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):  
              a) 
    All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and  
              b) 
    Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.  
     Date:   November 9, 2016    

/s/ Richard B. Hare  
      Richard B. Hare 
      Senior Vice President-Finance, Treasurer and Chief Financial Officer 

36 

Table of Contents  

Exhibit 32.1  
  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,  
  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  
  In connection with the Quarterly Report of Carmike Cinemas, Inc. on Form 10-Q for the period ended   September 30, 2016   as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, S. David Passman III, the Chief Executive Officer of the registrant, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, to my knowledge, that:  
           1. 
    The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and  
              2. 
    The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the issuer.  
     Date:   November 9, 2016    

/s/ S. David Passman III 
      S. David Passman III 
  President, Chief Executive Officer and 
  Director 

37 

Table of Contents  

Exhibit 32.2  
  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,  
  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  
  In connection with the Quarterly Report of Carmike Cinemas, Inc. on Form 10-Q for the period ended   September 30, 2016   as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Richard B. Hare, Chief Financial Officer of the registrant, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, to my knowledge, that:  
           1. 
    The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and  
              2. 
    The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the issuer.  
     Date:   November 9, 2016    

/s/ Richard B. Hare  
      Richard B. Hare 
      Senior Vice President-Finance, Treasurer and Chief Financial Officer 

38 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 ckec9302016ex-311.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 

Exhibit 31.1 
  CERTIFICATE OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
  I, S. David Passman III, certify that: 
    
           1. 
    I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Carmike Cinemas, Inc.; 
       
           2. 
    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
       
           3. 
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
       
           4. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
       
           a) 
    Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
       
           b) 
    Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
       
           c) 
    Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
          
           d) 
    Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
       
           a) 
    All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
       
           b) 
    Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:   November 9, 2016    

/s/ S. David Passman III 
      S. David Passman III 
  President, Chief Executive Officer and 
      Director 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 ckec9302016ex-312.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 

Exhibit 31.2 
  CERTIFICATE OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
  I, Richard B. Hare, certify that: 
           1. 
    I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Carmike Cinemas, Inc.; 
              2. 
    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
       
           3. 
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
       
           4. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
       
           a) 
    Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
       
           b) 
    Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
       
           c) 
    Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
       
           d) 
    Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
       
           5. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
       
           a) 
    All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
       
           b) 
    Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:   November 9, 2016    

/s/ Richard B. Hare 
      Richard B. Hare 
      Senior Vice President-Finance, Treasurer and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 ckec9302016ex-321.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 

Exhibit 32.1 
  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
  In connection with the Quarterly Report of Carmike Cinemas, Inc. on Form 10-Q for the period ended June 30, 2016 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, S. David Passman III, the Chief Executive Officer of the registrant, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, to my knowledge, that: 
    
           1. 
    The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 
       
           2. 
    The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the issuer. 

Date:   November 9, 2016    

/s/ S. David Passman III 
      S. David Passman III 
  President, Chief Executive Officer and 
  Director 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 ckec9302016ex-322.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

Exhibit 

Exhibit 32.2 
  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
  In connection with the Quarterly Report of Carmike Cinemas, Inc. on Form 10-Q for the period ended June 30, 2016 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Richard B. Hare, Chief Financial Officer of the registrant, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, to my knowledge, that: 
           1. 
    The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 
       
           2. 
    The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the issuer. 

Date:   November 9, 2016    

/s/ Richard B. Hare 
      Richard B. Hare 
      Senior Vice President-Finance, Treasurer and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 ckec-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 ckec-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 ckec-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 ckec-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 ckec-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 ckec-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

