<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161110_10-Q_edgar_data_1563665_0001144204-16-133281_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>1942073</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>64628</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>132970</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>376518</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>868296</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>456355</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>31</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001144204-16-133281.hdr.sgml : 20161110
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161110160740
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001144204-16-133281
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		44
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161110
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161110

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Biostage, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001563665
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SURGICAL & MEDICAL INSTRUMENTS & APPARATUS [3841]
		IRS NUMBER:				455210462
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-35853
		FILM NUMBER:		161988094

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		84 OCTOBER HILL ROAD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 11
		CITY:			HOLLISTON
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			01746
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(774) 233-7300

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		84 OCTOBER HILL ROAD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 11
		CITY:			HOLLISTON
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			01746

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Harvard Apparatus Regenerative Technology, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20121204

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001144204-16-133281.txt : 20161110

10-Q
 1
 v452040_10q.htm
 FORM 10-Q

UNITED STATES  

  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION  

  WASHINGTON, DC 20549  

FORM 10-Q  

x    Quarterly
report pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934   

  For the quarterly period ended September
30, 2016  

Transition
report pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934   

  For the transition period from to  

Commission file number 001-35853   

BIOSTAGE, INC.  

(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified
in Its Charter)  

Delaware   
       
       45-5210462    

(State or Other Jurisdiction of  
          Incorporation or Organization)   

(IRS Employer  
          Identification No.)    

(774) 233-7300   

  (Registrant s telephone number,
including area code)  

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed
all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or
for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements
for the past 90 days.          x    YES           
  NO 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted
electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant
to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the
registrant was required to submit and post such files).          x 
  YES              NO 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated
filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated
filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer       
     Accelerated filer         

Non-accelerated filer       (Do not check if a smaller reporting company) 
     Smaller reporting company     x   

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company
(as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).          YES     x 
    NO 

As of November 9, 2016, there were 17,108,968 shares of common
stock, par value $0.01 per share, outstanding 

Biostage Inc.,  

  (formerly, Harvard Apparatus Regenerative
Technology, Inc.)  

Form 10-Q  

  For the Quarter Ended September 30, 2016  

INDEX  

Page   
 
      PART I-FINANCIAL INFORMATION  
     3  

Item 1. 
      Financial Statements  
     3  

Unaudited Consolidated Balance Sheets  
     3  

Unaudited Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss  
     4  

Unaudited Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows  
     5  

Notes to Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements  
     6  

Item 2. 
      Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  
     12  

Item 3. 
      Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk  
     16  

Item 4. 
      Controls and Procedures  
     16  

PART II-OTHER INFORMATION  
     17  

Item 1A. 
      Risk Factors  
     17  

Item 2. 
      Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds  
     17  

Item 6. 
      Exhibits  
     18  

SIGNATURES  
     19  

PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION  

    Item 1.  Financial Statements.  

BIOSTAGE, INC.  

  UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS  

  (in thousands, except par value and share
data)  

See accompanying notes to unaudited consolidated
financial statements.  

BIOSTAGE, INC.  

  UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF
OPERATIONS AND COMPREHENSIVE LOSS  

(In thousands, except per share amounts)  

See accompanying notes to unaudited
consolidated financial statements. 

BIOSTAGE, INC.  

  UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF
CASH FLOWS  

(In thousands)   

See accompanying notes to unaudited consolidated
financial statements.  

BIOSTAGE, INC.  

NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS  

1. Overview and Basis of Presentation  

Overview   

Biostage, Inc., formerly Harvard Apparatus
Regenerative Technology, Inc. ( Biostage  or the  Company ) is a biotechnology company developing bioengineered
organ implants based on our novel Cellframe   TM   technology. Our Cellframe technology
is comprised of a biocompatible scaffold that is seeded with the recipient s own stem cells. We believe that this technology
may prove to be effective for treating patients across a number of life-threatening medical indications who currently have unmet
medical needs. We are currently developing our Cellframe technology to treat life-threatening conditions of the esophagus, bronchus
or trachea with the objective of dramatically improving the treatment paradigm for those patients. 

Since inception, the Company has devoted
substantially all of its efforts to business planning, research and development, recruiting management and technical staff, and
acquiring operating assets. 

The Company changed its name from Harvard
Apparatus Regenerative Technology, Inc. to Biostage, Inc. on March 31, 2016. All references to the Company have been changed to
Biostage in the accompanying consolidated financial statements and notes thereto. 

Basis of Presentation   

The financial statements reflect the Company s
financial position, results of operations and cash flows in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United
States ( GAAP ). 

Earnings per Share   

Basic net loss per share is computed using
the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the period. Diluted net loss per share is computed using the sum
of the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the period and, if dilutive, the weighted average number of
potential shares of common stock, including the assumed exercise of stock options and warrants and unvested restricted stock. 

The Company applied the two-class method
to calculate basic and diluted net loss per share attributable to common stockholders for the three and nine months ended September
30, 2016, as its warrants to purchase common stock are participating securities. 

The two-class method is an earnings allocation
formula that treats a participating security as having rights to earnings that otherwise would have been available to common stockholders.
However, the two-class method does not impact the net loss per share of common stock as the Company was in a net loss position
for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and warrant holders do not participate in losses. 

Basic and diluted shares outstanding are
the same for each period presented as all common stock equivalents would be antidilutive due to the net losses incurred. 

Reclassification   

Sales and marketing expenses of $0.1 million
and $0.3 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, respectively, have been reclassified to selling, general
and administrative expenses to conform to the 2016 presentation. 

Unaudited Interim Financial Information   

The accompanying interim balance sheet
as of September 30, 2016 and consolidated interim statements of operations and comprehensive loss and cash flows for the nine months
ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 are unaudited. The interim unaudited consolidated financial statements have been prepared in
accordance with GAAP on the same basis as the annual audited financial statements and, in the opinion of management, reflect all
adjustments necessary for a fair statement of the Company s financial position as of September 30, 2016 and its results
of operations and cash flows for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015.  The financial data and other information
disclosed in these notes related to the three month period ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 are unaudited. The results for the
nine months ended September 30, 2016 are not necessarily indicative of results to be expected for the year ending December 31,
2016, any other interim periods or any future year or period. 

2. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies and Recently
Issued Accounting Pronouncements  

Summary of Significant Accounting Policies   

The accounting policies underlying the
accompanying unaudited consolidated financial statements are those set forth in Note 2 to the financial statements for the year
ended December 31, 2015 included in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K, and additionally the following accounting policy
for warrants issued during the nine months ended September 30, 2016. 

Warrant Accounting  

The Company classifies a warrant to purchase
shares of its common stock as a liability on its consolidated balance sheets as this warrant is a free-standing financial instrument
that may require the Company to transfer consideration upon exercise. Each warrant is initially recorded at fair value on date
of grant using the Black-Scholes model and net of issuance costs, and it is subsequently re-measured to fair value at each subsequent
balance sheet date. Changes in fair value of the warrant are recognized as a component of other income (expense), net in the consolidated
statement of operations and comprehensive loss. The Company will continue to adjust the liability for changes in fair value until
the earlier of the exercise or expiration of the warrant. 

Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements   

In August 2014, the Financial Accounting
Standards Board ( FASB ) issued Accounting Standards Update ( ASU ) No. 2014-15,    Disclosure
of Uncertainties about an Entity s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern,   to provide guidance on management s
responsibility in evaluating whether there is substantial doubt about a company s ability to continue as a going concern
and to provide related footnote disclosures. This update is effective for annual periods ending after December 15, 2016, and
interim periods within annual periods beginning after December 15, 2016. Early application is permitted for annual or interim
reporting periods for which the financial statements have not previously been issued. The Company has not adopted ASU 2014-15 and
does not expect the adoption to have a significant impact on the Company s consolidated financial statements or related disclosures. 

In February 2016, the FASB, issued ASU,
2016-02-  Leases (Topic 842) . The ASU requires companies to recognize on the balance sheet the assets and liabilities for
the rights and obligations created by leased assets. ASU 2016-02 will be effective for the Company in the first quarter of 2019,
with early adoption permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the impact that the adoption of ASU 2016-02 will have on the
Company s consolidated financial statements or related disclosures. 

In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-09,  Stock Compensation - Improvements to Employee Share-Based
Payment Accounting,  ( ASU 2016-09 ), which simplifies several aspects of the accounting for share-based payment
transactions, including the income tax consequences, classification of awards as either equity or liabilities, classification on
the statement of cash flows and policy elections on the impact for forfeitures. ASU 2016-09 is effective for fiscal years beginning
after December 15, 2017 and interim periods within annual periods beginning after December 15, 2018.  The Company has not
adopted ASU 2016-09 and does not expect the adoption to have a significant impact on the Company s consolidated financial
statements or related disclosures. 

3. Capital Stock, Financing and Liquidity  

Capital Stock   

On May 19, 2016, the Company closed on
a Securities Purchase Agreement (the  Purchase Agreement ) for the sale by the Company of 2,836,880 shares of the Company s
common stock at a purchase price of $1.7625 per share and the issuance of warrants to purchase 1,418,440 shares of common stock
at an exercise price of $1.7625 per warrant for gross proceeds of $5.0 million or $4.6 million, net of issuance costs. Additionally,
the Company issued the placement agent warrants to purchase 141,844 shares of common stock to the placement agent for the offering
at an exercise price of $1.7625 per warrant. The warrants are initially exercisable commencing November 19, 2016 through their
expiration date of May 19, 2021. 

On February 18, 2015, the Company closed
an underwritten public offering of 2,070,000 registered shares of its common stock, at a price to the public of $1.75 per share,
and 695,857 registered shares of its $0.01 par Series B Convertible Preferred Stock ( Series B ) at a price to the
public of $8.75 per share. Gross proceeds from the offering were $9.7 million and underwriters  fees and issuance costs totaled
$1.1 million. Thus, the Company generated net proceeds of $8.6 million from the underwritten public offering. 

The Series B was convertible into five
shares of common stock at the option of the holder, subject to certain limitations related to the holder s ownership percentage
of the Company s outstanding common stock. The Series B voted with the common stock on all matters on an as-converted basis,
and had no preference to the common shares in respect of dividends, voting, liquidation or otherwise. 

During 2015, all outstanding shares of
Series B were converted to common stock, including 205,279 shares of Series B which were converted into 1,026,395 shares of common
stock during the nine months ended September 30, 2015. 

3. Capital Stock, Financing and Liquidity (continued)  

Aspire Purchase Agreement   

On December 15, 2015, the Company entered
into a common stock purchase agreement (the  Aspire Purchase Agreement ), with Aspire Capital Fund, LLC, ( Aspire
Capital ), under which Aspire Capital is committed to purchase up to an aggregate of $15.0 million of the Company s
common stock over the approximately 30-month term of the Purchase Agreement. In consideration for entering into the Aspire Purchase
Agreement, concurrently with the execution of the Aspire Purchase Agreement, the Company issued Aspire Capital 150,000 shares of
our common stock as a commitment fee (the  Commitment Shares ). 

Upon execution of the Aspire Purchase Agreement,
the Company sold to Aspire Capital 500,000 shares of common stock at $2.00 per share (the  Initial Purchase Shares ),
which resulted in net proceeds of approximately $0.9 million. Pursuant to the Aspire Purchase Agreement and Registration Rights
Agreement, the Company registered 2,688,933 shares of its common stock. This includes the Commitment Shares and the initial purchase
shares issued to Aspire Capital and 2,038,933 shares of common stock which the Company may issue to Aspire Capital in the future. 

Under the approximately 30-month term of
the Aspire Purchase Agreement, on any trading day on which the closing sale price of the Company s common stock exceeds $0.50,
the Company had the right, in its sole discretion, to direct Aspire Capital to purchase up to 150,000 shares of the Company s
common stock per trading day, at a per share price calculated by reference to the prevailing market price of the Company s
common stock. In addition, the Company had the right, from time to time in its sole discretion, to sell Aspire Capital an amount
of stock equal to up to 30% of the aggregate shares of the Company s common stock traded on the Nasdaq Capital Market on
the next trading day, subject to a maximum number of shares which the Company may determine and a minimum trading price. The purchase
price per purchase share pursuant to such purchase notices were calculated by reference to the prevailing market price of the Company s
common stock. 

There were no trading volume requirements
or restrictions under the Aspire Purchase Agreement, and the Company controlled the timing and amount of any sales of our common
stock to Aspire Capital. There were no monetary penalties for the Company failing to maintain effectiveness of registration. Aspire
Capital had no right to require any sales by the Company, but was obligated to make purchases from us as the Company directs in
accordance with the Aspire Purchase Agreement. There were no limitations on use of proceeds, financial or business covenants, restrictions
on future financings, rights of first refusal, participation rights, penalties or liquidated damages in the Purchase Agreement.
Additionally, Aspire Capital could hedge its position in the Company s common stock. 

On May 12, 2016, the Company issued 150,000
shares of common stock under this arrangement in exchange for gross proceeds of $371 thousand or $349 thousand, net of issuance
costs. 

The Company terminated the Aspire Purchase
Agreement effective as of May 17, 2016. The agreement was terminated by the Company without any penalty or cost to the Company. 

Liquidity   

The Company has incurred substantial operating losses since its inception, and as of September 30, 2016
has an accumulated deficit of approximately $33.0 million. The Company expects
to continue to incur operating losses and negative cash flows from operations in 2016 and in future years. Management believes
that the Company s cash at September 30, 2016 will be sufficient to meet the Company s obligations through December
31, 2016 and into early 2017. These conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going
concern. 

The Company will need to raise additional
funds in future periods to fund its operations. Cash requirements and cash resource needs will vary significantly depending upon
the timing and the financial and other resource needs that will be required to complete ongoing development and pre-clinical and
clinical testing of products as well as regulatory efforts and collaborative arrangements necessary for the Company s products
that are currently under development. The Company will seek to raise necessary funds through a combination of publicly or private
equity offerings, debt financings, other financing mechanisms, or strategic collaborations and licensing arrangements. The Company
may not be able to obtain additional financing on terms favorable to us, if at all. 

The Company s operations will be
adversely affected if it is unable to raise or obtain needed funding and may materially affect the Company s ability to continue
as a going concern. The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue
as a going concern and therefore, the financial statements do not include any adjustments to reflect the possible future effects
on the recoverability and classification of assets or the amount and classifications of liabilities that may result from the outcome
of this uncertainty. 

4. Fair Value Measurements  

Fair value is defined as the exchange price
that would be received for an asset or paid to transfer a liability (an exit price) in the principal or most advantageous market
for the asset or liability in an orderly transaction between market participants on the measurement date. 

During the year ended December 31, 2015, the Company had no assets or liabilities requiring fair
value measurements. As discussed in Note 3, on May 19, 2016, the Company closed on the Purchase Agreement for the sale by the Company
of shares of the Company s common stock and the issuance of warrants to purchase 1,418,440 shares of common stock at an exercise
price of $1.7625 per warrant. Additionally, the Company issued the placement agent warrants to purchase 141,844 shares of Common
Stock at an exercise price of $1.7625 per warrant. The warrants are initially exercisable commencing November 19, 2016 through
their expiration date of May 19, 2021. The liability associated with those warrants was initially recorded at fair value in
the Company s consolidated balance sheet upon issuance, and subsequently re-measured each fiscal quarter. The changes in
the fair value between issuance and September 30, 2016 recorded as a component of other income (expense), net in the consolidated
statement of operations and comprehensive loss. 

The Company utilizes a valuation hierarchy
for disclosure of the inputs to the valuations used to measure fair value. This hierarchy prioritizes the inputs into three broad
levels as follows. Level 1 inputs are quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities. Level 2
inputs are quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets or inputs that are observable for the asset or liability,
either directly or indirectly through market corroboration, for substantially the full term of the financial instrument. Level
3 inputs are unobservable inputs based on the Company s own assumptions used to measure assets and liabilities at fair value.
A financial asset or liability s classification within the hierarchy is determined based on the lowest level input that is
significant to the fair value measurement. 

The Company had no assets or liabilities
classified as Level 1 or Level 2. The Company has concluded that the warrants issued in connection with the Purchase
Agreement, meet the definition of a liability under  ASC 480 Distinguishing liabilities From Equity  and has classified the
liability as Level 3. 

The Company has re-measured the liability
to estimated fair value at September 30, 2016, using the Black-Scholes option pricing model with the following assumptions: 

The following fair value hierarchy table
presents information about the Company s financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis as
of September 30, 2016: 

The following table presents a reconciliation
of the Company s liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis using significant unobservable inputs (Level 3)
for the nine months ended September 30, 2016: 

There were no transfers between Level 1
and Level 2 in any of the periods reported. 

5. Related Party Transactions  

On October 31, 2013, Harvard Bioscience,
Inc. ( Harvard Bioscience ) contributed its regenerative medicine business assets, plus $15 million of cash, into Biostage
(the  Separation ). On November 1, 2013, the spin-off of the Company from Harvard Bioscience was completed. On that
date, the Company became an independent company that operates the regenerative medicine business previously owned by Harvard Bioscience.
The spin-off was completed through the distribution to Harvard Bioscience stockholders of all the shares of common stock of Biostage
(the  Distribution ). 

At the time of the Separation, the Company
entered into a 10-year product distribution agreement with Harvard Bioscience under which each company will become the exclusive
distributor for the other party for products such other party develops for sale in the markets served by the other. In addition,
Harvard Bioscience has agreed that except for certain existing activities of its German subsidiary, to the extent that any Harvard
Bioscience businesses desires to resell or distribute any bioreactor that is then manufactured by the Company, the Company will
be the exclusive manufacturer of such bioreactors and Harvard Bioscience will purchase such bioreactors from the Company. Since
inception of the Company, sales to Harvard Bioscience accounted for 100% of the Company s revenues and receivables. 

From inception through April 17, 2015,
Harvard Bioscience was considered to be a related party to the Company because David Green, the Company s former Chairman
and CEO, was also a director of Harvard Bioscience. After Mr. Green s April 17, 2015 resignation as Chairman and CEO of the
Company, Harvard Bioscience is no longer considered a related party. Mr. Green service on the Company s board of directors
ended on May 26, 2016 but Mr. Green remains a member of the Board of Directors of Harvard Bioscience. Related party rent expenses
with Harvard Bioscience for the period of January 1, 2015 through September 30, 2015, were $51,000. 

During the nine months ended September
30, 2015, the Company recognized $165,000 in recruiting expense related to professional search fees to RobinsonButler, an executive
recruiting consultancy firm where Tom Robinson, a member of the Company s Board of Directors, is a partner. RobinsonButler
was retained by the Company s Board of Directors to complete the search for the Company s CEO and President. 

6. Stock-Based Compensation  

Biostage 2013 Equity Incentive Plan   

The Company maintains the 2013 Equity Incentive
Plan (the  Plan ) for the benefit of certain of its officers, employees, non-employee directors, and other key persons
(including consultants and advisory board members). All options and awards granted under the Plan consist of the Company s
shares of common stock. 

The Company also issued equity awards under
the Plan at the time of the Distribution to all holders of Harvard Bioscience equity awards as part of an adjustment (the  Adjustment )
to prevent a loss of value due to the Distribution. 

Compensation expense recognized under the
Plan relates to service provided by employees, board members and a non-employee of the Company. There was no required compensation
associated with the Adjustment awards to employees who remained at Harvard Bioscience. 

The Company has granted options to purchase
common stock and restricted stock units under the Plan. Stock option activity during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was
as follows: 

6. Stock-Based Compensation (continued)  

The Company uses the Black- Scholes model to value its stock options. Weighted average estimated value
of stock options granted using the Black-Scholes model during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was $1.04. The weighted
average assumptions for valuing those options granted were as follows: 

There was no material restricted stock
unit activity during the nine months ended September 30, 2016. 

The Company recorded total stock-based
compensation during the three and nine months ended September 30 as follows: 

Included in the above table is stock-based
compensation related to the Harvard Bioscience Plan, which is described below. 

Harvard Bioscience Stock Option and Incentive Plan   

Harvard Bioscience maintains the Third
Amended and Restated 2000 Stock Option and Incentive Plan (as amended, the  Harvard Bioscience Plan ) for the benefit
of certain of its officers, directors and employees. In connection with the Separation, those employees of Harvard Bioscience who
became employees of Biostage were allowed to continue vesting in their stock-based awards of stock options and restricted stock
units granted under the Harvard Bioscience Plan. Accordingly, the Company recognizes compensation expense as services are provided
by those employees. 

7. Commitments and Contingencies  

From time to time, the Company may be involved
in various claims and legal proceedings arising in the ordinary course of business. There are no such matters pending that the
Company expects to be material in relation to its business, financial condition, and results of operations or cash flows. 

Item 2.   Management s Discussion and
Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.  

Forward Looking Statements   

This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q contains
statements that are not statements of historical fact and are forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the
Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the  Exchange Act ). The forward-looking
statements are principally, but not exclusively, contained in  Item 2: Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations.  Forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements about management s
confidence or expectations, and our plans, objectives, expectations and intentions that are not historical facts. In some cases,
you can identify forward-looking statements by terms such as  may,   will,   should,   could, 
 would,   expects,   plans,   anticipates,   believes,   goals, 
 sees,   estimates,   projects,   predicts,   intends,   think, 
 potential,   objectives,   optimistic,   strategy,  and similar expressions intended
to identify forward-looking statements. These statements reflect our current views with respect to future events and are based
on assumptions and subject to risks and uncertainties. Given these uncertainties, you should not place undue reliance on these
forward-looking statements. Factors that may cause our actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements
include the success of our collaborations, clinical trials and pre-clinical development efforts and programs, which success may
not be achieved on a timely basis or at all; our ability to obtain and maintain regulatory approval for our implant products, bioreactors,
scaffolds and other devices we pursue, including for the esophagus or airway, which approvals may not be obtained on a timely basis
or at all; our ability to access debt and equity markets and raise additional funds when needed; the number of patients who can
be treated with our products; the amount and timing of costs associated with our development of implant products, bioreactors,
scaffolds and other devices; our failure to comply with regulations and any changes in regulations; unpredictable difficulties
or delays in the development of new technology; our collaborators or other third parties we contract with, including with respect
to conducting any clinical trial or pre-clinical development efforts, not devoting sufficient time and resources to successfully
carry out their duties or meet expected deadlines; our ability to attract and retain qualified personnel and key employees and
retain senior management; potential liability exposure with respect to our products; our inability to operate effectively as a
stand-alone, publicly traded company; the availability and price of acceptable raw materials and components from third-party suppliers;
difficulties in obtaining or retaining the management and other human resource competencies that we need to achieve our business
objectives; increased competition in the field of regenerative medicine and the financial resources of our competitors; our ability
to obtain and maintain intellectual property protection for our device and product candidates; our inability to implement our growth
strategy; plus factors described under the heading  Item 1A. Risk Factors  in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the
year ended December 31, 2015 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the  SEC ) on March 30, 2016 or described
in our other public filings. Our results may also be affected by factors of which we are not currently aware. We may not update
these forward-looking statements, even though our situation may change in the future, unless we have obligations under the federal
securities laws to update and disclose material developments related to previously disclosed information.  

Overview  

We are a biotechnology company developing
bioengineered organ implants based on our novel Cellframe technology. Our Cellframe technology is comprised of a biocompatible
scaffold that is seeded with the recipient s own stem cells. It is being developed to treat life-threatening conditions of
the esophagus, trachea or bronchus with the objective of dramatically improving the treatment paradigm for those patients. 

We believe that our Cellframe technology
will provide surgeons with new ways to address damage to the esophagus, bronchi, and trachea due to cancer, infection, trauma or
congenital abnormalities. Products being developed based on our Cellframe technology for those indications are called Cellspan
products. 

A portion of all patients diagnosed with
esophageal cancer are treated via a surgical procedure known as an esophagectomy. The current standard of care for an esophagectomy
requires a complex surgical procedure that involves moving the patient s stomach or a portion of their colon into the chest
to replace the portion of esophagus resected by the removal of the tumor. These current procedures have high rates of complications,
and can lead to a severely diminished quality of life and require costly ongoing care. Our Cellspan esophageal implants aim to
simplify the procedure, reduce complications, result in a better quality of life and reduce the overall cost of these patients
to the healthcare system. 

We announced favorable preliminary preclinical
results of large-animal studies for the esophagus, trachea and bronchus in November 2015. Based on our preclinical testing to date,
the Cellspan esophageal implant product will be our lead development product. 

In May 2016, we reported an update of recent
results from pre-clinical large-animal studies. We disclosed that the study has demonstrated in a predictive large-animal model
the ability of Biostage Cellspan organ implants to successfully stimulate the regeneration of sections of esophagus that had been
surgically removed for the study. Cellspan esophageal implants, consisting of a proprietary biocompatible synthetic scaffold seeded
with the recipient animal s own stem cells, were surgically implanted in place of the esophagus section that had been removed. 

Study animals were returned to a solid
diet two weeks after implantation surgery. The scaffolds, which are intended to be in place only temporarily, were later retrieved
via the animal s mouth in a non-surgical endoscopic procedure. After 2.5 months, a complete epithelium and other specialized
esophagus tissue layers were fully regenerated. Animals in the study demonstrated weight gain and appear healthy and free of any
significant side effects, including a few that are now more than 120 days post implantation, and are receiving no specialized care. 

In June 2016, we submitted
our application with the U.S. Food and Drug Administration, or the FDA, seeking orphan drug designation for our Cellspan
Esophageal Implants. Orphan drug status would provide market exclusivity in the U.S. for seven years from the date of
the product s approval for marketing. This exclusivity is in addition to any exclusivity we may obtain due to our
patents. Additionally, orphan designation provides a waiver of the BLA application fee of $672,000. We also intend to apply
for orphan drug designation for our Cellspan esophageal implant in Europe in the near term. Orphan drug status in Europe
provides market exclusivity there for ten years from the date of the product s approval for marketing. 

We are now advancing the development of
our Cellframe technology, specifically a Cellspan esophageal implant, in collaborative large-animal studies with collaborators.
We believe that our recent studies provided sufficient data to initiate Good Laboratory Practice (GLP) studies to demonstrate that
our technology, personnel, systems and practices are sufficient for advancing into clinical trials. GLP studies are required to
advance to an Investigational New Drug (IND) application with the FDA, which would seek approval to initiate clinical trials
for Biostage Cellspan esophageal implants in humans. 

In October 2016, we announced a regulatory
update following our planned pre-Investigational New Drug, or IND, meeting with the FDA, for the
advancement of our lead product candidate, Cellspan Esophageal Implant, into human clinical studies. We now expect to file an IND
application with the FDA in the third quarter of 2017 based on our election to extend the duration of our ongoing GLP animal studies
following the feedback provided by the FDA. 

Our products are currently in development
and have not yet received regulatory approval for sale anywhere in the world. 

On May 12, 2016, we issued 150,000 shares
of common stock under the common stock purchase agreement with Aspire Capital Fund, LLC (the  Aspire Purchase Agreement )
in exchange for gross proceeds of $371,000, or $349,000 net of issuance costs. On May 17, 2016, we terminated the Aspire Purchase
Agreement. The Aspire Purchase Agreement was terminated without any penalty or cost to us. 

On May 19, 2016, we closed on a Securities
Purchase Agreement (the  Purchase Agreement ) for the sale of 2,836,880 shares of our common stock at a purchase price
of $1.7625 per share and the issuance of warrants to purchase 1,418,440 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $1.7625
per warrant for gross proceeds of $5.0 million. Additionally, we issued to the placement agent warrants to purchase 141,844 shares
of common stock to the placement agent for the offering at an exercise price of $1.7625 per warrant. The warrants are initially
exercisable commencing November 19, 2016 through their expiration date of May 19, 2021.  

We have incurred substantial operating
losses since our Company s inception, and as of September 30, 2016, we have an accumulated deficit of approximately $33.0
million. We expect to continue to incur operating losses and negative cash flows from operations in 2016 and for the foreseeable
future. We believe that our cash on hand at September 30, 2016 will be sufficient to meet our obligations through December 31,
2016 and into early 2017. We will need to raise additional funds in future periods to fund our operations and we may
seek to raise necessary funds in 2016 and 2017 through a combination of public or private equity offerings, debt financings, other
financing mechanisms or strategic collaborations and licensing arrangements. 

Results of Operations  

Components of Operating Loss   

Research and development expense .
Research and development expense consists of salaries and related expenses, including stock-based compensation, for personnel and
contracted consultants and various materials and other costs to develop our new products, primarily: synthetic organ scaffolds,
including investigation and development of materials and investigation and optimization of cellularization, and 3D organ bioreactors.
Other research and development expenses include the costs of outside service providers and material costs for prototype and test
units and outside laboratories and testing facilities performing cell growth and materials experiments, as well as the costs of
all other preclinical research and testing including animal studies and expenses related to potential patents. We expense research
and development costs as incurred. 

Selling, general and administrative
expense . Selling, general and administrative expense consists primarily of salaries and other related expenses, including stock-based
compensation, for personnel in executive, accounting, information technology and human resources roles. Other costs include professional
fees for legal and accounting services, insurance, investor relations and facility costs. Our sales and marketing expenses included
salaries and related expenses, including stock-based compensation, for personnel performing sales, marketing, and business development
roles through December 31, 2015. In 2016, we expect our sales and marketing expenses to be immaterial given our focus on research
and development and moving toward submission of an Investigational New Drug application, or IND. 

Changes in fair value of warrant liability,
net of issuance costs.  Changes in fair value of warrant liability, net of issuance costs, represent the change in the fair
value of common stock warrants from the date of issuance to the end of the reporting period during the three and nine months ended
September 30, 2016 and in subsequent quarterly periods, the change in the fair value of common stock warrants from the date of
between each reporting period until the liability is settled. We use the Black-Scholes pricing model to value the related warrant
liability. The costs associated with the issuance of the warrants have been recorded as an expense upon issuance. 

Comparison of the three months ended September 30, 2016 to
the three months ended September 30, 2015  

Research and Development Expense   

Research and development expense increased
$0.9 million, to $2.2 million or 75.3% for the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to $1.3 million for the three months
ended September 30, 2015. The increase was primarily due to increased spending on preclinical studies of $0.5 million, outsourced
laboratory services of $0.1 million and payroll-related and other expenses totaling $0.3 million. 

Selling, General and Administrative Expense   

Selling, general and administrative expense decreased $0.1 million, or 10.1% to $0.9 million for the three
months ended September 30, 2016 compared with $1.0 million for the three months ended September 30, 2015, primarily due to lower
sales and marketing compensation costs. 

Change in fair value of warrant liability, net of issuance
costs   

The fair value of the warrant liability
decreased $0.1 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to its fair value at June 30, 2016. 

Comparison of the nine months ended September 30, 2016 to
the nine months ended September 30, 2015  

Research and Development Expense   

Research and development expense increased $1.8 million, to $5.3 million, or 50.7%, for the nine months
ended September 30, 2016 compared to $3.5 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The increase was primarily due
to increased spending on preclinical studies of $1.0 million, laboratory services and consulting of $0.3 million, $0.1 million
for laboratory supplies and $0.4 million of other research and development expenses. 

Selling, General and Administrative Expense   

Selling, general and administrative expense decreased $2.7 million, or 45.3% to $3.3 million for the nine
months ended September 30, 2016 compared with $6.0 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The decrease was due to
a $2.6 million decrease in stock-based compensation costs, related primarily to the departure of our former Chairman and CEO in
April 2015. 

Change in fair value of warrant liability, net of issuance
costs   

The fair value of the warrant liability
decreased $0.4 million, or $0.3 million net of issuance costs of $0.1 million, for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, after
being initially recorded at $1.3 million in connection with our sale of securities in May 2016. 

Financial Condition, Liquidity and Capital Resources  

Sources of liquidity.   We have
incurred operating losses since inception, and as of September 30, 2016, we had an accumulated deficit of approximately $33.0 million.
We are currently investing significant resources in the development and commercialization of our products for use by clinicians
and researchers in the field of regenerative medicine. As a result, we expect to incur operating losses and negative operating
cash flow for the foreseeable future. 

We believe that our
cash at September 30, 2016 will be sufficient to meet our obligations through December 31, 2016 and into early 2017. 

We will need to raise additional funds
in future periods to fund our operations. Cash requirements and cash resource needs will vary significantly depending upon the
timing and the financial and other resource needs that will be required to complete ongoing development and pre-clinical and clinical
testing of products as well as regulatory efforts and collaborative arrangements necessary for our products that are currently
under development. We will seek to raise necessary funds through a combination of public or private equity offerings, debt financings,
other financing mechanisms, or strategic collaborations and licensing arrangements. We may not be able to obtain additional financing
on terms favorable to us, if at all. 

Operating activities.   Net
cash used in operating activities of $6.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was primarily a result of our $8.2
million net loss offset by $1.0 million of cash provided by working capital and $1.1 million add-back of non-cash expenses of stock-based
compensation and depreciation, net of a favorable change in the fair value of warrant liability. 

Net cash used in operating activities of
$5.6 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015 reflected our $9.4 million net loss and $0.1 million of cash used for
working capital offset by a $3.6 million add-back of non-cash stock-based compensation expense and a $0.3 million add-back for
depreciation. 

Investing activities .  Net
cash used in investing activities during each of the nine month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 of $0.2 million reflects
cash used for additions to property, plant and equipment. 

Financing activities . Net cash generated
from financing activities during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 of $5.0 million consisted of the net proceeds in the
amount of $4.5 million from the issuance of 2,836,880 shares of the Company s common stock at a purchase price of $1.7625
per share and the issuance of warrants to purchase 1,418,440 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $1.7625 per warrant,
as well as net proceeds in the amount of $0.4 million from the issuance of 150,000 shares of common stock under the Aspire Purchase
Agreement. 

Net cash generated from financing activities
during the nine months ended September 30, 2015 of $8.7 million consisted of the net proceeds from the issuance of convertible
preferred stock and shares of our common stock. 

Recent Authoritative Accounting Guidance  

In August 2014, the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-15,
   Disclosure of Uncertainties about an Entity s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern,    to provide
guidance on management s responsibility in evaluating whether there is substantial doubt about a company s ability
to continue as a going concern and to provide related footnote disclosures. This update is effective for annual periods ending
after December 15, 2016, and interim periods within annual periods beginning after December 15, 2016. Early application
is permitted for annual or interim reporting periods for which the financial statements have not previously been issued. The Company
has not adopted ASU 2014-15 and we do not expect the adoption to have a significant impact on our consolidated financial statements
or related disclosures. 

In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU,
2016-02,  Leases (Topic 842) . ASU 2016-02 requires companies to recognize on the balance sheet the assets and liabilities
for the rights and obligations created by leased assets. ASU 2016-02 will be effective for us in the first quarter of 2019, with
early adoption permitted. We are currently evaluating the impact that the adoption of ASU 2016-02 will have our consolidated financial
statements or related disclosures. 

In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-09,  Stock Compensation - Improvements to Employee Share-Based
Payment Accounting,  ( ASU 2016-09 ), which simplifies several aspects of the accounting for share-based payment
transactions, including the income tax consequences, classification of awards as either equity or liabilities, classification on
the statement of cash flows and policy elections on the impact for forfeitures. ASU 2016-09 is effective for fiscal years beginning
after December 15, 2017 and interim periods within annual periods beginning after December 15, 2018. The Company has not adopted
ASU 2016-09 and we do not expect the adoption to have a significant impact on our consolidated financial statements or related
disclosures. 

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates  

The critical accounting policies and estimates
underlying the accompanying unaudited consolidated financial statements are those set forth in Part II, Item 7 included in our
Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015, which was filed with the SEC on March 30, 2016, and additionally
the following accounting policy for warrants. 

Warrant Accounting  

The Company classifies a warrant to purchase
shares of its common stock as a liability on its consolidated balance sheets as this warrant is a free-standing financial instrument
that may require the Company to transfer consideration upon exercise. The warrant was initially recorded at fair value on date
of grant using the Black-Scholes model and net of issuance costs, and it is subsequently re-measured to fair value at each subsequent
balance sheet date. Changes in fair value of the warrant are recognized as a component of other income (expense), net in the consolidated
statement of operations and comprehensive loss. The Company will continue to adjust the liability for changes in fair value until
the earlier of the exercise or expiration of the warrant. 

Item 3.      Quantitative and
Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk.  

We do not have any material foreign currency
exchange risks, we do not enter into derivative agreements, we do not have any off balance-sheet arrangements, and we do not have
any interest rate risks. Additionally, we have no debt outstanding. 

Item 4.      Controls and Procedures.  

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures   

As required by Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)
under the Exchange Act, our management, under the supervision and with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief
Financial Officer, conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures
as of September 30, 2016.   Based upon the evaluation described above, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer
have concluded that they believe that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of the end of the period covered
by this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting   

During the period covered by this report,
we have concluded that there were no changes during the fiscal quarter in our internal control over financial reporting, as defined
in Rule 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act, which have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially
affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

PART II. OTHER INFORMATION  

Item 1A.      Risk Factors  

To our knowledge and except to the extent
additional factual information disclosed in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q relates to such risk factors, there have been no
material changes in the risk factors described in  Item 1A. Risk Factors  in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the
year ended December 31, 2015, which was filed with the SEC on March 30, 2016. 

Item 2.     Unregistered Sales of
Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds  

On February 18, 2015, we closed our public
offering of 2,070,000 shares of common stock, including 270,000 shares of common stock issued (the  Offering ) pursuant
to the full exercise of the overallotment option granted to the underwriters, and 695,857 shares of Series B Convertible Preferred
Stock ( Series B ). At the option of the holder, the Series B was convertible into five shares of our common stock
subject to certain limitations related to the holder s ownership percentage of the Company s outstanding common stock,
and would vote with the common stock on all matters on an as converted basis. The Series B had no preference to our common shares
in respect of dividends, voting, liquidation or otherwise. The offer and sale of all of the shares in the Offering were registered
under the Securities Act pursuant to a shelf registration statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-200926), which was declared
effective by the SEC on December 29, 2014. National Securities Corporation and Summer Street Research Partners acted as the underwriters.
The public offering price of the shares of common stock sold in the Offering was $1.75 per share and the public offering price
of the shares of Series B sold in the Offering was $8.75 per share. The total gross proceeds from the Offering to us were approximately
$9.7 million. After deducting underwriting discounts and commissions of $776,900 and offering expenses payable by us of $340,000
(which included $35,000 of expenses we reimbursed of certain institutional investors who purchased Series B shares in the Offering),
we received net proceeds of approximately $8.6 million. 

Following the consummation of the Offering payments were made in the ordinary course of business to officers
for salaries. No other payments were made by us to directors, officers or persons owning ten percent or more of our common stock
or to their associates, or to our affiliates. Through September 30, 2016, we had used all $8.6 million of the net proceeds of the
Offering, of which we used approximately $4.8 million for research and development, including funding preclinical efforts relating
to bioengineered organs, approximately $3.5 million to fund selling, general and administrative costs of operations and $0.3 million
to purchase and install laboratory equipment. 

Item 6.     Exhibits  

+ 
     Filed herewith.  

* 
     This certification shall not be deemed  filed  for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, or otherwise subject to the liability of that section, nor shall it be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act of 1933 or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.  

SIGNATURES  

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

Date: November 10, 2016 

BIOSTAGE, INC.   

By: 
     /s/ James McGorry  

James McGorry   

President and Chief Executive Officer   

By: 
     /s/ Thomas McNaughton  

Thomas McNaughton   

Chief Financial Officer   

INDEX TO EXHIBITS   

+ 
     Filed herewith.  

* 
     This certification shall not be deemed  filed  for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, or otherwise subject to the liability of that section, nor shall it be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act of 1933 or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.  

<EX-31.1>
 2
 v452040_ex31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 31.1  

Certification 

 I, Thomas McNaughton, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Biostage,
Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances
under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other
financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations
and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I
are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e)
and 15d-15(e)), and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the
registrant and have: 

a. Designed such disclosure controls and
procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information
relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly
during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. Designed such internal control over
financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide
reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s
disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls
and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d. Disclosed in this report any change
in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal
quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably
likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I
have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors
and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a. All significant deficiencies and material
weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect
the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. Any fraud, whether or not material,
that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial
reporting. 

Date: November 10, 2016 

/s/ Thomas McNaughton  

Thomas McNaughton  

Chief Financial Officer  

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 v452040_ex31-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 31.2  

Certification 

 I, James McGorry, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Biostage,
Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances
under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other
financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations
and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I
are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e)
and 15d-15(e)), and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the
registrant and have: 

a. Designed such disclosure controls and
procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information
relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly
during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. Designed such internal control over
financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide
reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s
disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls
and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d. Disclosed in this report any change
in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal
quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably
likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I
have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors
and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a. All significant deficiencies and material
weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect
the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. Any fraud, whether or not material,
that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial
reporting. 

Date: November 10, 2016 

/s/ James McGorry  

James McGorry  

President and Chief Executive Officer  

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 v452040_ex32-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 32.1  

  CERTIFICATION OF PERIODIC FINANCIAL REPORT  

  PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350  

The undersigned officer of Biostage, Inc.
(the  Company ) hereby certifies to his knowledge that the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly
period ended September 30, 2016 (the  Report ) to which this certification is being furnished as an exhibit, as filed
with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof, fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d),
as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act ), and that the information contained
in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. This
certification is provided solely pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 and Item 601(b)(32) of Regulation S-K ( Item
601(b)(32) ) promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the  Securities Act ), and the Exchange
Act. In accordance with clause (ii) of Item 601(b) (32), this certification (A) shall not be deemed  filed 
for purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange Act, or otherwise subject to the liability of that section, and (B) shall
not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act, except to the extent
that the Company specifically incorporates it by reference. 

Date: November 10, 2016 

/s/ Thomas McNaughton  

Name: 
     Thomas McNaughton  

Title: 
     Chief Financial Officer  

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 v452040_ex32-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

Exhibit 32.2  

  CERTIFICATION OF PERIODIC FINANCIAL REPORT  

  PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350  

The undersigned officer of Biostage, Inc.
(the  Company ) hereby certifies to his knowledge that the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly
period ended September 30, 2016 (the  Report ) to which this certification is being furnished as an exhibit, as filed
with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof, fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d),
as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act ), and that the information contained
in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. This
certification is provided solely pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 and Item 601(b)(32) of Regulation S-K ( Item
601(b)(32) ) promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the  Securities Act ), and the Exchange
Act. In accordance with clause (ii) of Item 601(b) (32), this certification (A) shall not be deemed  filed 
for purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange Act, or otherwise subject to the liability of that section, and (B) shall
not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act, except to the extent
that the Company specifically incorporates it by reference. 

Date: November 10, 2016 

/s/ James McGorry  

Name: 
     James McGorry  

Title: 
     President and Chief Executive Officer  

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 bstg-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 bstg-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 bstg-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 bstg-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 bstg-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 bstg-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

