<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161114_10-Q_edgar_data_1611852_0001213900-16-018511_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>7146216</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>172253</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>634332</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1538566</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2973480</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1693598</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>94</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-16-018511.hdr.sgml : 20161111
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161114172924
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-16-018511
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		116
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161114
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161114

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			China Lending Corp
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001611852
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	MISCELLANEOUS BUSINESS CREDIT INSTITUTION [6159]
		IRS NUMBER:				981192662
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-36664
		FILM NUMBER:		161996136

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		11TH FLR SATELLITE BLDG 473 SATELLITE RD
		STREET 2:		ECONOMIC TECHNOLOGICAL DEVELOPMENT ZONE
		CITY:			URUMQI, XINJIANG
		STATE:			F4
		ZIP:			830000
		BUSINESS PHONE:		86 991-3072247

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		11TH FLR SATELLITE BLDG 473 SATELLITE RD
		STREET 2:		ECONOMIC TECHNOLOGICAL DEVELOPMENT ZONE
		CITY:			URUMQI, XINJIANG
		STATE:			F4
		ZIP:			830000

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	DT Asia Investments Ltd
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20140625

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-16-018511.txt : 20161114

10-Q
 1
 f10q0916_chinalendingcorp.htm
 QUARTERLY REPORT

UNITED
STATES   

   SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION   

   WASHINGTON,
D.C. 20549   

FORM
10-Q   

Quarterly
Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934   

For
the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016  

or  

Transition
Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934   

For
the transition period from ___________to ___________.  

Commission
File Number: 001-36664  

CHINA
LENDING CORPORATION   

  (Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter)  

British
    Virgin Islands   
         
       98-1192662    
 
      (State
    or Other Jurisdiction of  
         
      (I.R.S.
    Employer   
 
      Incorporation
    or Organization)  
         
      Identification
    No.)   

11 th
 Floor, Satellite Building   

   473
Satellite Road   

   Economic
Technological Development Zone   

   Urumqi,
Xinjiang, China   

   (Address
of Principal Executive Offices including zip code)   

+86
991-3072247   

   (Registrant s
Telephone Number, Including Area Code)   

Indicate
by check mark whether the Registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act
during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has
been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes      No     

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every, Interactive
Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the
preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes      No     

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer or a smaller reporting
company  

Large
Accelerated Filer     
      Accelerated
Filer     
      Non-Accelerated
Filer     
       Smaller
reporting company       

(Do
    not check if a smaller reporting company)  

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act).
Yes      No     

The
Registrant had 22,898,868 ordinary shares and 9,280,323 warrants outstanding on November 14, 2016.  

CHINA
LENDING CORPORATION   

   TABLE
OF CONTENTS   

PART
    I: FINANCIAL INFORMATION  
      3   
 
      Item
    1   Interim Financial Statements  
     3  
 
      Item
    2   Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  
     4  
 
      Item
    3   Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk  
     18    
 
      Item
    4   Controls and Procedures  
      18   
 
      PART
    II: OTHER INFORMATION  
      19   
 
      Item
    1   Legal Proceedings  
      19   
 
      Item
    1A   Risk Factors  
     19  
 
      Item
    2   Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use Of Proceeds  
     19  
 
      Item
    3   Defaults Upon Senior Securities  
     19  
 
      Item
    4   Mine Safety Disclosures  
     19  
 
      Item
    5   Other Information  
     19  
 
      Item
    6   Exhibits  
     19  
 
      Signatures  
     20  

PART
I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION   

Item
1. Interim Financial Statements   

TABLE
OF CONTENTS   

china
lending corporation    

   consolidated
Balance Sheets   

See
notes to the unaudited consolidated financial statements.   

china
lending corporation    

   CONSOLIDATED
Statements of OPERATIONS and Comprehensive Income   

See
notes to the unaudited consolidated financial statements   

china
lending corporation    

   CONSOLIDATED
Statements of CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS  EquitY   

See
notes to the unaudited consolidated financial statements   

china
lending corporation    

   CONSOLIDATED
Statements of Cash Flows   

See
notes to the unaudited consolidated financial statements   

CHINA
LENDING CORPORATION   

   NOTES
TO THE UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   

   September
30, 2016   

1.
ORGANIZATION AND PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES   

China lending corporation( f.k.s  DT Asia )
 was a blank check company incorporated on April 8, 2014, under the laws of the British Virgin Islands for the purpose of
acquiring, engaging in a share exchange, share reconstruction and amalgamation, purchasing all or substantially all of the assets
of, entering into contractual arrangements, or engaging in any other similar business combination with one or more businesses or
entities (an  Initial Business Combination ). 

On July 6, 2016, the Company consummated the Initial
Business Combination with Adrie Global Holdings Limited ( Adrie ) and its subsidiaries and variable interest entity
by acquiring from the shareholders of Adrie, all outstanding interests of Adrie and issued 20 million ordinary shares for a purchase
price of $200 million, with 8 million of such shares (the  Escrow Shares ) being held in escrow and subject to forfeiture
(1) should the post-combination Company fail to meet certain minimum financial performance targets, or (2) as a result of indemnification
claims by DT Asia Investments Limited. One-third of the Escrow Shares shall be released upon the post-combination Company obtaining
certain specified adjusted consolidated net income targets in each of the calendar years 2016, 2017 and 2018. 

The
transaction was accounted for as a  reverse acquisition  since, immediately following completion of the transaction,
the shareholders of Adrie effectuated control of the post-combination Company. For accounting purposes, Adrie was deemed to
be the accounting acquirer in the transaction and, consequently, the transaction is treated as a recapitalization of Adrie (i.e.,
a capital transaction involving the issuance of shares by the Company for the shares of Adrie). Accordingly, the consolidated
assets, liabilities and results of operations of Adrie became the historical financial statements of China Lending Corporation
and its subsidiaries, and the Company s assets, liabilities and results of operations were consolidated with Adrie beginning
on the acquisition date. No step-up in basis or intangible assets or goodwill were recorded in this transaction.  

After
the business acquisition, DT Asia was renamed as China Lending Corporation.  

China
Lending Corporation (formerly known as DT Asia) (the  Company ,  we ,  us  and  our )
changed its fiscal year from March 31 to December 31.  

Adrie was incorporated under the laws of British Virgin
Islands on November 19, 2015. The Company, through its subsidiaries and variable interest entity ( VIE ) engages  in
the business of providing loan facilities to micro, small and medium sized enterprises and sole proprietors in Xinjiang Uyghur
Autonomous Region ( Xinjiang Province ) of the People s Republic of China ( PRC ). 

On
February 11, 2015, Adrie incorporated China Feng Hui Financial Holding Group Co., Limited ( Feng Hui Holding ) in Hong
Kong with registered capital of HKD 1. Feng Hui Holding operates through two wholly-owned subsidiaries: Xinjiang Feng Hui Jing
Kai Direct Lending Limited ( Jing Kai ) and Feng Hui Ding Xin (Beijing) Financial Consulting Co., Limited ( Ding
Xin ).  

On
May 14, 2015, Feng Hui Holdings established Jing Kai under the laws of the PRC with registered capital of $80,000,000. Feng Hui
Holding has no operations of its own to date.  

On
May 20, 2015, Feng Hui Holding established Ding Xin with registered capital of $1,000,000. Ding Xin is engaged in the business
of financial consulting services.  

CHINA
LENDING CORPORATION   

   NOTES
TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   

   September
30, 2016   

Urumqi
Feng Hui Direct Lending Limited ( Feng Hui ) is a company established under the laws of the PRC on June 12, 2009,
and its investors as of September 30, 2016 consisted of nine PRC companies and seven PRC individuals. Feng Hui is a microcredit
company primarily engaged in providing direct loan services to small-to-medium sized enterprises, farmers and individuals in Xinjiang
Province, PRC.  

In
accordance with US GAAP, the primary beneficiary of a VIE is the variable interest holder (e.g., a contractual counterparty or
capital provider) deemed to have the controlling financial interest(s) in the VIE. The primary beneficiary is the reporting entity
(or member of a related party group) that has both of the following characteristics:  

a)
The power to direct the activities that most significantly impact the VIE s economic performance; and  

  b)
The obligation to absorb losses or the right to receive benefits that could potentially be significant to the VIE.  

Currently,
Feng Hui is consolidated as a VIE of Ding Xin by a series of VIE Agreements with Ding Xin.  

Contractual
Arrangements between Ding Xin, Feng Hui, and Feng Hui s Shareholders   

On
July 16, 2015, Ding Xin, Feng Hui and/or Feng Hui s shareholders have executed the following agreements and instruments,
pursuant to which China Lending Group, through its subsidiary Ding Xin, controls Feng Hui: Share Pledge Agreement, Exclusive Business
Cooperation Agreement, Exclusive Option Agreement and Power of Attorney ( VIE Agreements ). Each of the VIE Agreements
is described below, and became effective upon their execution therein.  

Exclusive
Business Cooperation Agreement    

Pursuant
to the Exclusive Business Cooperation Agreement between Feng Hui and Ding Xin, Ding Xin provides Feng Hui with comprehensive business
support, technical services and consulting services relating to its day-to-day business operations and management, on an exclusive
basis.  

For
services rendered to Feng Hui by Ding Xin under this agreement, Ding Xin is entitled to collect a service fee calculated based
on the complexity, required time, contents and commercial value of the consulting services provided by Ding Xin. Ding Xin will
calculate and sum up the service fees and correspondingly issue a notice to Feng Hui. Feng Hui will pay such service fees to the
bank accounts as designated by Ding Xin within 10 working days from the receipt of such notice.  

The
Exclusive Business Cooperation Agreement shall remain in effect for five years unless it is terminated by Ding Xin at its discretion
with 30-days prior notice. Feng Hui does not have the right to terminate the Exclusive Business Cooperation Agreement unilaterally.
Ding Xin may at its discretion unilaterally extend the term of the Exclusive Business Cooperation Agreement. This agreement grants
Ding Xin the position as the primary beneficiary who is entitled to absorb losses or to receive benefits that could potentially
be significant to Feng Hui.  

Share
Pledge Agreement    

Under
the Share Pledge Agreement between the Feng Hui shareholders and Ding Xin, the 16 Feng Hui shareholders pledged all of their equity
interests in Feng Hui to Ding Xin to guarantee the secured indebtedness caused by failure of performance of Feng Hui s and
the Feng Hui shareholders  obligations under the Exclusive Business Cooperation Agreement, Exclusive Option Agreement and
Power of Attorney. Under the terms of the Share Pledge Agreement, any dividend or bonus received by Feng Hui in respect of the
Pledged Equity shall be deposited into an account designated by Ding Xin. The Feng Hui shareholders also agreed that upon occurrence
of any event of default, as set forth in the Share Pledge Agreement, Ding Xin is entitled to dispose of the pledged equity interest
in accordance with applicable PRC laws. The Feng Hui shareholders further agreed not to dispose of the pledged equity interests
or take any actions that would prejudice Ding Xin s interest.  

The
Share Pledge Agreement shall be effective until all obligations under the other VIE Agreements have been performed by Feng Hui,
when the VIE Agreements are terminated or when the secured indebtedness has been satisfied in full. Under the terms of the agreement,
in the event that Feng Hui or its investors breach their respective contractual obligations under the Exclusive Business Cooperation
Agreement, Ding Xin, as pledgee, will be entitled to certain rights, including, but not limited to, the right to collect dividends
generated by the pledged equity interests and absorbs expected losses. This agreement grants Ding Xin the position as the primary
beneficiary who is entitled to absorb losses or to receive benefits that could potentially be significant to Feng Hui.  

Risks in relation to the VIE structure   

There are no consolidated VIEs 
assets that are collateral for the VIEs  obligations and can only be used to settle the VIEs  obligations. There are
no creditors (or beneficial interest holders) of the VIEs that have recourse to the general credit of the Company or any of its
consolidated subsidiaries. Conversely, liabilities recognized as a result of consolidating this VIE do not have any recourse on
the Company s general assets. There are no terms in any arrangements, considering both explicit arrangements and implicit
variable interests, which require the Company or its subsidiaries to provide financial support to the VIEs.     

CHINA
LENDING CORPORATION   

   NOTES
TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   

   September
30, 2016   

Exclusive
Option Agreement    

Under
the Exclusive Option Agreement, the Feng Hui shareholders irrevocably granted Ding Xin (or its designee) an exclusive option to
purchase, to the extent permitted under PRC law, once or at multiple times, at any time, part or all of their equity interests
in Feng Hui. The option price is equal to the lowest price permissible by PRC laws.  

The
Exclusive Option Agreement will remain effective for a term of five years and may be renewed at Ding Xin s discretion.  

Power
of Attorney    

Under
the Power of Attorney, each Feng Hui shareholder authorized Ding Xin to act on the shareholder s behalf as his, her or its
exclusive agent and attorney with respect to all rights as a shareholder of Feng Hui, under PRC laws and the Articles of Association
of Feng Hui, including but not limited to attending shareholder meetings and voting to approve the sale or transfer or pledge
or disposition of shares in part or in whole or to designate and appoint the legal representative, directors, and supervisors
of Feng Hui. When Ding Xin executes such shareholders  rights, it should obtain all the current Ding Xin directors 
approval by the resolution of board of directors.  

The
Power of Attorney shall be continuously valid with respect to each Feng Hui shareholder from the date of execution of the Power
of Attorney, so long as such Feng Hui shareholder is a shareholder of Feng Hui. Ding Xin is entitled to terminate the Power of
Attorney unilaterally at its discretion by the written notice to Feng Hui.  

The
effective period of the VIE agreements is from July 16, 2015 to July 15, 2020. The VIE agreements can be renewed by written confirmation
by Ding Xin to Feng Hui before their expiration. The extension length can be decided by Ding Xin solely. Once renewed, all the
aforesaid agreed terms shall be unconditionally accepted by Feng Hui. Each VIE agreement can only be terminated if all parties
thereto agree in writing to terminate the VIE agreement or if Ding Xin delivers to Feng Hui a notice of termination at least 30
days in advance of the termination effective date. Feng Hui has no right to terminate the VIE agreements unilaterally. Under this
agreement, Ding Xin processes the power to direct the activities that most significantly impact the Feng Hui s economic
performance.  

Upon
a series of VIE Agreements, currently, substantially all of China Lending s consolidated assets are held, and its consolidated
revenues and income are generated, by Feng Hui, its consolidated variable interest entity that is controlled by contractual
arrangements. Feng Hui is based in Urumqi, the capital city and business hub of Xinjiang Province, and most of Feng
Hui s lending activities are to enterprises and individual proprietors based there. The consolidated VIE s assets
may be used as collateral for the VIE's obligation and the creditors of consolidated VIE have no recourse to the general credit
of the primary beneficiary.  

CHINA
LENDING CORPORATION   

   NOTES
TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   

   September
30, 2016   

As
of September 30, 2016, the group structure of the Company is as follow:  

Unaudited
consolidated financial statements as of and for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 included China Lending Corporation, Adrie,
Feng Hui Holding, Jin Kai, Ding Xin and Feng Hui. The unaudited balance sheets as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015,
and the unaudited statements of income and comprehensive income, and cash flows for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and
2015 were retrospectively adjusted to furnish comparative information, and included Feng Hui Holding, Jin Kai, Ding Xin and Feng
Hui. Adrie recognized the acquired entities  assets and liabilities at their carrying amounts in the accounts of the acquired
entities at the date of the capital transaction under common control. After the completion of the capital transactions, the group
mainly conducts business through Feng Hui.  

Emerging
Growth Company   

Section
102(b)(1) of the JOBS Act exempts emerging growth companies from being required to comply with new or revised financial accounting
standards until private companies (that is, those that have not had a Securities Act registration statement declared effective
or do not have a class of securities registered under the Exchange Act) are required to comply with the new or revised financial
accounting standards. The JOBS Act provides that a Company can elect to opt out of the extended transition period and comply with
the requirements that apply to non-emerging growth companies but any such election to opt out is irrevocable. The Company has
elected not to opt out of such extended transition period which means that when a standard is issued or revised and it has different
application dates for public or private companies, the Company, as an emerging growth Company, can adopt the new or revised standard
at the time private companies adopt the new or revised standard.  

CHINA
LENDING CORPORATION   

   NOTES
TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   

   September
30, 2016   

2.
Summary of Significant Accounting Policies   

Basis
of presentation    

The
unaudited interim consolidated financial statements of the Company and its subsidiaries and VIE are prepared and presented in
accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States ( U.S. GAAP ) and pursuant to the rules
and regulations of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ).  

The
interim financial information as of September 30, 2016 and for nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 have been prepared
without audit, pursuant to the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission (the  SEC ) and pursuant
to Regulation S-X. Certain information and footnote disclosures, which are normally included in annual financial statements prepared
in accordance with U.S. GAAP, have been omitted pursuant to those rules and regulations. The interim consolidated financial information
should be read in conjunction with the financial statements and the notes thereto, included in the Company s audited financial
statements for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015.  

In
the opinion of management, all adjustments (which include normal recurring adjustments) necessary to present a fair presentation
of the Company s financial position as of September 30, 2016, its results of operations and its cash flows for the nine
months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, as applicable, have been made. The unaudited interim results of operations are not necessarily
indicative of the operating results for the full fiscal year or any future periods.  

The
unaudited interim consolidated financial statements include the financial statements of the Company, its VIE and subsidiaries,
including the wholly-foreign owned enterprises ( WFOEs ).  

All
significant inter-company transactions and balances have been eliminated upon consolidation.  

Cash
and cash equivalents    

Cash
and cash equivalents consist of bank deposits with original maturities of three months or less, which are unrestricted as to withdrawal
and use the Company maintained accounts at banks. Financial instruments that potentially subject the Company to concentrations
of credit risk consist of cash accounts in a financial institution, which at times, may exceed the U.S. Federal depository insurance
coverage of $250,000, or other limits of protection if held in financial institutions outside of the U.S., such as Government
securities coverage of HK$500,000. The Company has not experienced losses on these accounts and management believes the Company
is not exposed to significant risks on such accounts.  

Loans
receivable, net    

Loans
receivable primarily represent loan amount due from customers. Loans receivable are recorded at unpaid principal balances and
net of an allowance that reflects the Company s best estimate of the amounts that will not be collected. The loans receivable
portfolio consists of business loans and personal loans (See Note 4).  

Allowance
for loan losses    

The
allowance for loan losses is increased by charges to income and decreased by charge offs (net of recoveries). Recoveries represent
subsequent collection of amounts previously charged-off. The increase in allowance for loan losses is the netting effect of  reversal 
and  provision  for both business and personal loans. If the ending balance of the allowance for loan losses after
any charge offs (net of recoveries) is less than the beginning balance, it will be recorded as a  reversal  if it
is larger, it will be recorded as a  provision  in the allowance for loan loss. The netting amount of the  reversal 
and the  provision  is presented in the statements of income and comprehensive income  

The allowance consists of specific and general components.
The specific component consists of the amount of impairment related to loans that have been evaluated on an individual basis, and
the general component consists of the amount of impairment related to loans that have been evaluated on a collective basis. Loans
are considered impaired when, based on current information and events, it is probable that the Company will be unable to collect
all amounts when due according to the contractual terms of the loan agreement. Loans for which the terms have been modified resulting
in a concession, and for which the borrower is experiencing financial difficulties, are considered troubled debt restructurings
( TDRs ). 

The Company recognizes a charge-off
when management determines that full repayment of a loan is not probable. The primary factor in making that determination is the
potential outcome of a lawsuit against the delinquent debtor. The Company will recognize a charge-off when the Company loses contact
with the delinquent borrower for more than nine months or when the court rules against the Company to seize the collateral asset
of the delinquent debt from either the guarantor or borrower. In addition, when the recoverability of the delinquent debt is highly
unlikely, the senior management team will go through a stringent procedure to approve a charge-off. Management estimates the allowance
balance required using past loan loss experience, the nature and volume of the portfolio, information about specific borrower situations
and estimated collateral values, economic conditions, and other factors. Allocations of the allowance may be made for specific
loans, but the entire allowance is available for any loan that, in management s judgment, should be charged-off. 

CHINA
LENDING CORPORATION   

   NOTES
TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   

   September
30, 2016   

The
allowance for loan losses is maintained at a level believed to be reasonable by management to absorb probable losses inherent
in the portfolio as of each balance sheet date. The allowance is based on factors such as the size and current risk characteristics
of the portfolio, an assessment of individual loans and actual loss, delinquency, and/or risk rating record within the portfolio
(Note 5). The Company evaluates its allowance for loan losses on a quarterly basis or more often as necessary.  

Interest
and fee receivable    

Interest
and fee receivable are accrued and credited to income as earned but not received. The Company determines a loan past due status
by the number of days that have elapsed since a borrower has failed to make a contractual interest or principal payment. Accrual
of interest is generally discontinued when either (i) reasonable doubt exists as to the full, timely collection of interest or
principal or (ii) when a loan interest or principal becomes past due by more than 90 days. Additionally, any previously accrued
but uncollected interest is reversed. Subsequent recognition of income occurs only to the extent payment is received, subject
to management s assessment of the collectability of the remaining interest and principal. Loans are generally restored to
an accrual status when it is no longer delinquent and collectability of interest and principal is no longer in doubt and past
due interest is recognized at that time.  

Cost
method investment    

In accordance with Financial
Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ) Accounting Standards Codification ( ASC ) Subtopic 325-20,  Investments-Other:
Cost Method Investments  ( ASC 325-20 ), the Company carries the cost method investments at cost and only adjusts
for other-than-temporary impairment and distributions of earnings. Management regularly evaluates the investment for  impairment
based on performance and financial position of the investee as well as other evidence of market value. Such evaluation includes,
but is not limited to, reviewing the investee s cash position, recent financing, projected and historical financial performance,
cash flow forecasts and financing needs. 

Property
and equipment    

The
property and equipment are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation. The depreciation is computed on the straight-line method
over the estimated useful lives of the assets. Estimated useful lives of property and equipment are stated in Note 10.  

The
Company eliminates the cost and related accumulated depreciation of assets sold or otherwise retired from the accounts and includes
any gain or loss in the statement of income. The Company charges maintenance, repairs and minor renewals directly to expenses
as incurred; major additions and betterment to equipment are capitalized.  

Impairment
of long-lived assets    

The
Company applies the provisions of ASC No. 360 Subtopic 10,  Impairment or Disposal of Long-Lived Assets  ( ASC
360-10 ) issued by the FASB. ASC 360-10 requires that long-lived assets be reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes
in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable through the estimated undiscounted cash
flows expected to result from the use and eventual disposition of the assets. Whenever any such impairment exists, an impairment
loss will be recognized for the amount by which the carrying value exceeds the fair value.  

The Company tests long-lived
assets, including property and equipment and finite lived intangible assets, for impairment at least annually  or more frequently
upon the occurrence of an event or when circumstances indicate that the net carrying amount is greater than its fair value. Assets
are grouped and evaluated at the lowest level for their identifiable cash flows that are largely independent of the cash flows
of other groups of assets. The Company considers historical performance and future estimated results in its evaluation of potential
impairment and then compares the carrying amount of the asset to the future estimated cash flows expected to result from the use
of the asset. If the carrying amount of the asset exceeds estimated expected undiscounted future cash flows, the Company measures
the amount of impairment by comparing the carrying amount of the asset to its fair value. The estimation of fair value is generally
measured by discounting expected future cash flows as the rate the Company utilizes to evaluate potential investments. The Company
estimates fair value based on the information available in making whatever estimates, judgments and projections are considered
necessary. There were no impairment losses in the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. 

CHINA
LENDING CORPORATION   

   NOTES
TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   

   September
30, 2016   

Fair
values of financial instruments    

ASC
Topic 825,  Financial Instruments  ( Topic 825 ), requires disclosure of fair value information of financial
instruments, whether or not recognized in the balance sheets, for which it is practicable to estimate that value. In cases where
quoted market prices are not available, fair values are based on estimates using present value or other valuation techniques.
Those techniques are significantly affected by the assumptions used, including the discount rate and estimates of future cash
flows. In that regard, the derived fair value estimates cannot be substantiated by comparison to independent markets and, in many
cases, could not be realized in immediate settlement of the instruments. Topic 825 excludes certain financial instruments and
all nonfinancial assets and liabilities from its disclosure requirements. Accordingly, the aggregate fair value amounts do not
represent the underlying value of the Company.  

Level
1 inputs to the valuation methodology are quoted prices (unadjusted) for identical assets or liabilities in active markets.  

  Level
2 inputs to the valuation methodology include quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets, and inputs
that are observable for the assets or liability, either directly or indirectly, for substantially the full term of the financial
instruments.  

  Level
3 inputs to the valuation methodology are unobservable and significant to the fair value.  

As of September 30, 2016 and
December 31, 2015, financial instruments of the Company were primarily comprised of cash, loans receivable, accrued interest receivables,
cost method investment, other receivables, short-term bank loans, secured loans and loans from a cost investment investee, taxes
payable, convertible promissory note payable, convertible redeemable preferred shares, dividends payable, other payable and accrued
expenses, which were carried at cost on the balance sheets, and carrying amounts approximated their fair values because of their
generally short maturities. 

Foreign
currency translation and transactions    

The reporting currency of China Lending and
Adrie is United States Dollars ( $ ), which is also the functional currency. The Fenghui Holding and  PRC subsidiaries
and VIE maintain their books and records in its local currency, the Hongkong dollor ( HKD ) and Renminbi Yuan ( RMB )
respectively, which is their functional currencies as being the primary currency of the economic environment in which these entities
operate. 

Transactions
in foreign currencies other than functional currencies are initially recorded at the functional currency rate ruling at the date
of transaction. Any differences between the initially recorded amount and the settlement amount are recorded as a gain or loss
on foreign currency transaction in the statements of income. Monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currency are
translated at the functional currency rate of exchange ruling at the balance sheet date. Any differences are taken to profit or
loss as a gain or loss on foreign currency translation in the statements of income.  

In accordance with ASC Topic 830,  Foreign Currency
Matters,  the Company translated the assets and liabilities into US dollars using the rate of exchange prevailing at
the applicable balance sheet date and the statements of income and cash flows are translated at an average rate during the reporting
period. Adjustments resulting from the translation are recorded in investors  equity as part of accumulated other comprehensive
income. 

Use
of estimates    

The preparation of financial statements in conformity
with U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities,
disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, and the reported amounts of revenue and
expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. On an ongoing basis, management reviews
these estimates using the currently available information. Changes in facts and circumstances may cause the Company to revise its
estimates. Significant accounting estimates reflected in the financial statements include: (i) the allowance for loan losses; (ii)
accrual of estimated liabilities; (iii) contingencies and litigation; and (iv) deferred tax assets and liabilities. 

CHINA
LENDING CORPORATION   

   NOTES
TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   

   September
30, 2016   

Revenue
recognition    

The
Company recognizes revenue when persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists, service has been performed, the price is fixed or
determinable and collection is reasonably assured, on the following:  

1)    Interest
                                         income on loans. Interest on loan receivables is accrued monthly in accordance with their
                                         contractual terms and recorded in accrued interest receivable. The Company does not charge
                                         prepayment penalty from customers. Additionally, any previously accrued but uncollected
                                         interest is reversed and accrual is discontinued, when either (i) reasonable doubt exists
                                         as to the full, timely collection of interest or principal or (ii) when a loan becomes
                                         past due by more than 90 days.   

2)    Assessment
                                         services on loans. The Company receives fees from assessment services in full at inception
                                         and records as unearned income before amortizing it throughout the period of services.    

Non-interest
expenses    

Non-interest
expenses primarily consist of salary and benefits for employees, traveling cost, entertainment expenses, depreciation of equipment,
office rental expenses, professional service fee, office supply, etc., and are expensed as incurred.  

Income
tax    

Current
income taxes are provided for in accordance with the laws of the relevant taxing authorities. As part of the process of preparing
financial statements, the Company is required to estimate its income taxes in each of the jurisdictions in which it operates.
The Company accounts for income taxes using the liability method. Under this method, deferred income taxes are recognized for
tax consequences in future years of differences between the tax bases of assets and liabilities and their reported amounts in
the financial statements at each year-end. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates applicable
for the differences that are expected to affect taxable income.  

The
Company adopts a more likely than not threshold and a two-step approach for the tax position measurement and financial statement
recognition. Under the two-step approach, the first step is to evaluate the tax position for recognition by determining if the
weight of available evidence indicates that it is more likely than not that the position will be sustained, including resolution
of related appeals or litigation process, if any. The second step is to measure the tax benefit as the largest amount that is
more than 50% likely of being realized upon settlement. As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the Company did not have
any uncertain tax positions.  

Comprehensive
income    

Comprehensive
income includes net income and foreign currency adjustments. Comprehensive income is reported in the statements of income and
comprehensive income.  

Accumulated
other comprehensive (loss) income, as presented on the balance sheets are the cumulative foreign currency translation adjustments.  

Operating
leases    

The
Company leases its principal office under a lease agreement that qualifies as an operating lease. Payments made under operating
leases are charged to the consolidated statements of comprehensive income on a straight line basis over the lease periods.  

Commitments
and contingencies    

In
the normal course of business, the Company is subject to loss contingencies, such as legal proceedings and claims arising out
of its business, that cover a wide range of matters, including, among others, government investigations and tax matters. In accordance
with ASC No. 450 Subtopic 20,  Loss Contingencies , the Company records accruals for such loss contingencies when
it is probable that a liability has been incurred and the amount of loss can be reasonably estimated.  

CHINA
LENDING CORPORATION   

   NOTES
TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   

   September
30, 2016   

Recently
issued accounting standards    

In
May of 2014, the FASB issued ASC Topic 606,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers  ( Topic 606 ). Topic
606 clarifies the principles for recognizing revenue and develops a common revenue standard for U.S. GAAP and IFRS. Simultaneously,
Topic 606 supersedes the revenue recognition requirements in ASC Topic 605, Revenue Recognition, and most industry-specific guidance
throughout the Industry Topics of the Accounting Standards Codification. ASC 606-10 provides the following overview of how revenue
is recognized from an entity s contracts with customers: The core principle of the guidance requires an entity to recognize
revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which
the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. To achieve that core principle, an entity should apply
the five steps: (1) identify the contract(s) with a customer; (2) identify the performance obligations in the contract; (3) determine
the transaction price; (4) allocate the transaction price to the performance obligations in the contract; and (5) recognize revenue
when (or as) the entity satisfies a performance obligation. The amendments are effective for annual reporting periods beginning
after December 15, 2017, including interim reporting periods within that reporting period. Earlier application is permitted only
as of annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2016, including interim reporting periods within that reporting period.
The Company does not anticipate that this adoption will have a significant impact on its financial position, results of operations,
or cash flows.  

In
August 2014, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update ( ASU ) No. 2015-17,  Presentation of Financial Statements
  Going Concern (Subtopic 205-40).  This standard requires management to evaluate for each annual and interim reporting
period whether it is probable that the reporting entity will not be able to meet its obligations as they become due within one
year after the date that the financial statements are issued. If the entity is in such a position, the standard provides for certain
disclosures depending on whether or not the entity will be able to successfully mitigate its going concern status. This guidance
is effective for fiscal years ending after December 15, 2016 and interim periods within those years. Early application is
permitted. The Company does not anticipate that this adoption will have a significant impact on its financial position, results
of operations, or cash flows.  

In August 2015, the FASB issued updated guidance concerning
presentation and subsequent measurement of debt issuance costs relating to line of credit arrangements, which can be presented
on the balance sheet as an asset to be subsequently amortized ratably over the term of the line of credit arrangement. The updated
guidance is effective immediately. This updated guidance did not have a material impact on our financial statements. In April
2015, the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-03, Simplifying the Presentation of Debt Issuance Costs, which changes the presentation of
debt issuance costs in financial statements. Under this ASU, an entity presents such costs on the balance sheet as a direct deduction
from the related debt liability rather than as an asset. This new standard is effective for annual reporting periods beginning
after December 15, 2015, including interim periods within that reporting period, with early adoption permitted. We adopted this
standard and do not expect that it will have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements or disclosures. 

In November 2015, the FASB
issued ASU No. 2015-17,  Balance Sheet Classification of Deferred Taxes  ( ASU 2015-17 ). To simplify
presentation, ASU 2015-17 requires that all deferred tax assets and liabilities, along with any related valuation allowance, be
classified as noncurrent on the balance sheet. As a result, each jurisdiction will now only have one net noncurrent deferred tax
asset or liability. ASU 2015-17 does not change the existing requirement that only permits offsetting within a jurisdiction  
that is, companies are still prohibited from offsetting deferred tax liabilities from one jurisdiction against deferred tax assets
of another jurisdiction. ASU 2015-17 is effective for public business entities in fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2016,
including interim periods within those years. Early adoption is permitted. An entity can elect to adopt ASU 2015-17 either (1)
prospectively for all deferred tax assets and liabilities, or (2) retrospectively by reclassifying the comparative balance sheet.
If applied prospectively, an entity is required to include a statement that prior periods were not retrospectively adjusted. If
applied retrospectively, an entity is also required to include quantitative information about the effects of the change on prior
periods. The Company does not anticipate that this adoption will have a significant impact on its financial statements. 

In
February 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-02  Leases (Topic 842).  This standard requires entities that lease assets
to recognize on the balance sheet the assets and liabilities for the rights and obligations created by those leases. The standard
is effective for fiscal years and the interim periods within those fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018. The guidance
is required to be applied by the modified retrospective transition approach. Early adoption is permitted. The Company is currently
assessing the impact of the adoption of this new guidance on its financial position, results of operations and disclosures.  

The
Company has considered all new accounting pronouncements and has concluded that there are no new pronouncements that may have
a material impact on results of operations, financial condition, or cash flows, based on current information.  

3.
Risks   

(a)
Credit risk  

Credit
risk is one of the most significant risks for the Company s business and arise principally in lending activities.  

Credit
risk is controlled by the application of credit approvals, limits and monitoring procedures. The Company manages credit risk through
in-house research and analysis of the Chinese economy and the underlying obligors and transaction structures. To minimize credit
risk, the Company requires collateral in the form of rights to cash, securities or property and equipment.  

CHINA
LENDING CORPORATION   

   NOTES
TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   

   September
30, 2016   

The
                                         Company identifies credit risk collectively based on industry, geography and customer
                                         type. This information is monitored regularly by management.  

In
measuring the credit risk of lending loans to corporate customers, the Company mainly reflects the  probability of default 
by the customer on its contractual obligations and considers the current financial position of the customer and the exposures
to the customer and its likely future development. For individual customers, the Company uses standard approval procedures to
manage credit risk for personal loans.  

(b)
Liquidity risk  

The
Company is also exposed to liquidity risk which is risk that it is unable to provide sufficient capital resources and liquidity
to meet its commitments and business needs. Liquidity risk is controlled by the application of financial position analysis and
monitoring procedures. When necessary, the Company will turn to other financial institutions and the owners to obtain short-term
funding to meet the liquidity shortage.  

(c)   Foreign
currency risk  

A
majority of the Company s operating activities and a significant portion of the Company s assets and liabilities are
denominated in RMB, which is not freely convertible into foreign currencies. All foreign exchange transactions take place either
through the Peoples  Bank of China ( PBOC ) or other authorized financial institutions at exchange rates quoted
by PBOC. Approval of foreign currency payments by the PBOC or other regulatory institutions requires submitting a payment application
form together with suppliers' invoices and signed contracts. The value of RMB is subject to changes in central government policies
and to international economic and political developments affecting supply and demand in the China Foreign Exchange Trading System
market.  

(d)
Industry concentration risk  

The
Company is exposed to concentration risk which is risk associated to over concentration on certain market, an excessive concentration
can give rise to market risk.  

Analysis
for industry concentration over 10% as of September 30, 2016  

3.
Public Offering   

On
October 6, 2014, in its Public Offering, the Company sold 6,000,000 Units at an offering price of $10.00 per Unit and on October
14, 2014 the Company sold an additional 860,063 Units upon the underwriters  exercise of its Over-Allotment option. Each
Unit consists of one ordinary share ( Share ), one right ( Right(s) ), and one warrant ( Warrant ).
Each Right entitles the holder to receive one-tenth (1/10) of a Share upon consummation of an Initial Business Combination. Each
Warrant entitles the holder to purchase one-half of one ordinary share at a price of $12.00 per full share commencing on the later
of the Company s completion of its Initial Business Combination or 12 months from September 30, 2014, the effective date
of the registration statement relating to the Public Offering (the  Effective Date ), and expiring five years from
the completion of the Company s Initial Business Combination. As a result, investors must exercise Warrants in multiples
of two Warrants, at a price of $12.00 per full share, subject to adjustment, to validly exercise the Warrants. The Company may
redeem the Warrants at a price of $0.01 per Warrant upon 30 days  notice, only in the event that the last sale price of
the ordinary shares is at least $18.00 per share for any 20 trading days within a 30-trading day period ( 30-Day Trading
Period ) ending on the third day prior to the date on which notice of redemption is given, provided there is a current registration
statement in effect with respect to the ordinary shares underlying such Warrants commencing five business days prior to the 30-Day
Trading Period and continuing each day thereafter until the date of redemption. If the Company redeems the Warrants as described
above, management will have the option to require all holders that wish to exercise Warrants to do so on a  cashless basis.   

CHINA
LENDING CORPORATION   

   NOTES
TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   

   September
30, 2016   

The
Units sold in the Public Offering began trading on October 1, 2014, the day after the Effective Date. Each of the Shares, Rights
and Warrants were eligible to trade separately effective as of October 22, 2014. Security holders now have the option to continue
to hold Units or separate their Units into the component pieces. Holders will need to have their brokers contact the Company s
transfer agent in order to separate the Units into Shares, Rights and Warrants. On May 30, 2016 and July 6, 2016, 5,255,657 and
1,544,138 shares were redeemed respectively by public shareholders. As of July 7, 2016, the Units have ceased trading.   

On
July 6, 2016, DT Asia Investments Limited (the  Company ) closed its business combination with Adrie Global Holding
Limited ( Adrie ). As a result, Adrie became a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company.  

Underwriting
Agreement    

The
Company paid an underwriting discount on Units sold in the Public Offering, of 3.25% of the Unit offering price, to the underwriters
at the closing of the Public Offering (or an aggregate of $2,229,520, including discounts for the Public Units sold in the Over-Allotment
exercise). The Company also sold to EBC and/or its designees, at the time of the closing of the Public Offering, for an aggregate
of $100.00, an option ( Unit Purchase Option  or  UPO ) to purchase 600,000 Units. The UPO will be exercisable
at any time, in whole or in part, during the period commencing on the later of the first anniversary of the Effective Date and
the closing of the Company s Initial Business Combination and terminating on the fifth anniversary of the Effective Date
(September 30, 2019) at a price per Unit equal to $11.75. Accordingly, after the Initial Business Combination, the purchase option
will be to purchase 660,000 ordinary shares (which includes 60,000 ordinary shares to be issued for the rights included in the
units) and 600,000 Warrants to purchase 300,000 ordinary shares. The Units issuable upon exercise of this option are identical
to the Units in the Offering. On July 5, 2016, based on updated mutual agreement, the Company paid $1.5 million in cash, issued
a $250,000 convertible promissory note (one year no interest, convertible at $10 at EBC s option) and issued 34,300 ordinary
shares to EBC with a value of $343,000 at $10 per share to settle the EBC advisory fee in full.  

Accounting
for UPO    

The
Company accounted for the fair value of the UPO, inclusive of the receipt of a $100 cash payment, as an expense of the Offering
resulting in a charge directly to shareholders  equity. The Company estimated that the fair value of the unit purchase option
when issued was approximately $1,669,000 (or $2.782 per unit) using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model. The fair value of
the unit purchase option was estimated as of the date of grant using the following assumptions: (1) expected volatility of 35%,
(2) risk-free interest rate of 1.73% and (3) expected life of five years. The UPO may be exercised for cash or on a  cashless 
basis, at the holder s option (except in the case of a forced cashless exercise upon the Company s redemption of the
Warrants, as described above), such that the holder may use the appreciated value of the UPO (the difference between the exercise
prices of the UPO and the underlying Warrants and the market price of the Units and underlying ordinary shares) to exercise the
UPO without the payment of any cash. The Company will have no obligation to net cash settle the exercise of the UPO or the Warrants
underlying the UPO. The holder of the UPO will not be entitled to exercise the UPO or the Warrants underlying the UPO unless a
registration statement covering the securities underlying the UPO is effective or an exemption from registration is available.
If the holder is unable to exercise the UPO or underlying Warrants, the UPO or Warrants, as applicable, will expire worthless.  

The
Company granted to the holders of the UPO demand and  piggy back  registration rights for periods of five and seven
years, respectively, from the Effective Date, including securities directly and indirectly issuable upon exercise of the UPO.  

WARRANTS    

DeTiger
Holdings Limited (the  Sponsor ), agrees to transfer 1,000,000 warrants held by DeTiger in the amounts and to the
transferee(s) as designated by the Seller Representative, for a purchase price payable by each Transferee of $0.50 per Warrant
(the  Purchase Price ). The Purchase Price for each Warrant shall be payable by each Transferee only upon the exercise
of each Warrant. As of September 30, 2016, 9,280,323 shares of warrants were issued and outstanding, none of the Warrants have
been exercised.  

CHINA
LENDING CORPORATION   

   NOTES
TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   

   September
30, 2016   

4.
Convertible promissory note    

On September 13, 2015, the Company issued a non-interest
bearing convertible promissory note in the amount of up to $500,000 (the  Note ) to the Detiger holding which is convertible
at $10 per unit at holder s option. On July 6, 2016, the $100,000 note has been converted at $10.00 into 10,000 units, which
consists of 10,000 shares, 10,000 rights and 10,000 warrants. 10,000 right entitles to receive 1/10 of the ordinary shares. Hence,
a total of 11,000 shares was issued upon conversion. As of September 30, 2016, the balance for the convertible promissory note
with related party is $400,000, which is due on January 6, 2017. The beneficial conversion feature of $ 51,700 was charged into
expense immediately upon closing of the business combination. 

On
July 5, 2016, the Company issued a $250,000 convertible promissory note to its underwriter. The note is due on July 4, 2017,
with no interest and convertible at $10 per unit at holder s option. There was no beneficial conversion feature was
recognized at issuance date since effective conversion price is higher than the stock price as of the issuance
date.  

As
of September 30, 2016, the convertible promissory note balance is $650,000.  

5.
REDEEMABLE CONVERTIBLE PREFERRED SHARES    

On
July 6, 2016, the Company sold 715,000 Class A Preferred Shares at a price of $12.00 per Class A Share with an annual dividend
of 8%. The Company received gross proceeds of $8,580,000 from this private placement without issuance cost.  

The
Class A Shares are mandatorily redeemable at a price $12.00 per Class A Share (subject to equitable adjustments for stock splits,
stock dividends, recapitalizations and other similar adjustments), plus accrued dividends on the fifth anniversary of the original
issue date of the Class A Shares. Each Class A Share is convertible into one ordinary share (subject to equitable adjustments
for stock splits, stock dividends, recapitalizations and other similar adjustments) at shareholder s option after the closing
of the Business Combination. The Class A preferred shares are automatically convertible on the date on which the average closing
price of the Company s ordinary shares for three consecutive trading days, that is equal to or exceeds $16.00, provided
that such date is after the closing of the Business Combination.  

In
the event of a Reorganization Event occurring following the closing of the Business Combination (which includes certain business
combinations involving the Company or the Company having confirmed that at least 80% of the Class A Shares originally issued have
elected to been converted at the election of their holders), each Class A Share outstanding immediately prior to such Reorganization
Event shall be redeemed by the Company by making a redemption payment equal to the greater of the following (as reasonably determined
by the Company s Board of Directors): (i) an amount in cash equal to the liquidation preference, plus an amount equal to
accumulated and unpaid dividends as of (but excluding) the date of the Reorganization Event, per Class A Share that is so redeemed,
or (ii) the kind of securities, cash and other property that the holder of Class A Shares holding such Class A Share would have
been entitled to receive if such holder had converted its Class A Shares into ordinary shares immediately prior to such Reorganization
Event.  

The Company did not recognize the beneficial conversion
feature for the Class A Preferred shares since each Class A Share is convertible into one ordinary share (subject to equitable
adjustments for stock splits, stock dividends, recapitalizations and other similar adjustments) at holder s option. In accordance
with ASC 480, redemption provisions not solely within the control of the Company require the security to be classified outside
of permanent equity. ASC 480-10-S99 notes that if a reporting entity issues preferred shares that are conditionally redeemable
(e.g., at the holder s option or upon the occurrence of an uncertain event not solely within the company s control),
the shares are not within the scope of ASC 480 because there is no unconditional obligation to redeem the shares by transferring
assets at a specified or determinable date or upon an event certain to occur. If the uncertain event occurs, the condition is resolved,
or the event becomes certain to occur, then the shares become mandatorily redeemable under FAS 150 and would require reclassification
to a liability. The Class A Preferred Shares have been classified as mezzanine equity in the consolidated financial statement,
pursuant to ASC 480-10-S99-3A, presented below total liabilities but not included in the subtotal for total equity as of September
30, 2016. The Class A Preferred Share is not deemed to be an embedded derivative instrument to be bifurcated since it s indexed
to its own stock. 

As of September 30, 2016, $161,727 dividend for Convertible Redeemable Class A Preferred Shares was accrued and
the outstanding balance for Class A Preferred Shares was $8,741,727. 

6.
STOCKHOLDER S EQUITY   

Ordinary
Shares     

The
Company is authorized to issue unlimited ordinary shares. Holders of the Company s ordinary shares are entitled to one vote
for each share. As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, there were 22,896,765 and 20,000,000 ordinary shares issued and
outstanding, respectively.  

Adrie was established on November 19, 2014 with share capital of $1, which
consisted of one share with a par value of $1 per share. 

On April 14, 2015, Adrie redeemed
the one share and issued 20,000,000 shares with par value of $0.000000005 per share to various investors that were affiliates of
investors of Feng Hui. 

CHINA
LENDING CORPORATION   

   NOTES
TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   

   September
30, 2016   

On December 17, 2015, Adrie
redeemed 571,428 shares and issued 571,428 with par value of $0.000000005 per share to each of the remaining investors on a pro
rata basis. 

Ordinary Shares held in Escrow  

Upon consummation of the business combination between
the Company and Adrie, an aggregate of 20 million of ordinary shares were issued and 8 million of the issued ordinary shares were
deposited in escrow (the  Escrow Shares ). One-third of the Escrow Shares (along with the related accrued dividends
and distributions) shall be released upon the post-combination company obtaining certain specified adjusted consolidated net income
targets in each of calendar years 2016, 2017 and 2018. 

The target adjusted consolidated net income ranging
in 2016 from $20.2 million at the bottom to $32.0 million at the top, in 2017 from $22.6 million at the bottom to $38.0 million
at the top, and in 2018 from $25.6 million at the bottom to $44.0 million at the top, and with the average adjusted consolidated
net income target for the alternative earn-out payment ranging from $23.3 million at the bottom to $40.0 million at the top. 

Restricted Shares   

On September 23, 2016, the members of the Compensation
Committee of China Lending Corporation have determined to issue 2,700 shares of restricted shares to 19 employees of the Company. 

Preferred
Shares    

The
Company is authorized to issue unlimited preferred shares, in one or more series, with such designations, voting and other rights
and preferences as may be determined from time to time by the board of directors. As of September 30, 2016, the Company has issued
715,000 preferred shares.  

7.
Loans Receivable, Net   

The
interest rates on loans issued ranged between 17.28% ~24.00% and 18.36% ~ 22.44% for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and
2015, respectively.  

Loans
receivable consisted of the following:   

The
Company originates loans to customers located primarily in Urumqi City, Xinjiang Province. This geographic concentration of credit
exposes the Company to a higher degree of risk associated with this economic region.  

All loans are short-term loans
that the Company has made to either business or individual customers. As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the Company
had 44 and 36 business loan customers, and 152 and 125 personal loan customers, respectively. Most loans are either guaranteed
by a third party whose financial strength is assessed by the Company to be sufficient or secured by collateral. Allowance for loan
losses is estimated on a quarterly basis based on an assessment of specific evidence indicating doubtful collection, historical
experience, loan balance aging and prevailing economic conditions. 

CHINA
LENDING CORPORATION   

   NOTES
TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   

   September
30, 2016   

For the three months ended
September 30, 2016 and 2015, and a provision of $1,856,823 and $489,861, were charged to the statement of income, respectively.
For the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, a provision of $3,513,946 and $991,749 were charged to the statement of
income, respectively. No write-offs against allowances have occurred for these periods. 

Interest
on loans receivable is accrued and credited to income as earned. The Company determines a loan's past due status by the number
of days that have elapsed since a borrower has failed to make a contractual loan payment. Accrual of interest is generally discontinued
when either (i) reasonable doubt exists as to the full, timely collection of interest or principal or (ii) when a loan becomes
past due by more than 90 days.  

The
following table presents nonaccrual interest receivable and loans with aging over 90 days by classes of loan portfolio as of
September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively:  

The
following table represents the aging of loans as of September 30, 2016 by type of loan:  

The
following table represents the aging of loans as of December 31, 2015 by type of loan:  

Analysis
of loans by collateral   

The
following table summarizes the Company s loan portfolio by collateral as of September 30, 2016:  

CHINA
LENDING CORPORATION   

   NOTES
TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   

   September
30, 2016   

The
following table summarizes the Company s loan portfolio by collateral as of December 31, 2015:  

Most
guarantee backed loans were guaranteed by shareholders of the Feng Hui. (See note 22).  

Collateral
Backed Loans   

A
collateral backed loan is a loan in which the borrower puts up an asset under their ownership, possession or control, as collateral
for the loan. An asset usually is land use rights, equity shares, equipment or buildings. The loan is secured against the collateral
and we do not take physical possession of the collateral at the time the loan is made.  We will verify ownership of
the collateral and then register the collateral with the appropriate government entities to complete the secured transaction.  In
the event that the borrower defaults, we can then take possession of the collateral asset and sell it to recover the outstanding
balance owed. If the sale proceeds of the collateral asset is not sufficient to pay off the loan in full, we will file a lawsuit
against the borrower and seek judgment for the remaining balance.  

Pledged
Asset Backed Loans   

Pledged assets backed loans
are loans with pledged assets. The pledged assets are usually inventory. Lenders take physical
possession of the pledged assets at the time the loan is made and do not need to register them with government entities to secure
the loan.  If the borrower defaults, we can sell the assets to recover the outstanding balance owed. For the supply chain
financing involved for tire industry, the borrowers pledged with inventory and the whole sellers (certain are related parties)
guarantee the repayment of loan if the borrowers defaults. 

Both
collateral loans and pledged loans are considered secured loans. The amount of a loan that lenders provide depends on the value
of the collateral pledged.  

Guarantee
Backed Loans   

A guaranteed loan is a loan
guaranteed by a corporation or high net worth individual which includes related parties (refer to Note 22).  As of September
30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, guaranteed loans make up 33.1% and 33.4% of our direct loan portfolio, respectively. 

As
of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the Company pledged $32,378,967 and $44,512,223 gross loans receivable for loans
Feng Hui borrowed from a related party (See Note 13 and Note 14), which consisted of the following:  

8.
Allowance for Loan Losses   

The
allowance for loan losses is maintained at a level considered adequate to provide for losses that can be reasonably anticipated.
Management performs a quarterly evaluation of the adequacy of the allowance. The allowance is based on the Company s past
loan loss history, known and inherent risks in the portfolio, adverse situations that may affect the borrower s ability
to repay, the estimated value of any underlying collateral, composition of the loan portfolio, current economic conditions and
other relevant factors. This evaluation is inherently subjective as it requires material estimates that may be susceptible to
significant revision as more information becomes available.  

The
allowance is calculated at portfolio-level since our loans portfolio is generally comprised of smaller balance homogenous loans
and is collectively evaluated for impairment.  

For
the purpose of calculating portfolio-level reserves, we have grouped our loans into two portfolio segments: Business and Personal.
The allowance consists of the combination of a quantitative assessment component based on statistical models, a retrospective
evaluation of actual loss information to loss forecasts, value of collateral and could include a qualitative component based on
management judgment.  

CHINA
LENDING CORPORATION   

   NOTES
TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   

   September
30, 2016   

In
estimating the probable loss of the loan portfolio, the Company also considers qualitative factors such as current economic conditions
and/or events in specific industries and geographical areas, including unemployment levels, trends in real estate values, peer
comparisons, and other pertinent factors such as regulatory guidance. Finally, as appropriate, the Company also considers individual
borrower circumstances and the condition and fair value of the loan collateral, if any.  

In addition, the
Company calculates the provision amount as below:  

1.    
      General
    Reserve - is based on total loan receivable balance and to be used to cover unidentified probable loan loss.   

2.  
       Special
                                         Reserve - is fund set aside covering losses due to risks related to the region
                                         of China, industry, company or type of loans. The reserve rate could be decided based
                                         on management estimate of loan collectability. The loan portfolio did not include any
                                         loans outside of the PRC.  

Generally,
the primary factors for the evaluation of allowance for loan losses consist of business performance, financial position, cash
flow and other operational performance of the debtors. Among these, cash flow of the debtors is the primary funding source for
repayment for determining the allowance for loan losses and any collateral, pledged asset or guarantee is considered as a secondary
funding source for repayment.  

Besides
the repayment ability and willingness to repay, the Company evaluates the allowance for loan losses of collateral backed loans
based on whether the fair value of the collateral if the repayment is expected to be provided by the collateral is sufficient
or not. For loans with pledged assets, the net realizable value of pledged assets for pledged backed loans will be estimated to
see if they have sufficient coverage on the loans. For the guarantee backed loans, the Company evaluates the allowance for loan
losses based on the combination of the guarantee, including the fair value and net realizable value of guarantor s financial
position, credibility, liquidity and cash flow.  

As of September 30, 2016, the percentage
of collateral, pledged asset, and guarantee backed loans were 5.13%, 61.77% and 33.1% respectively. As of December 31, 2015, the
percentage of collateral, pledged asset, and guarantee backed loans were 16.3%, 50.3% and 33.4% respectively. 

The valuation assessment of collateral
and pledged assets was based on the valuation report issued by a valuation firm or the Company s internal risk control department.
The assets values were generally 50% to 60% of the fair value of collateral and pledged assets. The valuation will be updated for
the loan period over one year in case of renewals and repeat customers. However, China Lending Group s average loan term
is less than 7 months, the value of the collateral and pledged assets, and guarantee backing the loans will be reviewed and monitored
on a monthly basis through site visits. As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, 5.13% and 11.28% of collateral backed and
pledged backed loan were under valuation assessment by a valuation firm. The assessment of the remaining loans was performed by
the Company s internal risk control department. 

China
Lending Group issues guarantee-backed loans in accordance with its loan management policy, and each guarantee-backed loan will
undergo standard assessment procedures for willingness and ability of the guarantor to perform under its guarantee. China Lending
Group accepts guarantees provided by three types of guarantors: professional guarantee companies, corporations and individuals
which includes related parties (see note 22).  

In
assessing the willingness and ability of a professional guarantee company to perform under a guarantee, the Company consider factors
including its guarantee licenses, size of registered capital, corporate governance, internal audit system, risk management and
compensation system, risk reserve, length of operation history especially cooperation history with China Lending Group, its default
costs and other pertinent factors such as the loan size backed by guarantee over its net assets.  

In
assessing the willingness and ability of a corporate guarantor to perform under a guarantee, the Company consider factors including
nature of its businesses, size of registered capital, annual revenues, continuous profitability in the past three years, stability
and adequacy of income and cash flows, clean credit history, current liabilities, willingness to accept credit monitoring by China
Lending Group, its default costs and other pertinent factors such as the loan size backed by guarantee over its net assets.  

In
assessing the willingness and ability of an individual guarantor to perform under a guarantee, the Company consider factors including
their residency, whether being able to provide permanent residential addresses, marital status, occupations, legitimacy and stability
of incomes, assets and liabilities, clean credit history, no criminal history, their default costs and other pertinent factors
such as the loan size backed by guarantee over their net assets.  

The
global economic environment became worse during the past and the current fiscal years. Such economic environment has caused liquidity
problem for many companies, which also increased the frequency on defaulting the repayments by debtors, hence the increases of
special reserve for loan losses.  

For
the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, $3,556,190 and $925,335 were charged as specific reserve with categories ranged
from 0.5%-100% and 25%-75%, respectively.  

While
management uses the best information available to make loan loss allowance evaluations, adjustments to the allowance may be necessary
based on changes in economic and other conditions or changes in accounting guidance.  

CHINA
LENDING CORPORATION   

   NOTES
TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   

   September
30, 2016   

The
following tables present the activity in the allowance for loan losses and related recorded investment in loans receivable by
classes of the loans individually and collectively evaluated for impairment as of and for the nine Months ended September 30,
2016 and 2015:  

For
the nine months ended September 30, 2016   

For
the nine months ended September 30, 2015   

CHINA
                                         LENDING CORPORATION   

   NOTES
TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   

   September
30, 2016   

9.
Loan impairment   

A
loan is considered impaired when, based on current information and events, it is probable that the Company will be unable to collect
the scheduled payments of principal or interest when due according to the contractual terms of the loan agreement. Factors considered
by management in determining impairment include payment status, collateral value and the probability of collecting scheduled principal
and interest payments when due. Loans that experience insignificant payment delays and payment shortfalls generally are not classified
as impaired. Management determines the significance of payment delays and payment shortfalls on a case-by-case basis, taking into
consideration all of the circumstances surrounding the loan and the borrower, including the length of the delay, the reasons for
the delay, the borrower s prior payment record and the amount of the shortfall in relation to the principal and interest
owed. Impairment is measured on a loan by loan basis for corporate and personal loans by either the present value of expected
future cash flows discounted at the loan s effective interest rate or the fair value of the collateral if the loan is collateral
dependent.  

An
allowance for loan losses is established for an impaired loan if its carrying value exceeds its estimated fair value. Currently,
estimated fair values of substantially all of the Company s impaired loans are measured based on the estimated fair value
of the loan s collateral which approximates to the carrying value due to the short term nature of the loans. The impaired
amounts of personal loans were $93,424,921 and $4,254,664 as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively. The impaired
amounts of business loans were $11,084,948 and $10,468,752 as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively.  

Loans
with modified terms are classified as troubled debt restructurings if the Company grants such borrowers concessions and it is
deemed that those borrowers are experiencing financial difficulty. Concessions granted under a troubled debt restructuring generally
involve a temporary below market rate reduction in interest rate or an extension of a loan s stated maturity date. Non-accrual
troubled debt restructurings are restored to accrual status if principal and interest payments, under the modified terms, are
current for six consecutive months after modification. Loans classified as troubled debt restructurings are designated as impaired.
Due to the nature of the Company s operation and the interest concessions granted, the troubled debt restructuring designation
will not be removed until the loan is paid-off or otherwise disposed of. The Company reported its first troubled debt restricting
in December 31, 2015. The Company has not removed any loan classified as a trouble debt restricting from that classification.  

The Company allows a one-time loan extension based
on an ancillary company policy with a period up to the original loan period, which is usually within twelve months. According to
the Company s loan management policy, granting initial one-time extension requires a new underwriting and credit evaluation.
Borrowers are required to submit extension application 10 days before expiration of the original loan. Then the Company s
loan service department will investigate whether material changes have happened to the borrower s business which may impact
its repayment ability. The Company s risk management department will reevaluate the loan. If the Company decides to
grant one-time extension, an extension agreement will be executed between the borrower and the Company, plus commitment letter
from guarantor to agree the loan extension and extend the guarantee duration. In evaluating the extension and underwriting new
loans, China Lending Group will request that borrowers obtain guarantees from state-owned or public guarantee companies. Even though
the Company allows a one-time loan extension with a period up to the original loan period, which is usually within twelve months.
Such extension is not considered to be a troubled debt restructuring because the Company does not grant a concession to borrowers.
The principal of the loan remains the same and the interest rate is fixed at the current interest rate at the time of extension.
No loans were granted one-time extension for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. No loans and two loans of $0.88
million were granted one-time extension for the nine Months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, which accounted for
1.53% and 0.00% of total loans made for the nine Months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. 

The troubled debt restructuring amounts of personal
loans were $917,871 and $1,035,168 as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively after providing an allowance for
loan loss amounting to $232,530 and $22,377, respectively. The troubled debt restructuring amounts of business loans were $2,999,580
and $3,080,857 as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively after providing an allowance for loan loss amounting
to $759,902 and $73,129, respectively. The September 30, 2016 troubled debt restructuring amounts were the exact balances brought
forward from December 31, 2015 after adjustment in foreign exchange. The increase in allowances in the troubled debt restructuring
both in personal loans and business loans in September 30, 2016, as compared to that of December 31, 2015, was mainly attributable
to the information regarding four loans that management believes are isolated and involve unique circumstances, including having
a loan and its collateral being in an industry in which the Company does not typically engage, a problem with a bridge loan where
a bank reversed its oral commitment to lend to a borrower after a short bridge period, a private guarantor that had less capital
and liquidity than the Company had been led to believe and a loan collateralized by collateral that the borrower no longer had
proper title to and where the borrower committed fraud by applying for the loan before the title to the collateral was transferred.
These issues are isolated and management believes they are not indicative of future systemic issues and has addressed these types
of issues appropriately going forward. 

As
of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, there were no receivable derecognized for the real estate related investment obtained
from collateral  

A
loan is considered to be a troubled debt restructuring loan when that is restructured or modified for economic or legal reasons,
where these conditions are present: 1) The Company grants a concession that it otherwise would not consider and 2) The borrower
is having financial difficulties. Under unusual circumstance, in order to reduce the potential losses on troubled debt, the Company
may consider granting concession to borrowers with financial difficulties which has significant delay or significant shortfall
in amount of payments. In order to deter troubled debt restructurings, stringent scrutiny and approval from the Company s
Loan Review Committee is required prior to the granting of concession on troubled debt.  

CHINA
LENDING CORPORATION   

   NOTES
TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   

   September
30, 2016   

10.
Property and Equipment   

The
Company s property and equipment used to conduct day-to-day business are recorded at cost less accumulated depreciation.
Depreciation expense is calculated using straight-line method over the estimated useful life below:  

Depreciation
expense totaled $9,638 and $8,808 for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, and $28,177 and
$30,186 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively.  

11.
COST METHOD INVESTMENT   

I n January
2015, the Company made a commitment to invest 5% of the paid-in capital in Xinjiang Microcredit Refinancing Co., Ltd. ( Microcredit
Refinancing ). Microcredit Refinancing is a newly formed micro refinancing company in the PRC with total registered capital
of RMB 1,000,000,000 (approximately $149,979,003). As at September 30, 2016, Microcredit Refinancing had paid-in capital of RMB
500,000,000 (approximately $74,989,501), and the Company had invested RMB 25,000,000 (approximately $3,749,475) in Microcredit
Refinancing. Such investment is accounted for under the cost method as the Company does not have significant influence over Microcredit
Refinancing. The cost of this investment approximated $3,749,475 and $3,851,071 as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015. 

An impairment charge is recorded if the carrying amount
of the equity investment exceeds its fair value and this condition is determined to be other-than-temporary. The Company performs
an impairment test on its cost method investment whenever events or changes in business circumstances indicate that an other-than-temporary
impairment has occurred, by considering current economic and market conditions, operating performance, development stages and technology
development, and engaging an independent third-party valuation firm to estimate the fair value of cost method investment, as appropriate.
The Company recorded no impairment charge to the carrying value of its investments under the cost method for the nine months ended
September 30, 2016 and 2015. 

CHINA
LENDING CORPORATION   

   NOTES
TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   

   September
30, 2016   

12.
Short-term Bank Loans, NET   

  The
following is a summary of the Company s short-term bank loans as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015:   

   Short-term
bank loans    

Interest
expense incurred on the above short-term bank loans was $162,719 an d $126,328  for
the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, and $420,921 an d $317,512  for
the nine Months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. Financing expenses incurred on the above short-term bank loans
was $48,404 and $79,380 for the three and nine Months ended September 30, 2016. The loans were guaranteed by certain shareholders
in Feng Hui and related parties. (See Note 22)     

  During
the nine months ended September 30, 2015, Feng Hui was granted loans from China Merchants Bank which were entrusted by a former
related party of Feng Hui, Urumqi Changhe Financing Guarantee Co., Ltd ( Changhe ), who was an investor of Feng Hui
before May 5, 2015.  After Changhe ceased to be Feng Hui s investor, it entrusted Tianshan
Rural Commercial Bank to grant Feng Hui more loans. The interest expenses incurred on loans provided by Changhe were $117,273
for the three months ended September 30, 2015 and $215,770 for the nine months ended September 30, 2015.     

  During
the nine Months ended September 30, 2016, Feng Hui was granted loans from   Tianshan
Rural Commercial Bank which were entrusted by Changhe and Urumqi Economic Development Zone Zhengxin Financing Guarantee Co., Ltd.
( Zhengxin ). The interest expenses incurred on loans provided by Changhe and Zhengxin were $115,259  and
$47,460  for the three months ended September 30, 2016, and $299,689  and $121,232
 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016.     

CHINA
LENDING CORPORATION   

   NOTES
TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   

   September
30, 2016   

13.
Secured LoanS   

The
following is a summary of the Company s secured loans as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015:  

As of September 30, 2016 and December
31, 2015, the secured loan has maturity terms within 1 year. Interest expense incurred on the secured loan was $439,897 and $$527,514
for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, and $1,689,961 and $$1,635,023 for the nine months ended
September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. Financing expenses incurred on the above short-term bank loans was $74,841 and $289,517
for the three and nine Months ended September 30, 2016.  

The
secured loan was guaranteed by shareholders of the Feng Hui (See Note 22), and Feng Hui pledged $ 2,999,580 and
$11,830,491 loans receivable from its customers as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively, to secure these
loans for the lender. 

The
Company is negotiating with the lender, China Great Wall Assets Management Co. Ltd to extend the loan. Detailed terms are under
negotiation.  

14.
loans FROM A COST INVESTMENT INVESTEE   

The
following is a summary of the Company s loans from Xinjiang Microcredit Refinancing Co. Ltd., financing company in which
the Company has a cost-basis investment (see Note 11), as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015:  

CHINA
LENDING CORPORATION   

   NOTES
TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   

   September
30, 2016   

Interest
expense incurred on the above loans for the three months ended September 30, 2016 was $442,445, and for the nine Months ended
September 30, 2016 was $1,375,684. The proceeds from these loans were used to fund Feng Hui s operations. Feng Hui pledged
loans receivable totaled $29,379,387 and $32,681,732 for these loans as of September 30, 2016  and December 31, 2015, and
Feng Hui s shareholders provided guarantee for these loans. (See note 22)  

15.
OTHER LIABILITIES   

Other
current liabilities as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 consisted of:  

Other non-current liabilities as of September 30,
2016 and December 31, 2015 consisted of: 

16.
Other Operating Expense   

Other
operating expense for the nine Months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 consisted of:  

17.
Employee Retirement Benefit   

The
Company has made employee benefit contribution in accordance with Chinese relevant regulations, including retirement insurance,
unemployment insurance, medical insurance, work injury insurance, birth insurance and housing fund. The Company recorded the contribution
in the salary and employee charges when incurred. The contributions made by the Company were $43,607 and $14,045 for the three
months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, and $90,136 and $47,389 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and
2015, respectively.  

18.
DIVIDEND PAYABLE   

Feng
Hui, the VIE of Adrie, declared dividends of RMB 43,000,000 (approximately $6,903,416) for the year ended December 31, 2015 to
its shareholders on January 13, 2016, which were paid on March 10, 2016.  

On
August 29, 2016, the Company declared common shares dividend of USD 2,060,435 which represents 15% of the Company s 2015
net income to the holders of record of the Company s ordinary shares on September 8, 2016. On October 17, 2016, the total
amount of common shares dividend was paid by cash of USD 2,043,275 and shares totalled 2,013 shares with par value USD 8.16 amounted
USD 17,160.  

On
September 30, 2016, the Company declared dividend of $161,727 for convertible redeemable preferred shares, which was included
in the balance of convertible redeemable preferred shares.  

CHINA
LENDING CORPORATION  

   NOTES
TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   

   September
30, 2016   

19 .
Statutory Reserves   

In
accordance with PRC regulations, the subsidiaries and VIE of the Company in the PRC are required to provide a statutory reserve,
which is appropriated from net income as reported in the Company s statutory accounts. The Company is required to allocate
10% of its annual after-tax profit to the statutory reserve until such reserve has reached 50% of its respective registered capital
based on the enterprise s PRC statutory accounts. The statutory reserves can only be used for specific purposes and are
not distributable as cash dividends. As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, statutory serves did not reach 50% of the
Company s registered capital.  

The
details of statutory reserves for each PRC subsidiary as set below:  

As
of September 30, 2016  

As
of December 31, 2015 

20.
EARNinGS PER SHARE   

The
following table sets forth the computation of basic and diluted earnings per common share for the three months and nine Months
ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively:  

Basic earnings per share to the ordinary
shareholders are computed by dividing the net income attributable to the ordinary shareholders by the weighted average number
of common shares outstanding during the year. Diluted earnings per share includes the weighted average dilutive effect of
Class A Convertible Redeemable Preferred Shares, Unit Purchase Option, Convertible Promissory Note and Nonvested Restricted
Shares to employees for the nine months ended September 30, 2016. The dilutive effect includes Class A Convertible
Redeemable Preferred Shares for three months ended September 30, 2016. Warrants are anti-dilutive for the three and nine
months ended September 30, 2016. 8 million restricted shares held in Escrow are excluded for both basic and diluted weighted
average shares since the earn out target attainable test is suppose to be performed at the year ended December 31, 2016 and
shares will be issuable until the year end as of December 31, 2016, 2017 and 2018 if the Company passed the earn out target
attainable test. 

CHINA
LENDING CORPORATION   

   NOTES
TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   

   September
30, 2016   

21.
TAXATION   

China
Lending Corporation is incorporated in British Virgin Islands with zero income tax rate. China Lending Corporation did not generate
taxable income in the British Virgin Islands for the period from July 7, 2016 to September 30, 2016.  

Adrie
is incorporated in the British Virgin Islands with zero income tax rate. Adrie did not generate taxable income in the British
Virgin Islands for the period from November 19, 2014 (date of inception) to September 30, 2016.  

Feng
Hui Holding was incorporated in Hong Kong and is subject to Hong Kong profits tax at 16.5%. No provision for Hong Kong income
or profit tax has been made as the Company has no assessable profit for the period from February 11, 2015 (date of inception)
to September 30, 2016 because the Company has no operation in Hong Kong.  

Jing
Kai was incorporated in the PRC. Jing Kai did not generate taxable income in the PRC for the period from May 14, 2015 (date of
inception) to September 30, 2016.  

Ding
Xin was incorporated in the PRC. Ding Xin generated taxable income in the PRC for the period from May 20, 2015 (date of inception)
to September 30, 2016, which is subject to PRC income tax at a rate of 25%.  

Feng
Hui was incorporated in the PRC. Feng Hui generated taxable income in the PRC for the nine months ended September 30, 2016. As
stipulated by the Taxation Law of PRC, Feng Hui is subjected to PRC income tax at a rate of 25%. Feng Hui is a qualified enterprise
engaged in industry list of Western Development Strategy and is therefore entitled to preferential tax rate of 15%.  

The
Company evaluates the level of authority for each uncertain tax position (including the potential application of interest and
penalties) based on the technical merits, and measures the unrecognized benefits associated with the tax positions. For the nine
months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, the Company had no unrecognized tax benefits.  

The
Company does not anticipate any significant increase to its liability for unrecognized tax benefit within the next 12 months.
The Company will classify interest and penalties related to income tax matters, if any, in income tax expense.  

Deferred income taxes are recognized for tax consequences
in future years of differences between the tax bases of assets and liabilities and their reported amounts in the financial statements
at each year-end. Deferred income tax was measured using the enacted income tax rates for the periods in which they are
expected to be reversed. The tax effects of temporary differences that give rise to the following approximate deferred tax assets
and liabilities as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 are presented below: 

The
Company had no net operating loss carryforward as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015.  

CHINA
LENDING CORPORATION   

   NOTES
TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   

   September
30, 2016   

In
assessing the realizability of deferred tax assets, management considers whether it is more likely than not that some portion
or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. The management considered all available evidence, both positive and negative,
in determining the realizability of deferred tax assets at September 30, 2016. Management considered carry back availability,
the scheduled reversals of deferred tax liabilities, projected future taxable income during the reversal periods, and tax planning
strategies in making this assessment. Management also considered recent history of taxable income, trends in the Company s
earnings and tax rate, positive financial ratios, and the impact of the downturn in the current economic environment (including
the impact of credit on allowance and provision for loans receivable) of the Company. Based upon its assessment, management believes
that a valuation allowance was not necessary as of September 30, 2016.  

The
effective tax rates for the nine months ended September 30,
2016 and 2015 were 18.0% and 16.1%, respectively. The reconciliation between the effective
income tax rate and the PRC statutory income tax rate of 15% and 25% respectively are as follows:  

The
enterprise income tax payable was as follows:  

CHINA
LENDING CORPORATION   

   NOTES
TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   

   September
30, 2016   

22.
Related Party Transactions AND BALANCES   

1) Nature
of relationships with related parties   

Name    
     Relationships with the Company  
 
     Xinjiang Puzhao Technology Development Co., Ltd.    
     A non-controlling investor of Feng Hui  
 
     Xinjiang Nolde Equity Investment Limited Partership    
     A non-controlling investor of Feng Hui  
 
     Xinjiang Huajun Energy Saving Equipment Co., Ltd.    
     A non-controlling investor of Feng Hui  
 
     Xinjiang Shuangcheng Equity Investment Co., Ltd.    
     A non-controlling investor of Feng Hui  
 
     Xinjiang Yongji Commercial Trading Co., Ltd.    
     A non-controlling investor of Feng Hui  
 
     Xinjiang Shenghe Dairy Co., Ltd.    
     A non-controlling investor of Feng Hui  
 
     Xinjiang Ruide Lighting Co., Ltd.    
     A non-controlling investor of Feng Hui  
 
     Xinjiang Puyuan Logistics Co., Ltd.    
     A non-controlling investor of Feng Hui  
 
     Liu Yuanqing    
     A non-controlling investor of Feng Hui  
 
     Guo Xiaoyan    
     A non-controlling investor of Feng Hui  
 
     Chen Hong    
     A non-controlling investor of Feng Hui  
 
     Zhang Jianfeng    
     A non-controlling investor of Feng Hui  
 
     Ma Shiyao    
     A non-controlling investor of Feng Hui  
 
     Xinjiang Xinrui Hongcheng Commercial Trading Co., Ltd.    
     A non-controlling investor of Feng Hui  
 
     Urumqi Changhe Credit Guarantee Co., Ltd    
     A non-controlling investor of Feng Hui (until May 5, 2015)  
 
     Li Jingping    
     General manager of the Company and a non-controlling investor of Feng Hui  
 
     Qi Wen    
     Legal representative of the Company and a non-controlling investor of Feng Hui  
 
     Xinjiang Xinheng Guarantee Co., Ltd.    
     A related company of a non-controlling investor of Feng Hui (until May 5, 2015)  
 
     Liu Shaohua    
     A management of a non-controlling investor of Feng Hui (until May 5, 2015)  
 
     Pan Chunju    
     A management of a non-controlling investor of Feng Hui  
 
     Zheng Yongde    
     A management of a non-controlling investor of Feng Hui  
 
     Wang Xijuan    
     A management of a non-controlling investor of Feng Hui  
 
     Han Guifen    
     A management of a non-controlling investor of Feng Hui  
 
     Shi Xiaofang    
     A management of a non-controlling investor of Feng Hui  
 
     Wang Qing    
     A management of a non-controlling investor of Feng Hui  
 
     Li Xincai    
     A management of a non-controlling investor of Feng Hui  
 
     Shi Feng    
     A management of a non-controlling investor of Feng Hui  
 
     Jin Cheng    
     A management of a non-controlling investor of Feng Hui  
 
     Xinjiang Century Lily Financing Guarantee Co., Ltd.    
     A related company of a non-controlling investor of Feng Hui  
 
     Turpan Zhongxin Microfinance Co., Ltd.    
     A related company of a non-controlling investor of Feng Hui  
 
     Wujiaqu Zhongyin Huifeng Microfinance Co., Ltd.    
     A related company of a non-controlling investor of Feng Hui  
 
      Xinjiang Fenghui Zhengxin Asset Management Co., Ltd.    
     A related company of non-controlling investors of Feng Hui  
 
     Qiao Yonggang    
     Staff of Feng Hui  
 
     Wang Hong    
     Staff of Feng Hui  

CHINA
LENDING CORPORATION   

   NOTES
TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   

   September
30, 2016   

2) 
Related party transactions   

A.     Loans
                                         to related parties - Loans  to and related parties of the Company, and
                                         outstanding balances were as follows:    

Interest
income derived from the above loans to related parties were $21,666 and $302,094 for the three months ended September 30, 2016
and 2015, respectively, and $133,891 and $1,068,518 for the nine Months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. These
loans were made in the normal course of the Company s lending operation. The interest rates on the above loans ranged between
nil~nil and 21.36%~24.00% for the nine Months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. As of September 30, 2016 and December
31, 2015, a general allowance for loan losses of nil and $11,137 was provided for the loans receivable from related parties.  

B.     Loans
                                         from a related party - Loans from a former investor of Feng Hui that were outstanding
                                         during the nine Months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 are as follows:    

The outstanding of loan from a related party was nil
and $1,605,446 as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively. 

During
the nine months ended September 30, 2015, Feng Hui was granted loans from China Merchants Bank which were entrusted by a former
related party of Feng Hui, Urumqi Changhe Financing Guarantee Co., Ltd ( Changhe ), who was an investor of Feng Hui
before May 5, 2015.  After Changhe ceased to be Feng Hui s investor, it entrusted Tianshan
Rural Commercial Bank to grant Feng Hui more loans. The interest expenses incurred on loans provided by Changhe were $9,483 for
the three months ended September 30, 2015 and $98,497 for the nine months ended September 30, 2015.    

CHINA
LENDING CORPORATION   

   NOTES
TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   

   September
30, 2016   

C.     Guarantees     

-    Guarantees
                                         of the loans receivable provided by Feng Hui s shareholders and related parties
                                         of the Company, and   outstanding balances were as follows:    

-   Guarantees
of the short-term bank loans of the Company provided by the Feng Hui s shareholders were as follows:   

CHINA
LENDING CORPORATION   

   NOTES
TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   

   September
30, 2016   

-    Guarantees
of the secured loans and  loans  from a cost investment investee of the Company provided
by  Feng Hui s shareholders and related parties
of the Company were as follows:  

CHINA
LENDING CORPORATION   

   NOTES
TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   

   September
30, 2016   

D.      Amount
                                         due from a related party     

The
following is a summary of amounts due from a related party as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015:  

E.   
       Sale of loans receivable to a related party    

On
November 26, 2015, the Company sold loan receivables totaling RMB 56,100,000 (approximately $9,006,000) to Xinjiang Feng Hui Zhengxin
Assets Management Co., Limited ( Zhengxin ) for RMB 56,100,000 (approximately $9,006,000) without recourse and received
in return fixed cash payments totaling RMB 45,363,776 (approximately $7,282,000) as of December 31, 2015. The fair value of loan
receivables at the time sold was RMB 52,767,000 (approximately $8,471,000) and the Company has recognized a capital gain of RMB
3,333,000 (approximately $535,000) in additional paid-in capital. As of September 30, 2015, the outstanding amount due from Zhengxin
was RMB 10,736,224 (approximately $1,654,000), which was received from Zhengxin in January 2016.  

23.
Concentration of Credit Risks   

As
of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the Company held cash of $8,088,049 and $6,732,601, respectively, that was uninsured
by the government authority. To limit exposure to credit risk relating to deposits, the Company primarily places cash deposits
only with large financial institutions in the PRC with acceptable credit ratings.  

The
Company s operations are carried out in the PRC. Accordingly, the Company s business, financial condition and results
of operations may be influenced by the political, economic and legal environments in the PRC as well as by the general state of
the PRC s economy. The business may be influenced by changes in governmental policies with respect to laws and regulations,
anti-inflationary measures, currency conversion and remittance abroad, and rates and methods of taxation, among other things.  

No
customer accounted for more than 10% of total loan balance as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015.  

24.
Commitments and Contingencies   

Operating
lease   

The
Company did not have any operating lease as of September 30, 2016.  

Legal
proceedings   

For
the nine months ended September 30, 2016, the Company was involved in three lawsuits with its loan customers for the aggregated
claim of delinquent balances of $7.67 million. As of September 30, 2016, two of the cases with an aggregated claim of $4.27 million
had been meditated by the Court in favor of the Company and one of cases with an aggregated claim of $804,925 was in the process
of enforcement. The remaining case with an aggregated claim of $2.6 million had been adjudicated by the Court in favor of the
Company.  

25.
Subsequent Event   

On
August 29, 2016, the Company declared common shares dividend of USD 2,060,435 which represents 15% of the Company s 2015
net income to the holders of record of the Company s ordinary shares on September 8, 2016. On October 17, 2016, the total
amount of common shares dividend was paid by cash of USD 2,043,275 and shares totaled 2,013 shares with amounted of $17,160.  

Item
2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations   

Forward-Looking
Statements   

This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q includes
forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act ). We have based these forward-looking statements on
our current expectations and projections about future events. These forward-looking statements are subject to known and unknown
risks, uncertainties and assumptions about us that may cause our actual results, levels of activity, performance or achievements
to be materially different from any future results, levels of activity, performance or achievements expressed or implied by such
forward-looking statements. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terminology such as  may, 
 should,   could,   would,   expect,   plan,   anticipate, 
 believe,   estimate,   continue,  or the negative of such terms or other similar expressions.
Factors that might cause or contribute to such a discrepancy include, but are not limited to, those described in our other Securities
and Exchange Commission ( SEC ) filings. References to  we ,  us ,  our  or the
 Company  are to China Lending Corporation (formerly DT Asia Investments Limited), except where the context requires
otherwise. The following management discussion and analysis ( MD A ) should be read in conjunction with our unaudited
financial statements and related notes thereto included elsewhere in this report and in conjunction with MD A and audited financial
statements included in our annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended March 31, 2016 filed on June 29, 2016. All capitalized
terms in this MD A that are not defined shall have the meaning ascribed to them in the Notes to the Financial Statements included
herewith. 

Overview   

DT
Asia Investments Limited ( DT Asia ) was a blank check company incorporated on April 8, 2014, under the laws of the
British Virgin Islands ( BVI ) with limited liability (meaning our public shareholders have no liability, as members
of the Company, for the liabilities of the Company over and above the amount paid for their shares) formed for the purpose of
acquiring, engaging in a share exchange, share reconstruction and amalgamation, purchasing all or substantially all of the assets
of, entering into contractual arrangements, or engaging in any other similar business combination with one or more businesses
or entities.  

Adrie
Global Holdings Limited ( Adrie,  and together with its subsidiaries and variable interest entity ( VIE )
the  Company ), was incorporated under the laws of British Virgin Islands on November 19, 2015. The Company, through
its subsidiaries and VIE engages in the business of providing loan facilities to micro, small and medium sized enterprises and
sole proprietors in Xinjiang Uyghur Autonomous Region ( Xinjiang Province ) of the People s Republic of China
( PRC ).  

On July 6, 2016,  DT Asia consummated
the initial business combination transaction contemplated by a Share Exchange Agreement dated January 11, 2016, by and among Adrie
using cash from the proceeds of our initial public offering and the private placement of the private units, or our shares. Immediately
after the Business combination, DT Asia changed its company name to China Lending Corporation, and continues the existing business
operations of Adrie as a publicly traded Company under the name  China Lending Corporation  (the  China Lending ,
 Company ). Pursuant to the Exchange Agreement, China Lending (formerly known as  DT Asia ) acquired 100%
of the issued and outstanding equity interests of Adrie, which is comprised of Adrie which conducts its business through its variable
interest entity ( VIE ), Urumqi Feng Hui Direct Lending Limited ( Feng Hui ), and its consolidated subsidiaries,
which include Jin Kai and Ding Xin, from the shareholders of Adrie (the  Transaction ). Adrie became wholly-owned subsidiaries
and variable interest entity of China.  

Upon
the consummation of the Transaction, Adrie shareholders received 20,000,000 ordinary shares ( Purchased Shares ) of
China Lending. However, 8,000,000 Purchased Shares deposited in an escrow account ( Escrow Earn-out Shares ) and,
together with related dividends, will be forfeitable or released subject to the achievement of earn-out targets and to the payment
of indemnification obligations as set forth in the Exchange Agreement. During the time held in the escrow account, each holder
of Escrow Earned-out Shares has the right to vote and is entitled to dividend based on its pro rata share subject to adjustment
for the forfeiture based on earned out targets and to the payment of indemnification obligations. One-third of the Escrow Shares
shall be released upon the post-combination Company obtaining certain specified adjusted consolidated net income targets in each
of the calendar years 2016, 2017 and 2018.  

Immediately
following the closing of the exchange, the board of directors of the post-combination company consisted of five directors, three
of whom were designated by Adrie and two shall be designated by DT Asia. The Transaction was accounted for as a  reverse
merger  and recapitalization at the date of the consummation of the transaction since the shareholders of Adrie owned at
least 87.4% of the outstanding ordinary shares of China Lending immediately following the completion of the Transaction and Adrie s
operations was the operations of China Lending following the Transaction. Accordingly, Adrie was deemed to be the accounting acquirer
in the transaction and, consequently, the transaction is treated as a recapitalization of Adrie. As a result, the assets and liabilities
and the historical operations that was reflected in the China Lending Corporation s financial statements after consummation
of the Transaction will be those of Adrie and was recorded at the historical cost basis of Adrie. China Lending s assets,
liabilities and results of operations will be consolidated with the assets, liabilities and results of operations of Adrie upon
consummation of the Transaction. No step-up in basis or intangible assets or goodwill are recorded in this transaction.  

After the  consummation
of the Transaction, there were 22,894,067 ordinary shares outstanding (including escrow shares). On September 22, 2016, the
Compensation Committee of the Company have approved the issuance of 2,700 ordinary shares to 19 employees of the Company in
the amounts of $21,330 and subject to the vesting schedule specified such that half of these shares shall vest on September
22, 2017 and the remaining half of the shares shall vest on September 22, 2018. As of September 30, 2016, there were
22,896,765 ordinary shares and 9,280,323 warrants outstanding.  

Urumqi
Feng Hui Direct Lending Limited ( Feng Hui ) is a company established under the laws of the PRC on June 12, 2009,
and its investors as of September 30, 2016 consisted of nine PRC companies and seven PRC individuals. Feng Hui is a microcredit
company primarily engaged in providing direct loan services to small-to-medium sized enterprises, farmers and individuals in Xinjiang
Province, PRC. Until August 1, 2015, Adrie conducted its business solely through Feng Hui.  

As
of September 30, 2016, Feng Hui is one of the top direct lending operations in Xinjiang Province in terms of registered capital
and loans receivables according to data from the PBOC. Feng Hui typically provides MSMEs, family-run businesses, farmers and individual
borrowers with working capital and bridge financing support, primarily through means of short-term loans based upon their needs
and qualifications.  

In
line with its business environment and funding demands, as well as the risk minimization requirements and increase adaptability
to the changes in economy and industry, the Company s mandate is to maintain loan facilities that are small in size and
short term and to diversify its customer base into multiple industries.  

In
addition to loan origination and servicing, the Company leverages its strength to provide its customers with financing-related
value-added services, tailored financing solutions and advisory services on finance and tax management.  

In
August 2016, as part of the corporate social responsibility, the Company has mandated to support social enterprises and green
projects. In September 2016, the Company has successfully supported three social projects while maintaining the operation practices
of the Company.  

The
following are some key measures of the Company s direct lending operations:  

During
    the nine months ended September 30, 2016, the Company s average loan size decreased $0.40 million, or 36.8%, to $0.68
    million, compared to the average loan size of $1.08 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2015, having size of
    loans range from $7.50 thousand to $2.86 million. During the third quarter of 2016, the Company s average loan size
    decreased $0.92 million, or 92.6%, to $0.07 million, compared to the average loan size of $0.99 million during the third quarter
    of 2015. Pursuant to China s PBOC requirement on Management of Small-Amount Loan, any loan extended by a direct lender
    to a single client shall not exceed 5% of its net assets. The Company s internal guidelines provide that any loan extended
    to a single client may not exceed 5% of Feng Hui s paid-in capital, which results in a current maximum loan size of
    approximately $4.6 million. The Company s average amount of loan with the size of loans ranging from $7.5 thousand to
    $3.0 million.   

Instead of issuing loan facilities of one year and longer as in banks and other financial institutions,
                                                                              the Company has been providing its customers with loans of one year and shorter durations. The average term of loans issued
                                                                              during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was 5.5 months, a decrease of 2.2 months as compared to the average term
                                                                              of 7.7 months during the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The average term of loans issued during the third quarter of
                                                                              2016 was 5.7 months, a decrease of 0.2  months as
                                                                              compared to the average term of 5.9 months during the third quarter of 2015.  

The
    Company attempts to spread its industry risk and to avoid over reliance on any particular industry by diversifying its customer
    base into several industries. As of September 30, 2016, the Company s business covered more than eight industries with
    a single industry representing more than 50% of our business which was mainly caused by seasonality of that industry. The
    industries covered include Commerce and Trade, Real Estates, Energy and Mining, Agriculture, Manufacturing, Supply Chain Financing,
    Service and Others.   

Credit risks, including customer defaults from the direct lending business is inherent in the Company s
principal business. The Company s credit evaluation and risk management system was developed based upon its extensive experience
in serving MSMEs and allows it to effectively conduct its direct lending business with a very low default rate. From Feng Hui s
inception until September 30, 2016, the cumulative bad debt was $1.0  
million representing less than 0.10% of the aggregate principal amount of loans during the period.  

Key
Factors that Affect Operating Results    

Feng
Hui is located in the Economic Technological Development Zone of Urumqi, one of the cities in northwestern China that most significantly
benefits under the New Silk Road (One Belt, One Road) initiative. The Company s management believes that this initiative
will bring new investment opportunities and business activities into Urumqi over the next ten years at the minimum, and the demand
for capital and loan facilities should be significantly higher than before the initiative.  

Although the PRC economy has grown in recent years, the pace of growth has slowed, and even that rate of growth
may not continue. According to the National Bureau of Statistics in China ( NBS ), the annual rate of growth in the
PRC declined from 7.7% in 2013 to 7.3% in 2014, and 6.9%  
in 2015, and the annual rate of growth in Xinjiang Province has declined from 11.0% in 2013 to 10.0% in 2014 and 8.8% in 2015.
A further slowdown in overall economic growth, an economic downturn or recession or other adverse economic developments in the
PRC may materially reduce the demand for the Company s direct lending service and may have a materially adverse effect on
its business.  

Our
operating subsidiaries are incorporated, and our operations and assets are primarily located, in China. Accordingly, our results
of operations, financial condition and prospects are affected by China s economic and regulation conditions in the following
factors: (a) an economic downturn in China or any regional market in China; (b) economic policies and initiatives undertaken by
the Chinese government; (c) changes in the Chinese or regional business or regulatory environment affecting the MSMEs; (e) changes
to prevailing market interest rates; (f) a higher rate of bankruptcy; and (g) the deterioration of the creditworthiness of MSMEs
in general. Unfavorable changes could affect demand for services that we provide and could materially and adversely affect the
results of operations. Although the Company has generally benefited from China s economic growth and the policies to encourage
lending to MSMEs, the Company is also affected by the complexity, uncertainties and changes in the Chinese economic conditions
and regulations governing the non- banking financial industry.  

The
Company s results of operations are also affected by the provision for loan losses which are a noncash item and represent
an assessment of the risk of future loan losses. The amount of provisions or allowances has been recorded based on management s
assessment. The Company may increase or decrease the allowance for loan based on any such change of economic conditions and the
change of management s assessment. Any change in the allowance for loan losses would have an effect on our financial condition
and results of operation.  

Results
of Operations   

Nine
months Ended September 30, 2016 vs. Nine months Ended September 30, 2015   

   And   

   Three
months Ended September 30, 2016 vs. Three months Ended September 30, 2015   

Interest
Income    

The
Company s interest income consists of interest and fees on its direct lending loans, financial advisory fees and interest
on deposits with banks. Total interest income increased by $7.2 million, or 36.5%, to $26.9 million for the nine months ended
September 30, 2016, compared to $19.7 million for the same period in 2015. Total interest income increased by $3.1 million, or
51.6%, to $9.0 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016, compared to $5.9 million for the same period in 2015. These
increases were mainly due to more loans issued as the Company obtained additional funds through borrowing secured loans and short-term
bank loans after the increase in registered capital. The Company also obtained additional funds via borrowing loans from a cost
investment investee. These additional funds enable the Company to develop more loan businesses and, accordingly, interest income
on loans increased.  

Interest
Expense    

The
interest rates per annum on loans received ranged between 10% to 12% and 10% to 12% for the nine month and three month ending
September 30, 2016 respectively.  

Interest expense increased by $1.3 million, or 48.3%,
during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to that for the same period in 2015, and increased by $0.2 million,
or 18.8% for the three months ended September 30, 2016, compared to that for the same quarter in 2015. These increases were
mainly caused by the increase of interest expenses on loans from a cost investment investee. As the ability to borrow strengthened
after the increase in registered capital in September, 2014, Feng Hui increased borrowings to support its business development. 

Allowance
for Loan Losses    

At
the commencement of operations, the Company did not have a sufficient operating history to develop a reasonable estimation for
its loan loss allowance. However, since 2013, the Company has been able to develop reasonable estimation for its loan loss allowance,
and it s consistent with the 1% general reserve plus special reserve.  

Since
inception in 2009, the Company has been able to keep the loan loss under 1%. With the six years  operating history and management
team s experience, management believes that the Company has the capabilities to gather reliable data. Furthermore, in 2016
Feng Hui has invested in a propriety Credit Risk Analytic Platform system to capture and to analyze such credit and loss data,
which is currently in operation.  

The
Company has been using the 1% floor requirement as its peer and industry data since 2009, the 1% has proven to be a fair estimation
and to date, the Company s actual loan losses have not exceeded 1%.  

Due
to the fact that one of the major performance evaluation criteria of the senior management team is based on loan losses not exceeding
1%, such performance evaluation program as stipulated by the shareholders provides a natural and interactive validation and back
test process for the 1% general allowance for loan loss estimate against actual loan losses. Since inception in 2009, the Company s
actual loan losses were being scrutinized and back tested by the board of directors shortly after the end of each year specifically
focusing on whether the actual loan loss exceeds 1% of the loans receivable balance for each respective year for performance evaluation
purpose. Until now, the board of directors has been satisfied with the actual results and the management has never been penalized
for loan loss exceeding 1% of each of the respective year end loans receivable balance. From the back test result, the actual
loan loss for 2013 and 2014 were Nil and for 2015 was $642,178 representing 0%, 0% and 0.45% of the respective loans receivable.
Even though the back test results were a lot less than 1.00% in the past three years, the management believes that due to the
fact that the company s customers base is quite diversified into multiple industries, the general reserve is reasonably
reflective of the incurred risk in loan losses within the region. Through the results of our validation, back test and performance
evaluation processes, the management, will not only refine our current allowance for loan loss methodology, but also will improve
our credit rating and approval process down to geography, industry and nature of collateral.  

In
addition, besides the normal 1% general provision, the management believes it is appropriate to provide for an additional 0.5%
specific provision on the loan receivables for the industry that in excess of 50% of the total loan receivables to cover for the
additional risk exposure caused by over-concentration in and over-reliant on a particular industry.  

While
the Company believes its management uses the best information available to make loan loss allowance evaluations, adjustments to
the allowance may be necessary based on changes in economic and other conditions or changes in accounting guidance.  

Provision
for loan losses increased by $2.5 million to $3.5 million, or 254.3% during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 as compared
to the same period in 2015, and increased by $1.4 million to $1.9 million, or 279.1% during the third quarter in 2016 as compared
to the third quarter in 2015. These increases were mainly attributable to some of the delinquent loans and interest receivable
during these periods in which the Company has increased provision percentages and amounts to reflect the repayments expected to
be provided by the collateral, pledged assets and guarantees, which weakened as a result of legal proceedings and difficulties
in enforcing the collateral and guarantees for three cases that management believes are isolated and involve unique circumstances
not indicative of systemic issues. Additionally, loan receivables for tire supply chain financing industry as of September 30,
2016 was approximately 57.2% of the total loan receivables, and an additional specific provision of 0.5% was provided on tire
business loans to cover over-concentration risk on this industry, which caused additional increase in provision for loan losses
for the nine months and three months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to the same periods in 2015.  

The
Company recognizes a charge-off when management determines that full repayment of a loan is not probable. The primary factor in
making that determination is the potential outcome of a lawsuit against the delinquent debtor. The Company will recognize a charge-off
when the Company loses contact with the delinquent borrower for more than nine months or when the court rules against the Company
to seize the collateral asset of the delinquent debt from either the guarantor or borrower. In addition, when the recoverability
of the delinquent debt is highly unlikely, the senior management team will go through a stringent procedure to approve a charge-off
under the following circumstances, after exhausting all possible efforts according to the applicable laws:  

1.
         Debtor or guarantor declares bankruptcy, wind-up, dissolution or revocation, and terminate corporate status;  

2.       The natural person debtor is deceased, or is deemed missing or deceased in accordance with the  Civil Law of the People s
Republic of China   

3.        Debtor suffers huge losses as a result of major natural disasters or accidents, and is unable to obtain enough insurance compensation
to cover its debts;  

4.        Debtor violates criminal laws and receives legal penalty, while its properties are inadequate to cover delinquent payments and
there is no other debtors sharing joint liabilities;  

5.        Loans are delinquent more than two years after a court enforces the debtor and the guarantor to make repayments;  

6.        In the event of liquidation of a debtor, residual values are inadequate to cover delinquent loans owed to the Company after settlement
of liabilities owed to all senior creditors.  

Even
when any of the above circumstance occurs, the Company will exhaust all its efforts to recover payments prior to its decision
to charge off a bad loan.  

Non-Interest
Expense    

Non-interest expense mainly consisted of salary and
benefits for employees, business tax and surcharges, office expenses, travel costs, entertainment expenses, depreciation of equipment,
professional fees and office supplies. Non-interest expenses decreased by $0.9 million, or 23.4%, to $2.8 million during the nine
months ended September 30 2016, compared to $3.7 million for the same period in 2015. The decrease was primarily attributed to
a reduction in legal and professional expenses related to going public. Non-interest expenses increased by $0.2 million, or 19.9%,
to $1.3 million during the third quarter in 2016, compared to $1.1 million for the same period in 2015. The increase was primarily
attributed to the increase in salaries, professional fees, travel costs, entertainment expenses and depreciation expense resulting
from the Company s business expansion. 

Income
Taxes    

As
stipulated by the Taxation Law of PRC, Feng Hui is subject to PRC income tax rate of 25%. Feng Hui is a qualified enterprise engaged
in industry under the Western Development Strategy and is therefore entitled to preferential tax rate of 15%.  

Current
income taxes are provided for in accordance with the laws of the relevant taxing authorities. As part of the process of preparing
financial statements, Feng Hui is required to estimate its income taxes in each of the jurisdictions in which it operates. The
Company accounts for income taxes using the liability method. Under this method, deferred income taxes are recognized for tax
consequences in future years of differences between the tax bases of assets and liabilities and their reported amounts in the
financial statements at each year-end and tax loss carry forwards. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted
tax rates applicable for the differences that are expected to affect taxable income.  

The
Company adopts a more likely than not threshold and a two-step approach for the tax position measurement and financial statement
recognition. Under the two-step approach, the first step is to evaluate the tax position for recognition by determining if the
weight of available evidence indicates that it is more likely than not that the position will be sustained, including resolution
of related appeals or litigation process, if any. The second step is to measure the tax benefit as the largest amount that is
more than 50% likely of being realized upon settlement. As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the Company did not have
any uncertain tax position.  

The
Company evaluates the level of authority for each uncertain tax position (including the potential application of interest and
penalties) based on the technical merits, and measures the unrecognized benefits associated with the tax positions.  

The
Company does not anticipate any significant increase to its liability for unrecognized tax benefit within the next 12 months.
The Company will classify interest and penalties related to income tax matters, if any, in income tax expense.  

Deferred
income taxes are recognized for tax consequences in future years of differences between the tax bases of assets and liabilities
and their reported amounts in the financial statements at each year-end and tax loss carry forwards.  

Income taxes increased by $1.0 million, or 51.2% to $3.0 million during the nine months ended September 30,
2016 from $2.0 million during the same period in 2015. The increase was mainly due to the new operation for Ding Xin which is not
eligible for the preferential tax treatment. Income taxes increased by $0.3 million, or 69.5% to $0.8 million during the third
quarter in 2016 from $0.5 million during the same period in 2015. The increase was mainly due to the new operation for Ding Xin
which is not eligible for the preferential tax treatment. Ding Xin was organized in the second quarter of 2015 and started operations
as of August 1, 2015 to provide risk management related consulting services to clients within the Company as well as other players
in the industry. Since its inception through September 30, 2016, Ding Xin has provided consulting services to 330   clients.
Ding Xin is subject to PRC income tax at a rate of 25%.  

Net
Income    

As
a result of the above, net income increased by over $3.3 million, or 31.4%, to $13.7 million for the nine months ended September
30, 2016, compared to $10.4 million for the same period in 2015, and increased by $1.0 million, or 34.6%, to $3.9 million for
the third quarter in 2016, compared to $2.9 million for the same period in 2015.  

Critical
Accounting Policies and Estimates   

Management s
discussion and analysis of our results of operations and liquidity and capital resources are based on our unaudited financial
information. We describe our significant accounting policies in Note 2 - Significant Accounting Policies, of the Notes to Financial
Statements included in this report. Our unaudited financial statements have been prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP for interim
financial reporting. In the opinion of management, all adjustments (consisting of normal recurring adjustments) have been made
that are necessary to present fairly the financial position, the results of its operations and its cash flows. Operating results
as presented are not necessarily indicative of the results to be expected for a full year. Certain of our accounting policies
require that management apply significant judgments in defining the appropriate assumptions integral to financial estimates. On
an ongoing basis, management reviews the accounting policies, assumptions, estimates and judgments to ensure that our financial
statements are presented fairly and in accordance with U.S. GAAP. Judgments are based on historical experience, terms of existing
contracts, industry trends and information available from outside sources, as appropriate. However, by their nature, judgments
are subject to an inherent degree of uncertainty, and, therefore, actual results could differ from our estimates.  

Loan
Impairment    

A
loan is considered impaired when, based on current information and events, it is probable that the Company will be unable to collect
the scheduled payments of principal or interest when due according to the contractual terms of the loan agreement. Factors considered
by management in determining impairment include payment status, collateral value and the probability of collecting scheduled principal
and interest payments when due. Loans that experience insignificant payment delays and payment shortfalls generally are not classified
as impaired. Management determines the significance of payment delays and payment shortfalls on a case-by-case basis, taking into
consideration all of the circumstances surrounding the loan and the borrower, including the length of the delay, the reasons for
the delay, the borrower s prior payment record and the amount of the shortfall in relation to the principal and interest
owed. Impairment is measured on a loan by loan basis for corporate and personal loans by either the present value of expected
future cash flows discounted at the loan s effective interest rate or the fair value of the collateral if the loan is collateral
dependent.  

An
allowance for loan losses is established for an impaired loan if its carrying value exceeds its estimated fair value. Currently,
estimated fair values of substantially all of the Company s impaired loans are measured based on the estimated fair value
of the loan s collateral which approximates to the carrying value due to the short term nature of the loans.  

Loans
with modified terms are classified as troubled debt restructurings if the Company grants such borrowers concessions and it is
deemed that those borrowers are experiencing financial difficulty. Concessions granted under a troubled debt restructuring generally
involve a temporary below market rate reduction in interest rate or an extension of a loan s stated maturity date. Non-accrual
troubled debt restructurings are restored to accrual status if principal and interest payments, under the modified terms, are
current for six consecutive months after modification. Loans classified as troubled debt restructurings are designated as impaired.  

The
Company allows a one-time loan extension based on an ancillary company policy with a period up to the original loan period, which
is usually within twelve months. According to the Company s loan management policy, granting an initial one-time extension
requires a new underwriting and credit evaluation. Borrowers are required to submit an extension application 10 days before expiration
of the original loan. Then the Company s loan service department will investigate whether material changes have happened
to the borrower s business which may impact its repayment ability. The Company s risk management department will reevaluate
the loan. If the Company decides to grant a one-time extension, an extension agreement will be executed between the borrower and
the Company, plus the Company requires that it receive a commitment letter from any guarantor, agreeing to the loan extension
and extend the guarantee s duration. In evaluating the extension and underwriting new loans, the Company will request that
borrowers obtain guarantees from state-owned or public guarantee companies. The principal of the loan remains the same and the
interest rate is fixed at the current interest rate at the time of extension.  

Revenue
Recognition   

The
Company recognizes revenue when persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists, service has been performed, the price is fixed or
determinable and collection is reasonably assured, on the following:  

1.
Interest income on loans. Interest on loan receivables is accrued monthly in accordance with their contractual terms and
recorded in accrued interest receivable. The Company does not charge customers any penalty for prepayment of loans. Additionally,
any previously accrued but uncollected interest is reversed and accrual is discontinued, when either (i) reasonable doubt exists
as to the full, timely collection of interest or principal or (ii) when a loan becomes past due by more than 90 days.  

2. Consultancy
services on loans. The Company receives fees from consultancy services in full at inception and records as unearned income before
amortizing it throughout the period of services.  

Income
Taxes   

The
Company accounts for income taxes in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 740,  Income Taxes.  ASC 740 requires a company
to use the asset and liability method of accounting for income taxes, whereby deferred tax assets are recognized for deductible
temporary differences, and deferred tax liabilities are recognized for taxable temporary differences. Temporary differences are
the differences between the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and their tax bases. The Company reduces deferred tax assets
by a valuation allowance when, in the opinion of its management, it is more likely than not that some portion, or all of, the
deferred tax assets will not be realized.  

The
Company adjusts deferred tax assets and liabilities for the effects of changes in tax laws and rates on the date of enactment.  

Under
ASC 740, a tax position is recognized as a benefit only if it is  more likely than not  that the tax position would
be sustained in a tax examination, with a tax examination being presumed to occur. The amount recognized is the largest amount
of tax benefit that is greater than 50% likely of being realized on examination. For tax positions not meeting the  more
likely than not  test, no tax benefit is recorded. The adoption had no material effect on the Company s combined financial
statements as of September 30, 2016.  

Liquidity
and Capital Resources   

The
Company has funded working capital and other capital requirements primarily by equity contribution from shareholders, cash flow
from operations, short term bank loans and secured loans. Cash is required to repay debts, salaries, office expenses, income taxes
and other operating expenses.  

As
of July 6, 2016, the Company has issued 715,000 newly created Series A convertible preferred stock for a proceeds of $8,580,000
in a private placement to certain accredited investors to provide additional operating capital for the Company.  

As of July 6, 2016, the Company closed its business combination with Adrie, the transaction was approved at
a special meeting of the Company s shareholders held on July 5, 2016. In connection with the special meeting of shareholders,
out of the total 1,604,406 public shares, except for the 60,268 public shares that sustained, 1,544,138 of the Company s
public shares were validly presented to the Company for redemption. The actual redemption price was $10.26 per share. After pay
off of legal expenses and Early  Bird Capital  ( EBC )
expenses and repayment of the Sponsor promissory note and receipt of $8.6 million proceeds from issuance of Class A convertible
redeemable preferred shares,  we have $5,969,959 net closing proceeds available and the total cash balance on HSBC, UBS ad
JP Morgan Chase is approximately $6.1 million. Further, in addition to the $1.5 million cash payment, we issued 34,300 ordinary
shares valued at $10 per share, and $250,000 convertible note payables (one year no interest convertible at $10 at EBC s
option) to EBC as the total payment settlement for the EBC advisory fee. On July 6, 2016 $1,100,000 has been paid to the Sponsor.
According to the Sponsor Loan Side Letter dated July 6, 2016 regarding the remaining $500,000 convertible note, $100,000 was converted
to 10,000 units and the remaining $400,000 convertible note has been extended for six month and is payable on or before Jan 6,
2016. Besides the two promissory notes and $40,000 accounts payable to related party, all accrued expense accounts are paid off
and prepaid expense accounts are charged to expense. As a result of the Business Combination, the Company continues the existing
business operations of Adrie as a publicly traded company under the name  China Lending Corporation.   

The
Company s management believes that current levels of cash and cash flows from operations will be sufficient to meet its
anticipated cash needs for at least the next 12 months. However, it may need additional cash resources in the future if it experiences
changed business conditions or other developments, and may also need additional cash resources in the future if it wishes to pursue
opportunities for investment, acquisition, strategic cooperation or other similar actions. If it is determined that the cash requirements
exceed the Company s amounts of cash and cash equivalents on hand, the Company may seek to issue debt or equity securities
or obtain a credit facility.  

The
following summarizes the key components of the Company s cash flows for nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015:  

Net cash provided by operating activities was
approximately $17.0 million for nine month ended September 30, 2016, an increase of $6.7 million from the $10.3 million net cash
provided by operating activities for the same period in 2015. The change was mainly a result of an increase of $3.3 million in
net income, an increase of $1.6 million in changes in amount due from related party, an increase of $2.5 million in provision for
loan losses, an increase of $1.0 million in changes in taxes payable, a decrease of $1.2 million in changes in other current liabilities
and an increase of $0.3 million in changes in deferred tax expenses, respectively. 

Net cash used in investing activities was approximately
$12.5 million and $10.7 million for nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. Net cash used in investing activities
for nine months ended September 30, 2016 was mainly consisted of cash outflows of $248.8 million in originated loans disbursement
and cash inflows of $236.4 million in repayment of loans from customers. Net cash used in investing activities for nine months
ended September 30, 2015 was mainly consisted of cash outflows of $171.6 million in originated loans disbursement, cash outflows
of $4.1 million in payment for a cost method investment and cash inflows of $165.1 million in proceeds from disposal of loans receivable
to a related party. 

Net cash used in financing activities for nine
months ended September 30, 2016 was approximately $9.2 million, while net cash provided by financing activities was $2.8 million
for nine months ended September 30, 2015. Net cash used in financing activities for nine months ended September 30, 2016 was mainly
consisted of cash outflows of $9.3 million in repayment of secured loan, cash outflows of $6.6 million in payments of dividends
and cash inflows of $10.4 million in proceeds from short-term bank borrowings, partially offset by cash outflows of $3.7 million
in repayment of short-term bank borrowings. Net cash provided by financing activities for nine months ended September 30, 2015
was mainly consisted of cash inflows of $16.1 million in proceeds from loans from a cost investment investee, cash inflows of $11.3
million in proceeds from short-term bank borrowings, cash inflows of $9.9 million in proceeds from secured loan, partially offset
by cash outflows of $13.0 million in repayment of short-term bank borrowings, cash outflows of $15.8 million in repayment of secured
loan and cash outflows of $5.7 million in payments of dividends. 

As of September 30, 2016, cash and cash equivalents of $8,088,049 was denominated in USD, HKD and RMB and
held by the Company and its subsidiaries and the VIE, among which $486,273 was held by the VIE Feng Hui. As of December 31, 2015,
cash and cash equivalents of $6,732,601was all denominated in RMB and held by the Company s subsidiaries and the VIE in PRC,
among which $6,004,080 was held by the VIE Feng Hui. 

The
RMB is currently convertible under the  current account,  which includes dividends, trade and service-related foreign
exchange transactions, but not under the  capital account,  which includes foreign direct investment and loans. Currently,
our PRC subsidiaries, which are wholly-foreign owned enterprises, may purchase foreign currency for settlement of  current
account transactions,  including payment of dividends to us, without the approval of SAFE by complying with certain procedural
requirements. However, the relevant PRC governmental authorities may limit or eliminate our ability to purchase foreign currencies
in the future for current account transactions. Since a significant amount of our future revenue will continue to be denominated
in Renminbi, any existing and future restrictions on currency exchange may limit our ability to utilize revenue generated in Renminbi
to fund our business activities outside of the PRC or pay dividends in foreign currencies to our shareholders. Foreign exchange
transactions under the capital account remain subject to limitations and require approvals from, or registration with, SAFE or
banks and other relevant PRC governmental authorities.  

Certain
net assets of Feng Hui are subject to restrictions due to the Pledge Agreement. Under the Pledge Agreement entered into between
Feng Hui and China Great Wall Assets Management Co. Ltd ( Great Wall ) for the purpose of obtaining secured loans
under ordinary course of business, Feng Hui shall pledge a portion of its loan receivables. According to the Property Law of the
PRC, which was adopted at the 5th session of the Tenth National People s Congress on March 16, 2007, after the receivables
have been pledged, Feng Hui shall not transfer the receivables, unless it is otherwise agreed on by Great Wall.  

There
are certain restrictions related to the transfer of net assets by Feng Hui:  

1. According to the Corporate
Law of the People s Republic of China (2013 Amendment), before Feng Hui distributes dividends to its shareholders, it shall
make up the losses of the previous year, if any, and draw common reserves. In addition, as agreed on the Exclusive Purchase Option
Agreement between Feng Hui and Ding Xin, Feng Hui s Shareholders  General Meeting shall not approve any Profit Distribution
Proposal, nor shall Feng Hui s shareholders accept any distributed dividend without Ding Xin s prior written consent. 

2. Feng Hui shall pay a
business cooperation fee to Ding Xin. Pursuant to the Exclusive Business Cooperation Agreement entered into by Feng Hui and Ding
Xin, the business cooperation fee provided by Feng Hui to Ding Xin shall be determined based on the complexity, time consumed,
services content and value of services provided by Ding Xin. Unless the Exclusive Business Cooperation Agreement is determined
to be in violation of any existing or future PRC laws, the payment of business cooperation fee by Feng Hui to Ding Xin is not subject
to any restrictions at present. 

3. Feng Hui may not transfer its major assets. According to the Exclusive Purchase Option Agreement and Equity
Pledge Agreement, Feng Hui shall not or assist its shareholders to transfer, mortgage or otherwise dispose of the lawful rights
and interests to and in its assets, nor shall it or assist its shareholders to encumber its assets in any way that would affect
Ding Xin s security interests except under ordinary course of business of Feng Hui or upon prior written consent by Ding
Xin. 

4.
Feng Hui will offer loans to its clients when it engages in direct lending. According to Urumqi s Micro-credit Lending Companies 
pilot operation issued by General Office of the People s Government of Urumqi Municipality on June 9, 2009, the same borrower s
outstanding loan cannot exceed 5% of Feng Hui s net capital.  

There
are certain restrictions related to any transfer of the Company s assets to Feng Hui:  

The Company may not be able to invest nor
lend funds directly to Feng Hui. According to the Administration of Foreign Debts Tentative Procedures, promulgated jointly by
the State Development Planning Commission ( SDPC ), the Ministry of Finance and the State Administration of Foreign
Exchange ( SAFE ) on 8 January 2003, if Feng Hui plan to borrow medium- and long-term international commercial loans,
it shall get approval of the SDPC; if Feng Hui plan to borrow short-term international commercial loans, the State shall implement
administration of balance, the balance shall be verified by the SAFE. Given the procedures as mentioned above are too complicated
in practice, alternatively, in order to fund the Chinese operations, the Company may fund foreign currency to Ding Xin or Jing
Kai through registered capital increase or loans, after Ding Xin or Jing Kai has settled the foreign currency in a way permitted
by Chinese law, they could offer loans to Feng Hui s shareholders who can increase their investments in Feng Hui through
increasing its registered capital. 

Provided
the Company and Feng Hui are in compliance with the PRC laws, we do not believe that these restrictions are significant enough
to impact the liquidity of the Company or Feng Hui.  

Besides
transferring cash through loans or dividends, Feng Hui may transfer cash to Ding Xin through a business cooperation fee in accordance
with the Exclusive Business Cooperation Agreement entered into between Feng Hui and Ding Xin. Furthermore, additional cash could
be funded to Feng Hui by increasing its registered capital.  

Due
to the fact that Feng Hui is only operating in China using local currency, and the VIE agreements are denominated in Chinese local
currency, we do not believe that the impact of existing PRC foreign exchange regulations are significant enough to affect the
payments receivable from, or payable to, Feng Hui.  

There
are differences between PRC GAAP and US GAAP when determining the amount of restricted net assets. Under US GAAP, restricted net
assets of subsidiaries shall mean that amount of the registrant s proportionate share of net assets (after intercompany
eliminations) reflected in the balance sheets of its consolidated and unconsolidated subsidiaries as of the end of the most recent
fiscal year which may not be transferred to the parent company in the form of loans, advances or cash dividends by the subsidiaries
without the consent of a third party (i.e., lender, regulatory agency, foreign government, etc.). On the other hand, under PRC
GAAP, restricted net assets only applies for non-profit entities, and shall mean the amount of the entity s assets or their
economic benefit that the use and/or timing of the use is restricted by the donor who offered the assets or by relevant laws and
regulations.  

In
accordance with PRC regulations, the subsidiaries and VIE of China Lending Group in the PRC are required to provide a statutory
reserve, which is appropriated from net income as reported in the Company s statutory accounts. The Company is required to
allocate 10% of its annual after-tax profit to the statutory reserve until such reserve has reached 50% of its respective registered
capital based on the enterprise s PRC statutory accounts. The statutory reserves can only be used for specific purposes and
are not distributable as cash dividends. As of December 31, 2015 and 2014, statutory reserves did not reach 50% of the Company s
registered capital. Under the applicable PRC laws and regulations, foreign-invested enterprises in China may pay dividends only
out of their accumulated profits, if any, determined in accordance with PRC accounting standards and regulations. For China Lending
Group s PRC subsidiaries and the VIE, differences between retained earnings pursuant to PRC accounting standards for distributable
dividend purpose and retained earnings in accordance with US GAAP were $1,259,141 and $-153,511  ,
respectively.  

Commitments
and Contingencies    

In
the normal course of business, the Company is subject to loss contingencies, such as legal proceedings and claims arising out
of its business, that cover a wide range of matters, including, among others, government investigations and tax matters. In accordance
with ASC No. 450 Sub topic 20,  Loss Contingencies , the Company records accruals for such loss contingencies when
it is probable that a liability has been incurred and the amount of loss can be reasonably estimated.  

Operating
Lease    

The
Company leases its principal office under a lease agreement that qualifies as an operating lease. Payments made under operating
leases are charged to the consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income on a straight line basis over the lease periods.  

Legal
Proceedings    

For
the nine months ended September 30, 2016, the Company was involved in three lawsuit with its loan customer for the aggregated
claim of delinquent balances of $7.67 million. As of September 30, 2016, two of the cases with an aggregated claim of $4.27 million
had been meditated by the Court in favor of the Company and one of cases with an aggregated claim of $804,925 was in the process
of enforcement. The remaining case with an aggregated claim of $2.6 million had been adjudicated by the Court in favor of the
Company.  

Risks   

Credit
Risk    

Credit
risk is one of the most significant risks for the Company s business. Credit risk exposures arise principally in lending
activities which is an off-balance sheet financial instrument.  

Credit
risk is controlled by the application of credit approvals, limits and monitoring procedures. The Company manages credit risk through
in-house research and analysis of the Chinese economy and the underlying obligors and transaction structures. To minimize credit
risk, the Company requires collateral in the form of rights to cash, securities or property and equipment.  

The
Company identifies credit risk collectively based on industry, geography and customer type. This information is monitored regularly
by management.  

In
measuring the credit risk of lending loans to corporate customers, the Company mainly reflects the  probability of default 
by the customer on its contractual obligations and considers the current financial position of the customer and the exposures
to the customer and its likely future development. For individual customers, the Company uses standard approval procedures to
manage credit risk for personal loans.  

Liquidity
Risk    

The
Company is also exposed to liquidity risk which is risk that it is unable to provide sufficient capital resources and liquidity
to meet its commitments and business needs. Liquidity risk is controlled by the application of financial position analysis and
monitoring procedures. When necessary, the Company will turn to other financial institutions and the owners to obtain short-term
funding to meet the liquidity shortage.  

Foreign
Currency Risk    

A
majority of the Company s operating activities and a significant portion of the Company s assets and liabilities are
denominated in RMB, which is not freely convertible into foreign currencies. All foreign exchange transactions take place either
through the PBOC or other authorized financial institutions at exchange rates quoted by PBOC. Approval of foreign currency payments
by the PBOC or other regulatory institutions requires submitting a payment application form together with suppliers  invoices
and signed contracts. The value of RMB is subject to changes in central government policies and to international economic and
political developments affecting supply and demand in the China Foreign Exchange Trading System market.  

Industry
Concentration Risk    

The
Company attempts to spread its industry risk and to avoid over reliance on any particular industry by diversifying its customer
base into several industries. As of September 30, 2016, the Company s business covered more than eight industries including
Commerce and Trade, Real Estates, Energy and Mining, Agriculture, Manufacturing, Supply Chain Financing, Service and Others. Loan
receivables on Tire Supply Chain Financing represented approximately 57.2% of the total loan receivables of the Company, which
was mainly contributed by the seasonal factor as the tire dealers are stocking up for the winter snow tires peak season. The management
expects to reduce this percentage in the last quarter of 2016 and further reduce in the first quarter of 2017 as loan for other
industries will pick up.  

Change
of Control   

As
a result of the issuance of the shares pursuant to the Business Combination and related transactions, a change in control of the
Company occurred as of July 6, 2016. Except as described in this Report, no arrangements or understandings exist among present
or former controlling shareholders with respect to the election of members of our Board and, to our knowledge, no other arrangements
exist that might result in a change of control of the Company.  

Off-balance
Sheet Arrangements   

As
of September 30, 2016, we did not have any off-balance sheet arrangements. We do not have any long-term debt, capital lease obligations,
operating lease obligations or long-term liabilities.  

Item
3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk   

As
of September 30, 2016, we were not subject to any market or interest rate risk.  

Following
the consummation of the our public offering, the net proceeds held in the Trust Account were invested in U.S. Money Market fund
with no maturity day with Continental Stock Transfer   Trust Company acting as trustee. Due to the short-term nature of these
investments, we believe there will be no associated material exposure to interest rate risk. The net proceeds not held in the
Trust Account, are held in US Dollars and Hong Kong Dollars as cash deposits in a bank in Hong Kong SAR  

Item
4. Controls and Procedures    

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures   

Disclosure
controls and procedures are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in our Exchange Act reports is
recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such
information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial
officer or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.  

Under
the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer ( CEO ), we conducted
an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rules
13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act ). Based
on this evaluation, our CEO concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective at a reasonable assurance level
and, accordingly, provide reasonable assurance that the information required to be disclosed by us in reports filed under the
Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms.  

Changes
in Internal Control over Financial Reporting   

With
the work performed by an experienced U.S. CPA, there was improvement in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred
during the three months ended September 30, 2016 covered by this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q that has positively affected, or
is reasonably likely to positively affect, our internal control over financial reporting.  

Going
forward, effective July 6, 2016 as part of the business combination, we have acquired a professional finance team lead by a seasoned
chief financial officer with Certified Public Accountant qualification to ascertain the internal control over financial reporting
in accordance with U.S. GAAP.  

PART
II. OTHER INFORMATION   

ITEM
1. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS   

None.  

ITEM
1A. RISK FACTORS   

You
should carefully consider the factors discussed in  Item 2.01. Completion of Acquisition of Disposition of Assets -- Risk
Factors  in our Form 8-K filed on July 11, 2016 which could materially affect our business financial position and results
of operations. There have been no material changes to the risk factors since the filing of our report on Form 8-K.  

ITEM
2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS   

None.  

ITEM
3. DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES   

None.  

ITEM
4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES   

Not
applicable.  

ITEM
5. OTHER INFORMATION   

None.  

ITEM
6. EXHIBITS   

The
exhibits listed on the Exhibit Index are provided as part of this report.  

EXHIBIT
INDEX   

SIGNATURES   

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report
to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.  

Dated:
    November 14, 2016  
      CHINA
    LENDING CORPORATION   

By:  
      /s/
    Li Jingping   

Li
                                         Jingping  
          President
        and Chief Executive Officer    

By:  
      /s/
    Stephan S.H. Chan   

Stephan
                                         S.H. Chan  
          Chief
        Financial Officer    

20 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 f10q0916ex31i_chinalending.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit
31.1   

Certification
of Principal Executive Officer   

   Pursuant
to Rule 13A-14(A)/15D-14(A)   

   of
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934   

I,
Li Jingping, President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer), certify that:  

1.
I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2016 of China Lending Corporation;  

2.
Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect
to the period covered by this report;  

3.
Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all
material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods
presented in this report;  

4.
The registrant s other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and
procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined
in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:  

a.
designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by
others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;  

b.
designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed
under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of
financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;  

c.
evaluated the effectiveness of registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on
such evaluation; and  

d.
disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the
registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that
has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial
reporting; and  

5.
The registrant s other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control
over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors
(or persons performing the equivalent functions):  

a.
all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and  

b.
any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal controls over financial reporting.  

Dated:
    November 14, 2016  
      By:  
      /s/
    Li Jingping   

Li
    Jingping   

President
    and Chief Executive Officer   

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 f10q0916ex31ii_chinalending.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit
31.2   

Certification
of Principal Financial Officer   

   Pursuant
to Rule 13A-14(A)/15D-14(A)   

   of
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934   

I,
Stephan S.H. Chan, Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer), certify that:  

1.
I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2016 of China Lending Corporation;  

2.
Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect
to the period covered by this report;  

3.
Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all
material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods
presented in this report;  

4.
The registrant s other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and
procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined
in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:  

a.
designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by
others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;  

b.
designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed
under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of
financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;  

c.
evaluated the effectiveness of registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on
such evaluation; and  

d.
disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the
registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that
has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial
reporting; and  

5.
The registrant s other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control
over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors
(or persons performing the equivalent functions):  

a.
all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and  

b.
any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal controls over financial reporting.  

Dated:
    November 14, 2016  
      By:
      
      /s/
    Stephan S.H. Chan   

Stephan
    S.H. Chan   

Chief
    Financial Officer   

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 f10q0916ex32i_chinalending.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit
32.1   

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO   

   18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350 AND EXCHANGE ACT RULES 13a-14(b) AND 15d-14(b)   

   (Section
906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002)   

In
connection with the Quarterly Report of China Lending Corporation on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2016, as filed
with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), each of the undersigned do hereby certify,
pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that:  

(1)
the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and  

(2)
the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of the
operations of the Company.  

Dated:
    November 14, 2016  
      CHINA
    LENDING CORPORATION   

By:  
      /s/
    Li Jingping   

Li
                                         Jingping  
          President
        and Chief Executive Officer    

By:  
      /s/
    Stephan S.H. Chan   

Stephan
                                         S.H. Chan  
          Chief
        Financial Officer    

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 cadt-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE FILE

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 cadt-20160930.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 cadt-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 cadt-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 cadt-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 cadt-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

