<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161028_10-K_edgar_data_1353406_0001615774-16-007843_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>3318383</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>179406</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>196071</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>762745</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1169430</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>882827</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>80</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001615774-16-007843.hdr.sgml : 20161028
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161028172639
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001615774-16-007843
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		49
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160630
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161028
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161028

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			RedHawk Holdings Corp.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001353406
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	CRUDE PETROLEUM & NATURAL GAS [1311]
		IRS NUMBER:				203866475
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0630

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-54323
		FILM NUMBER:		161959571

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3753 PENNRIDGE DRIVE
		CITY:			ST. LOUIS
		STATE:			MO
		ZIP:			63044
		BUSINESS PHONE:		314-344-1920

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3753 PENNRIDGE DRIVE
		CITY:			ST. LOUIS
		STATE:			MO
		ZIP:			63044

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Independence Energy Corp.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20080814

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Oliver Creek Resources Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20060214

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001615774-16-007843.txt : 20161028

10-K
 1
 s104292_10k.htm
 10-K

UNITED STATES 

 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 10-K  

For
the fiscal year ended June 30, 2016  

OR 

For the transition period from ____________to____________ 

Commission
File No. 000-54323  

RedHawk
Holdings Corp.  

 (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in
Its Charter)  

Nevada   
       
       20-3866475    
 
      (State or Other Jurisdiction of  
 Incorporation or Organization)  
       
      (I.R.S. Employer  
 Identification No.)   

219 Chemin Metairie Road   
  Youngsville, LA   
       
       70592    
 
      (Address of Principal Executive Offices)  
       
      (Zip Code)   

(Registrant s Telephone Number, Including
Area Code):  (337) 269-5933  

Securities registered pursuant to Section
12(b) of the Act:  

Title of each Class   
       
       Name of each Exchange on which registered    
 
      N/A  
       
      N/A   

Securities registered pursuant to Section
12(g) of the Act:   

Common Stock, $0.001
par value  

 (Title of class) 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes   o   No   x  

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes   o   No   x  

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports),
and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes   x   No   o  

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive
Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the
preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes   x   No   o  

Indicate
by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K ( 229.405 of this chapter) is not
contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best of registrant s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements
incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K.    x     

Indicate by check
mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting
company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting
company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): 

Large accelerated filer  
      o  
       
      Accelerated filer   
      o   

Non-accelerated filer  
      o  
       
      Smaller reporting company  
      x   

(Do not check if smaller reporting company)  

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.) Yes   o   No   x  

The aggregate market
value of the registrant s common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant on December 31, 2015 was approximately $1,805,583
based on the closing price of $0.01 per share as reported on the OTCQB Markets on December 31, 2015. 

As of September 15, 2016,
the registrant had 357,072,547 shares issued and outstanding. 

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED
BY REFERENCE:  

None. 

REDHAWK HOLDINGS CORP.  

  ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K  

  For the Fiscal Year Ended June 30, 2016  

Table of Contents   

Page No.   

PART I     

Cautionary Note About Forward-Looking Statements   
       
      3  

Item 1.  
       
       Business   
       
      4  

Item 1A.  
       
       Risk Factors   
       
      11  

Item 1B.  
       
       Unresolved Staff Comments   
       
      13  

Item 2.  
       
       Properties   
       
      13  

Item 3.  
       
       Legal Proceedings   
       
      13  

Item 4.  
       
       Mine Safety Disclosures   
       
      14  

PART II    

Item 5.  
       
       Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities   
       
      14  

Item 6.  
       
       Selected Financial Data   
       
      15  

Item 7.  
       
       Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations   
       
      16  

Item 7A.  
       
       Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk   
       
     21 

Item 8.  
       
       Financial Statements and Supplementary Data   
       
     22 

Item 9.  
       
       Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure   
       
      23  

Item 9A.  
       
       Controls and Procedures   
       
      23  

Item 9B.  
       
       Other Information   
       
      24  

PART III    

Item 10.  
       
       Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance   
       
      24  

Item 11.  
       
       Executive Compensation   
       
      27  

Item 12.  
       
       Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters   
       
      29  

Item 13.  
       
       Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence   
       
      30  

Item 14.  
       
       Principal Accounting Fees and Services   
       
      31  

PART IV    

Item 15.  
       
       Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules   
       
      32  

Cautionary
Note About Forward-Looking Statements   

This Annual
Report on Form 10-K (which we refer to as this  Form 10-K ) contains forward-looking statements   within
the meaning of the federal securities laws. These statements relate to expectations, beliefs, projections, forecasts, future plans
and strategies, anticipated events or trends and similar expressions concerning matters that are not historical facts.   In
some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terminology such as  may,   should,   expects, 
 plans,   anticipates,   believes,   estimates,   predicts,   potential 
or  continue  or the negative of these terms or other comparable terminology. These statements are only predictions
and involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors, including the risks listed below and described in  Part
I, Item 1A. Risk Factors  in this Form 10-K, that may cause our or our industry s actual results, levels of activity,
performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results, levels of activity, performance or achievements
expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements:  

Changes in the effects of the significant level of competition that exists in the medical device
distribution industry, or our inability to attract customers for other reasons.   

The unexpected cost of regulation applicable to our industry, and the possibility of future additional
regulation.   

Our lack of adequate insurance coverage in the event we incur an unexpected liability.   

Our lack of a proven operating history and the possibility of future losses that are greater than
we currently anticipate.   

The possibility that we may not be able to generate revenues or access other financing sources
necessary to operate our business.   

Our inability to attract necessary personnel to run and market our business.   

The volatility of our stock price.   

Changes in the market prices for our products, or our failure to perform or renew the distribution
agreement for our products.   

Our failure to execute our growth strategy or enter into other lines of business that we may identify
as potentially profitable for us.   

Changes in economic and business conditions.   

Changes in accounting policies and practices we may voluntarily adopt or that we may be required
to adopt under generally accepted accounting principles in the United States.   

Although we believe that the expectations
reflected in the forward-looking statements are reasonable, we cannot guarantee future results, levels of activity, performance
or achievements. Except as required by applicable law, including the securities laws of the United States, we are not obligated
to, and do not intend to, update or revise any of the forward-looking statements to conform these statements to actual results,
whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Therefore, you should not rely on these forward-looking statements
as of any date subsequent to the date of this Form 10-K. 

As used in this Form 10-K, references to
 Company,   we,   us  or  our  refer to RedHawk Holdings Corp., a Nevada corporation,
and, unless the context otherwise requires, its subsidiaries and affiliates. 

PART I  

ITEM 1. BUSINESS  

General  

We were incorporated in the State of Nevada
on November 30, 2005 under the name  Oliver Creek Resources Inc.  At inception, we were an exploration stage company
engaged in the acquisition, exploration and development of natural resources. In 2014, we discontinued our oil and gas operations
and changed our business focus. Currently, we are a diversified holding company which, through our subsidiaries, is engaged in
sales and distribution of medical devices, sales of branded generic pharmaceutical drugs, commercial real estate investment and
leasing, sales of point of entry full-body security systems, and specialized financial services. 

The Company, through its medical
products business unit, sells WoundClot Surgical - Advanced Bleeding Control, the Disintegrator  Insulin Needle
Destruction Unit, the Carotid Artery Digital Non-Contact Thermometer and Zonis . The Company s real estate leasing
revenues are generated from a commercial property under a long-term lease. Additionally, the Company s real estate
investment unit holds limited liability company interest in a commercial restoration project in Hawaii. The Company s
financial service revenue is from brokerage services earned in connection with debt placement services. RedHawk Energy Corp.,
LLC holds the exclusive U.S. manufacturing and distribution rights for the Centri Controlled Entry System, a unique, closed
cabinet, nominal dose transmission full body x-ray scanner.  

Effective June 22, 2012, we completed a forward split of our authorized and issued and outstanding shares of common stock on a 5 new for 1 old basis such
that our authorized capital increased from 75,000,000 to 375,000,000 shares of common stock and, correspondingly, our issued
and outstanding shares of common stock increased from 24,360,831 to 121,804,155 shares of common stock, all with a par value
of $0.001 per share. 

On April 5, 2013, we entered into a private
placement subscription agreement with Europa Capital AG (which we refer to as  Europa ), pursuant to which we issued
to Europa a convertible debenture in the aggregate amount of $46,000. The convertible debenture carried interest at the rate of
6% per annum and could be converted into shares of our common stock at the rate of $0.01 per share. Interest and principal were
payable on the third anniversary of the debenture, provided that any unconverted portions could be pre-paid at our discretion.  As
of January 31, 2014, we owed $2,284 of accrued interest in respect of the debenture. On January 31, 2014, the debenture holder
forgave the convertible promissory note and all accrued interest, resulting in a gain on forgiveness of loan of $48,284. 

Effective July 22, 2013, we entered into
and closed a securities purchase agreement with Asher Enterprises, Inc. (which we refer to as  Asher ). Under the terms
of the agreement, we issued an 8% convertible promissory note, in the principal amount of $57,000, with a maturity date of April
17, 2014 which could be converted into shares of our common stock at a rate of 58% of the market price on any conversion date,
any time after 180 days from July 15, 2013, subject to adjustments as further set out in the note. We had the right to prepay the
note together with all accrued interest within 180 days of July 15, 2013 subject to a prepayment penalty equal to 15% during the
first 30 days of the prepayment period and increasing by 5% during each subsequent 30-day period. Following the maturity date of
April 17, 2014, the note bore interest at the rate of 22%.  As of March 25, 2014, all of the unpaid principal and accrued
interest in respect to these convertible promissory note was converted into shares of our common stock. (See  Recent Sales
of Unregistered Securities ) 

On September 23, 2013, we closed another
securities purchase agreement dated September 17, 2013 with Asher. Under the terms of the agreement, we issued an 8% convertible
promissory note, in the principal amount of $32,500, with a maturity date of June 19, 2014 which could be converted into shares
of our common stock at a rate of 58% of the market price on any conversion date, any time after 180 days from June 19, 2014, subject
to adjustments as further set out in the note. We had the right to prepay the note together with all accrued interest within 180
days of September 17, 2013 subject to a prepayment penalty equal to 15% during the first 30 days of the prepayment period and increasing
by 5% during each subsequent 30-day period. Following the maturity date of June 19, 2014, the note would have borne interest at
the rate of 22%. As of April 8, 2014, all unpaid principal and accrued interest in respect of the convertible promissory note was
converted into shares of our common stock. (See  Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities ). 

Effective November 12, 2014, we completed
a private equity funding with certain accredited investors pursuant to a Securities Purchase Agreement ( SPA ). Under
the terms of the SPA, we sold 14,905,918 shares of our common stock in exchange for $50,000 ($0.0034 per share) in the aggregate.
Additionally, in consideration of the purchase price, we granted warrants to acquire an additional 7,452,959 shares of our common
stock over a two-year period at an aggregate exercise price of $0.0050 per share or gross proceeds of $37,265. 

On July 31, 2015, by a vote of the majority
of our shareholders, we changed our name from  Independence Energy Corp.  to  RedHawk Holdings Corp. ,
increased the number of authorized shares of common stock to 450,000,000, and authorized the issuance of 5,000 shares of preferred
stock with an initial stated value of $1,000 per share. 

On December 31, 2015, the Company received
from Beechwood Properties, LLC (which we refer to as  Beechwood ) a working capital injection of approximately $1.9
million of cash and marketable securities, net of an approximately $1.0 million line of credit with a 3.5% per annum interest rate.
This infusion was received in exchange for 1,000 shares of the Company s newly designated 5% Series B Convertible Preferred
Stock, $1,000 stated value. Additionally, Beechwood converted into 100 shares of the Company s 5% Series A Convertible Preferred
Stock, $1,000 par value, $100,000 of the Company s outstanding obligation to Beechwood. Beechwood beneficially owns approximately
51.9% of the Company s outstanding common stock. 

On February 1, 2016, we issued 250 shares
of the Company s 5% Series B Convertible Preferred stock, $1,000 stated value, to Thomas J. Concannon, our Chief Executive
Officer in exchange for $250,000 in cash. Additionally, the Company has issued $340,000 of Convertible Notes (which we refer to
as the  Convertible Notes ) in exchange for cash in the amount of $340,000. The Convertible Notes accrue interest at
a rate of 5% per annum, mature five years from their date of issuance and are secured by certain Company real estate and real estate
of an officer and shareholder of the Company. 

Current Business Segments  

Medical Device Distribution and Generic Pharmaceuticals  

Non-Contact Thermometers.   On
March 31, 2014, we entered into and closed an asset purchase agreement with American Medical Distributors, LLC (which we refer
to as  AMD ), pursuant to which we have acquired from AMD all right, title and interest of AMD in and to a certain
distribution contract (which we refer to as the  HuBDIC Agreement ) dated November 27, 2013 with HuBDIC Co. Ltd., a
Korean corporation (which we refer to as  HuBDIC ), pursuant to which AMD had been granted the exclusive right to distribute
in the Americas certain professional and consumer grade non-contact thermometers known as the Thermofinder FS-700 Pro (professional
model) and FS-700 (retail model), and any future versions (which we refer to as collectively, the  Thermofinder ).
In connection with the acquisition, we also received $60,000 and any assets of AMD related to its distribution business, including
all sales leads and related materials (which we refer to as collectively, including the HuBDIC Agreement, the  AMD Assets ),
and in consideration of the AMD Assets, we issued to four designees of AMD an aggregate of 152,172,287 shares of our common stock. 

The material terms of the HuBDIC Agreement
are as follows: (a) term of five years from November 7, 2013; (b) upon receiving U.S. Food and Drug Administration (which we refer
to as  FDA ) marketing clearance of the HuBDIC products, we are required to purchase a minimum of 3,000 product units
for re-sale during year one of the distribution period, 8,000 during year two, and 15,000 during each subsequent year; (c) a $10,000
distribution fee previously paid to HuBDIC by AMD will be credited toward our first product order; and (d) the distribution fee
is refundable to us at our election. On or about July 2, 2014, HuBDIC received marketing clearance from the FDA for the sale and
distribution of the Thermofinder. In November 2014, we paid for and took delivery of 500 units of the Thermofinder FS-700 Pro.
We have agreed with HuBDIC to defer payment for and delivery of the balance of 2,500 units until a later date. The Company is actively
soliciting orders for and has sold some of the first 500 units. The Company s board of directors is currently evaluating
future marketing strategies for the sales and distribution of additional units.  

The Thermofinder is medical grade non-contact
thermometer that is currently approved and distributed in Asia and Europe, and its features include the following: 

Two measuring modes, including body temperature and surface/ambience modes, which allow the reading
of air temperature and fluid temperature (for example, bath water, baby s bottles).   

Non-invasive design Operated by pointing and pressing within 3-5 centimeters of the patient s
forehead or other target.   

Easy to read LCD backlit display with multi-color screen and alert function.  A green
light is shown for normal reading, and an orange light for high readings.   

Less than 2 second reading response time.   

Reading accuracy within 0.3 degrees Celsius for body temperature and 2 degrees Celsius for object
temperature.   

International Organization for Standardization (ISO) 13485 and American Society for Testing and
Materials (ASTM) Compliant.   

More hygienic than conventional oral and ear reading thermometers Eliminates the need for
probe covers and reduces sterilization requirements.   

The FS-700 Pro model is equipped with a medical grade
protection cover, logo lanyard, anti-microbial   option, and rechargeable battery and station. 

Needle Destruction.   On December
31, 2015, the Company completed the acquisition of certain high-quality medical products technology, including the tangible and
intangible assets, for the Disintegrator Insulin Needle Destruction Unit (which we refer to as  Disintegrator ) and
the Carotid Artery Non-Contact Thermometer. The Disintegrator is the only needle destruction device which has been approved by
the United States Food and Drug Administration. 

The proper management of medical waste,
also referred to as biohazardous waste, biomedical waste or infectious waste, which is generated in healthcare facilities, commercial
businesses and private home healthcare is extremely important to avoid regulatory issues and more importantly to prevent the spread
of infectious diseases. Needles and soft wastes, those saturated with blood or certain other bodily fluids, must be properly handled,
contained, stored, shipped and treated in accordance with all governmental regulations. To date, the most common system used to
dispose of used needles has been sharp container boxes. Generally, this type of device is compatible for use in healthcare facilities,
commercial businesses and private homes. It is a portable device used to destroy needles and lancets utilizing an electrical current
which incinerates the lancet or syringes. It uses a rechargeable battery which delivers an electrical current to produce an arc
of electricity directed at the tip of the syringe. This electrical arc disintegrates the needle and any residue is collected in
a self-contained chamber in the device. The Company s initial needle destruction device is referred to as the Sharps and
Needle Destruction Device, the SANDD mini. This device aims to change both the way patients and physicians dispose of their needles
and to eliminate the risk of needle stick injuries in the future. Utilizing a plasma arc the SANDD mini heats the needle to over
2500 degrees Celsius in less than three seconds, eliminating both the needle and all known pathogens in the process. The device
uses a rechargeable battery to deliver the plasma arc to the needle. A fully charged battery will disintegrate greater than 100
needles before needing to be recharged. The SANDD mini is designed to be used with hypodermic needles attached to prefilled syringes
or diabetic pen injection devices that measure less than 1 inch in length and between 27-32 gauges in diameter. The device produces
little to no waste leaving the syringe to be disposed of in general waste as opposed to the need for the use of a sharps box. The
change in this route of waste disposal is projected to offer healthcare providers significant budgetary savings and ease of disposal
in home healthcare settings. The SANDD mini is scheduled to begin evaluation and be available for sale to appropriate healthcare
markets in the United Kingdom and Middle East during the fourth calendar quarter of 2016. 

Woundclot.   On February 2,
2016, the Company announced that RedHawk Medical Products UK Ltd, a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, had entered into a
contract with Core Scientific Creations Ltd. for the exclusive distribution rights to WoundClot Surgical   Advanced Bleeding
Control (which we refer to as  WoundClot ) in the United Kingdom. WoundClot, developed and manufactured in Israel by
Core Scientific Creations Ltd, is the first UK Class III medical device, fully implantable surgical hemostat designed to stop moderate
to severe arterial and venous hemorrhage without the need to compress directly onto the wound. 

Hemostatic refers to a procedure,
device or substance that arrests the flow of blood. Direct pressure, tourniquets and surgical clamps are mechanical
hemostatic measures. Gelatin sponges, solutions of thrombin and microfibrillar collagen, which cause the aggregation of
platelets and formation of clots, are used to arrest bleeding in surgical procedures. WoundClot is a single use sterile
bio-absorb Hemostatic product made of non-oxidized cellulose, which can be fabricated into a variety of forms suitable in
controlling bleeding from various kinds of wounds. WoundClot has been uniquely engineered and manufactured with
a patented molecular structure, designed to entrap platelets and coagulants in a modified physical molecular matrix.
WoundClot is the first cellulose based product to be manufactured using a non-oxidative process. This change in the
manufacturing process of WoundClot results in major clinical advantages. The first of these advantages is a significantly
increased absorptive capability, enabling WoundClot to arrest and control even severe arterial bleeding. Once bleeding has
been stopped and coagulation has formed, WoundClot can be easily removed without disrupting the already formed
clot. Additionally, it opens up a much wider range of indications than traditional oxidized cellulose based competitive
products, has a truly non-compression application and is fully biodegradable within seven days, meaning it can be implanted
within the body, further minimizing the risk of secondary post-surgical bleeding. 

The Company, in conjunction with EcoGen
Europe Ltd (which we refer to as  EcoGen ), its European pharmaceutical partner, has begun marketing the product to
large teaching hospitals in the United Kingdom. The product has been successfully trialed in various surgery disciplines including
cardiothoracic, hepatobiliary, pediatric neurosurgery, vascular and trauma surgery and has been shown to outperform currently established
products. 

Zonis.   EcoGen also
holds the distribution rights in a number of European countries, Australia and New Zealand for Zonis, a patented antimicrobial
ionic silver calcium catheter dressing with both wound healing and hemostatic properties. It is designed to be placed
directly over the exit site of all vascular and non-vascular percutaneous medical devices. Zonis reduces bacteria
colonization and related bloodstream infections by delivering ionic silver directly to the site. 

Generic Pharmaceuticals .  On
March 24, 2016, the Company announced that its wholly owned subsidiary, RedHawk Pharma UK Ltd, has signed a definitive agreement
with Scarlett Pharma LTD (which we refer to as  Scarlett ) to complete the acquisition of a 25% ownership investment
in EcoGen, a United Kingdom based company specializing in the manufacturing and marketing of certain branded generic pharmaceuticals
and medical devices. 

A generic drug is a pharmaceutical drug
that is the equivalent to a brand name product in dosage, strength, route of administration, quality, performance and intended
use. The term may also refer to any drug marketed under its chemical name without advertising, or to the chemical makeup of a drug
rather than the brand name under which the drug is sold. Although they may not be associated with a particular company, generic
drugs are subject to government regulations in the countries where they are dispensed. They are labeled with the name of the manufacturer
and the nonproprietary adopted name of the drug. A generic drug must contain the same active ingredients as the original brand
name formulation. In most cases, generic drugs become available after the patent afforded to a drug s original developer
expires. Once generic drugs enter the market, competition often leads to substantially lower prices for both the brand name drug
and its generic equivalents. Clinicians in the United Kingdom are encouraged to write prescriptions for patent protected drugs
by their generic name in preparation for such drugs losing their patent protected status, with the prescribed drug being dispensed
to the patient by a community pharmacy. Pharmacists are obligated by law to dispense the brand that is written, should the clinician
not use the generic name when prescribing a particular treatment, with all drugs being dispensed against a set tariff pricing structure.
The pharmacist therefore procures the generic drug at the lowest available price from the wholesale supply chain, who in turn procures
the lowest priced drug from any available manufacturer, ensuring that the generic drug market in the United Kingdom is purely drive
by cost. The legal obligation on United Kingdom pharmacists to dispense a branded product if that is so prescribed presents the
opportunity for the branded generic strategy of EcoGen. With a portfolio of widely prescribed generic drugs listed as trademarked
branded generics, EcoGen can offer significant budgetary savings when compared to standard generics by offering these branded generics
for sale at a price below the listed generic tariff. With UK Commissioning Groups being driven to find savings across their budgets
where possible, EcoGen s branded generic strategy has been met favorably and sales of EcoGen  branded generic drugs
are expected to initially occur in the third calendar quarter of 2016. 

Land and Hospitality  

Tower Hotel Fund 2013, LLC.   On
December 31, 2015, RedHawk Land   Hospitality, LLC, a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, acquired from Beechwood 280,000
Class A Units (approximately a 2.0% membership interest) of fully paid, non-assessable units of limited liability company interest
in Tower Hotel Fund 2013, LLC, a real estate development limited liability company formed in the state of Hawaii for acquisition,
restoration and development of the Naniloa Hilo Resort in Hilo, Hawaii. The $625,000 purchase price was paid by the issuance of
625 shares of the Company s Series A Preferred Stock. The purchase price was determined by an independent third-party valuation.
Beechwood is a real estate limited liability Company owned and controlled by G. Darcy Klug, a stockholder and Chief Financial Officer
of the Company. 

Jefferson Street Property.   On
November 13, 2015, we acquired certain commercial rental property, consisting of $75,000 of land and $405,000 of buildings and
improvements, from Beechwood   for $480,000. The purchase price was paid by the Company through the assumption of $265,000
of long-term bank indebtedness (see Note 7) plus the issuance of 215 shares of the Company s newly designated Series A Preferred
Stock (see Note 8). The purchase price of the property was determined by independent third-party appraisers commissioned by the
financial institution providing the long-term financing for the acquisition, which included the cost of specific security improvements
requested by the lessee. 

Youngsville Property.   On
December 31, 2015, we acquired certain commercial real estate from Beechwood to be used as our corporate office for $300,000, consisting
of $35,000 of land and $265,000 of buildings and improvements. The purchase price was paid by the Company with the issuance of
300 shares of the Company s Series A Preferred Stock. The purchase price of the property was determined by independent third-party
appraisal. 

Specialized Security System Manufacturing
and Distribution  

Centri Controlled Entry System. 
 On April 11, 2016, the Company acquired the exclusive United States manufacturing and distribution rights for the Centri Controlled
Entry System (which we refer to as  Centri ), a unique, nominal dose transmission x-ray full body scanner capable of
finding weapons, drugs and other metallic and non-metallic contraband concealed on and within the human body. The Company acquired
these exclusive rights from Basic Technologies, Inc. who holds the exclusive worldwide license to manufacture and sell Centri.
The Company will initially target state and local correctional facilities located in the southern United States. During the quarter
ended June 30, 2016, the Company received approval from the FDA for the importation, assembly and demonstrations of Centri. Phase
I radiation testing has been successfully completed. Approval for human testing and the sale of Centri units was received from
the Louisiana Department of Environmental Quality during the quarter ending September 30, 2016. 

Customers, Marketing and Contracting   

Our medical devices and branded generics
are to be marketed to a broad base of users and are ideal for home and institutional use.  The market for our devices
and branded generics include: 

Retail Pharmacies   

Hospitals   

Physicians  Offices   

Private and Public Healthcare Clinics   

Corrections Facilities   

Schools   

Veterinary Clinics   

Emergency Services   

Long Term Care Facilities   

Safety and Quality Assurance    

Our manufacturing operations require a
wide variety of raw materials, including electronic and mechanical components, batteries,  carry bags, and molded plastic
components and other supplies. We rely on third- party manufacturers to supply several components of our medical devices. We typically
enter into supply agreements for these components that specify quantity, quality requirements, and delivery terms, which, in certain
cases, can be terminated by either party upon relatively short notice. For each medical device, we have elected to source certain
key components from single sources of supply, including our batteries, molded plastic components. While alternative sources of
supply are readily available for these components, we believe that maintaining a single source of supply allows us to control production
costs and inventory levels, and to manage component quality. In order to mitigate against the risks related to a single source
of supply, we qualify alternative suppliers and develop contingency plans for responding to disruptions. If any single-source supplier
were no longer able to supply a component, we believe we would be able to promptly and cost-effectively switch to an alternative
supplier without a significant disruption to our business and operations. We have adopted additional contingency plans to protect
against an immediate disruption in supply of our battery components, and any potential delay that may result from a switch to a
new supplier. These contingency plans include our own inventory management, along with a requirement that certain suppliers maintain
specified quantities of inventory in multiple locations, as well as requiring certain manufacturers to maintain redundant manufacturing
sites. We believe that these contingency plans would limit any disruption to our business in the event of an immediate termination
of either our battery supply.  

Governmental Regulations  

Our medical devices and generic pharmaceuticals are subject
to a wide variety of stringent federal, state and local laws and regulations. We believe we have acquired all of the necessary
permits and licenses necessary to manufacture, sell and safely distribute our products. 

Medical Devices.   Government
authorities in the United States, Canada, and other countries in the Americas regulate the research, development, testing, manufacturing,
labeling, promotion, advertising, distribution, marketing and export and import of medical devices at the federal, state and local
levels. The process of obtaining regulatory approvals and the subsequent substantial compliance with appropriate federal, state,
local and foreign statutes and regulations requires the expenditure of substantial time and financial resources. 

In the United States, thermometers for
human clinical use are classified as medical devices and require (i) an establishment license and (ii) depending on the class of
device sought to be marketed, pre-market approval (PMA) or the less rigorous pre-market clearance. 

Establishment License.   Owners
or operators of places of business (also called establishments or facilities) that are involved in both the production and distribution
of medical devices intended for use in the United States (U.S.) are required to register annually with the FDA. This process is
known as establishment registration.  Most establishments that are required to register with the FDA are also required
to list the devices that are made there and the activities that are performed on those devices.  As domestic distributors
of medical devices in the United States, we will not be required to obtain an establishment license, although the owner/operator
of the products we distribute will be so required.  Certain countries do not require an establishment license. 

Depending on the class designation of the
device sought to be marketed, the owner/operator of the product must also obtain pre-market approval (PMA) or pre-market notification
clearance before marketing in the U.S. 

U.S. Medical Device Class Designations   .
 The FDA has established classifications for different generic types of devices and grouped them into medical specialties. Each
of these devices is assigned to one of three regulatory classes based on the level of control the FDA deems necessary to assure
the safety and effectiveness of the device. 

Class I includes products of which several
examples are already approved and marketed in Canada or the U.S. As long as the basic science remains the same, the application
for approval of a new product is straightforward. Examples of products in this category include pregnancy tests or regular needles/syringes. 

Class II products are those which are non-invasive,
meaning they are not injected or inserted into the patient. Often these products are approved and sold throughout the world. The
products which we are currently focusing on distributing all belong to Class II. In order to secure the necessary license for these
products, we are required to submit all the documentation which led to the approval of the products in other countries. In our
case, our products are already approved in Europe and Korea.  We are required to submit to the FDA all the scientific
data, results, approval process and certificates of good quality management, ISO 13485. Usually, products that have the ISO accreditation
will satisfy FDA requirements. 

Class III and IV include medical devices
that use invasive techniques. If the medical device has been approved in another region, it is considered Class III. If it is new,
it is considered Class IV. Invasive testing equipment such as colonoscopy, endoscopy, body lesion removal devices etc., are all
considered Class III or IV. None of our products fall within Class III or IV. 

Premarket Clearance.   We intend
to focus our medical device distribution business on Class I or II devices.  Electronic Clinical Thermometers such as
the Thermofinder are classified as Class II devices by the FDA are not subject to Premarket Approval (PMA). 

Each person who wants to market in the
U.S., a Class I or II device intended for human use, for which a Premarket Approval (PMA) is not required, must submit a 510(k)
application to the FDA unless the device is exempt from the Section 510(k) requirements of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic
Act (the Act). 

A 510(k) application is a pre-market submission
made to the FDA to demonstrate that the device to be marketed is at least as safe and effective, that is, substantially equivalent
to a legally marketed device that is not subject to PMA. Submitters must compare their device to one or more similar legally marketed
devices and make and support their substantial equivalency claims. A legally marketed device is a device that was legally marketed
prior to May 28, 1976, for which a PMA is not required, or a device that has been reclassified from Class III to Class II or Class
I, or a device which has been found substantially equivalent through the 510(k) process.  The legally marketed device(s)
to which equivalence is drawn is commonly known as the  predicate.   Although devices recently cleared under
510(k) are often selected as the predicate to which equivalence is claimed, any legally marketed device may be used as a predicate.  Legally
marketed also means that the predicate cannot be one that is in violation of the Act. 

Before marketing a device, each submitter
must receive an order, in the form of a letter, from the FDA which finds the device to be substantially equivalent and states that
the device can be marketed in the U.S. This order  clears  the device for commercial distribution. 

Until the submitter
receives an order declaring a device substantially equivalent, the submitter may not proceed to market the device. Once the device
is determined to be substantially equivalent, it can then be marketed in the U.S. The substantially equivalent determination is
usually made within 90 days and is made based on the information submitted by the submitter. 

Substantial Equivalence.   A
510(k) clearance requires demonstration of substantial equivalence to another legally U.S. marketed device. Substantial equivalence
means that the new device is at least as safe and effective as the predicate. 

A device is substantially equivalent if,
in comparison to a predicate it: 

has the same intended use as the predicate; and   

has the same technological characteristics as the predicate;    

or 

has the same intended use as the predicate;    

has different technological characteristics and the information submitted to the FDA;   

does not raise new questions of safety and effectiveness; and   

demonstrates that the device is at least as safe and effective as the legally marketed device.   

 A claim of substantial
equivalence does not mean the new and predicate devices must be identical. Substantial equivalence is established with respect
to intended use, design, energy used or delivered, materials, chemical composition, manufacturing process, performance, safety,
effectiveness, labeling, biocompatibility, standards, and other characteristics, as applicable. 

A device may not be marketed in the U.S.
until the submitter receives a letter declaring the device substantially equivalent. If the FDA determines that a device is not
substantially equivalent, the applicant may: 

resubmit another 510(k) application with new data;   

request a Class I or II designation through the de novo process;   

file a reclassification petition; or   

submit a premarket approval application (PMA).   

Status of Thermofinder Premarket
Clearance.   HuBDIC Co. Ltd. made a 510(k) submission to the FDA on January 29, 2014 and received pre-market clearance for
the Thermofinder FS-700 and FS-700 Pro on or about July 2, 2014.  

Future Business Opportunities.   The
Company s board of directors is currently evaluating our future strategy for marketing the Thermofinder FS-700 and FS-700
Pro non-contact thermometers. Under consideration is possibly contracting with third parties for the distribution of the Thermofinder
FS-700 Pro to hospitals, doctors, schools, home health care providers, etc. The Company is considering engaging an independent
marketing representative to offer its consumer version of the digital non-contact thermometer, Thermofinder FS-700, through retail
chains. No decision has yet been made on the future marketing strategies. 

Our board of directors is evaluating whether
to seek opportunities related to the distribution of other medical devices besides the Thermofinder. 

The Company s board of directors
is also considering entry into other lines of business including, but not necessarily limited to, commercial and hospitality real
estate, specialized financial services and equipment rental services. No decision has yet been made on entering these or other
future lines of business. 

Insurance  

Medical Devices and Pharmaceuticals.
   Our operations and products are subject to inherent risks of personal safety and injury and, as such, we maintain insurance
policies to protect us in the event of a loss. We believe our insurance coverages for these risks are adequate. Historically, we
have not experienced a loss in excess of our policy limits; however, there can be no assurance that we will be able to maintain
adequate insurance at rates we consider to be commercially reasonable, nor can there be any assurance such coverage will be adequate
to all of the claims that may arise. 

Property and Casualty.   We
also maintain insurance against property damage, flood and other catastrophic events that may result in physical damage or destruction
to our real estate. All policies are subject to deductibles and other coverage limitations. While we believe over coverage limits
are adequate to protect against loss, there can be no assurance that we will be able to maintain adequate insurance at rates we
consider to be commercially reasonable, nor can there be any assurance such coverage will be adequate to all of the claims that
may arise. 

Competition  

The medical device and branded generic
pharmaceutical distribution industries are highly competitive. We are a development stage company without established operations
in our industry and have a weak competitive position. We aim to compete with junior and senior medical device and branded generic
pharmaceutical manufacturers or distributors who are actively seeking to develop or acquire and sell devices competitive with our
own.  Competition for the medical device and branded generic pharmaceutical assets is intense and we may lack the technological
information, human resources, infrastructure, expertise, and financial resources available to our competitors. Such competition
could adversely impact our ability to attain the financing necessary for us to develop our current assets, generate revenues, or
obtain and develop future assets. 

Many of the companies with which we aim
to compete for financing and for the acquisition of medical device and branded generic pharmaceutical assets have greater financial
and technical resources than those available to us. Accordingly, these competitors may be able to spend greater amounts on assets
of merit or on developing and distributing their own technologies. 

General competitive conditions may be substantially
affected by various forms of regulation introduced from time to time by the governments of the United States and other countries,
as well as factors beyond our control, including overall levels of supply and demand for the product types which we seek to distribute. 

In the face of competition, we may not
be successful in acquiring or successfully exploiting any distribution rights which we have acquired or may acquire in the future.  Despite
this, we hope to compete successfully in the medical device industry by: 

maintaining low operating costs;   

relying on the strength of our management s and future sales team s contacts;   

utilizing our team's previous product and sales and support experience in the specific device area;
and   

using our size and experience to our advantage by adapting quickly to changing market conditions
or responding swiftly to potential opportunities.   

Employees  

Currently, we do not have any employees.
Our officers are providing their services to us on an independent consultant basis, but, at this time, we have not entered into
any consulting or employment agreements with them. Our directors, executive officers and certain contracted individuals play an
important role in the running of the Company. We do not expect any material changes in the number of employees over the next 12
month period. We intend to engage contractors from time to time to consult with us on specific corporate affairs or to perform
specific tasks in connection with our anticipated sales and marketing programs. 

Available
Information  

We are required
to file our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, and Current Reports on Form 8-K with the U.S. Securities
and Exchange Commission (which we refer to as the  SEC )   and our filings are available
to the public on our website at  www.redhawkholdingscorp.com  and at the SEC s website at http://www.sec.gov.   

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS  

Our business routinely encounters and attempts
to address risks, some of which will cause our future results to differ, sometimes materially, from those originally anticipated.
Below, we have described our present view of the most significant risks facing the Company. The risk factors set forth below are
not the only risks that we may face or that could adversely affect us. If any of the circumstances described in the risk factors
discussed in this Form 10-K actually occur, our business, prospects, liquidity, financial condition and results of operations could
be materially and adversely affected. If this were to occur, the trading price of our securities could decline significantly and
stockholders may lose all or part of their investment. 

The following discussion of risk factors
contains  forward-looking statements,  which may be important to understanding any statement in this Form 10-K or in
our other filings and public disclosures. In particular, the following information should be read in conjunction with the sections
in this Form 10-K entitled,  Cautionary Note about Forward-Looking Statements,   Item 7. Management s Discussion
and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations,  and  Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary
Data.  

Risks Related
to Our Overall Business Operations  

We have a limited operating history
with significant losses and expect losses to continue for the foreseeable future.   

We have yet to establish any history
of profitable operations. We have incurred net losses of $1,267,960 and $396,808 for the fiscal years ended June 30, 2016 and
January 31, 2015, respectively. We also incurred a loss of $105,615 for the five month transition period ended June 30, 2015.
As a result, at June 30, 2016, we had an accumulated deficit of $2,646,026.  We have sustained significant costs in
connection with the acquisition and development of certain technologies and businesses. We have not yet generated any
significant revenues. Further, we will not generate revenues sufficient to sustain our operations until the fiscal year
ending June 30, 2017 or later. Our profitability will require the successful commercialization of our medical device
technology, branded pharmaceutical, security systems or future products for which we may acquire a distribution license. We
may not be able to successfully exploit any distribution rights which we acquire and may never become profitable. 

There is doubt about our ability
to continue as a going concern due to recurring losses from operations, accumulated deficit and insufficient cash resources to
meet our business objectives, all of which means that we may not be able to continue operations   .  

Our independent auditors have added an
explanatory paragraph to their audit opinion issued in connection with our 2016 financial statements that states there is substantial
doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 1 to our financial statements for the year ended June
30, 2016, we have generated operating losses since inception, and our cash resources are insufficient to meet our planned business
objectives.  We expect to continue to incur development costs and operating costs, losses and negative cash flows until
our products gain market acceptance sufficient to generate a commercially viable and sustainable level of sales, and/or additional
products are developed and commercially released and sales of such products made so that we are operating in a profitable manner.
Our history of losses and no revenues raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. 

We have had negative cash flows from
operations since inception. We will require significant additional financing, the availability of which cannot be assured, and
if we are unable to obtain such financing, our business may fail.   

To date, we have had negative cash flows
from operations and have depended on sales of our equity securities and debt financing to meet our cash requirements. We may continue
to have negative cash flows. We have estimated that we will require approximately an additional $500,000 to carry out our business
plan for the next twelve months. There is no assurance that actual cash requirements will not exceed our estimates. We may require
additional funds to finance working capital and pay for operating expenses and capital requirements until we achieve a positive
cash flow. 

Our ability to market and sell our medical
devices will be dependent upon our ability to raise significant additional financing. If we are unable to obtain such financing,
we will not be able to fully develop our business. Specifically, we will need to raise additional funds to: 

support our planned growth and carry out our business plan;   

hire quality personnel for all areas of our business; and   

address competing technological and market developments.   

We have a total of 450,000,000 authorized
shares, of which 357,072,547 shares of our common stock are currently outstanding. Because of the limited number of available authorized
shares, we may not be able to obtain adequate additional equity or debt financing on acceptable terms as required. In order to
raise adequate levels of capital necessary to meet the Company s future needs, the board of directors may need to consider
completing a reverse stock split, amending our articles of incorporation to increase the number of authorized shares or authorize
the possible issuance of preferred stock. 

Even if financing is available, it may
not be available on terms that are favorable to us or in sufficient amounts to satisfy our requirements. Any additional equity
financing may involve substantial dilution to our then existing shareholders. If we require, but are unable to obtain, additional
financing in the future, we may be unable to implement our business plan and our growth strategies, respond to changing business
or economic conditions, withstand adverse operating results and compete effectively. More importantly, if we are unable to raise
further financing when required, we may be forced to scale down our operations or sell significant assets, and our ability to generate
revenues may be negatively affected. 

If we fail to effectively manage
the growth of the Company and the commercialization of our medical devices, our future business results could be harmed and our
managerial and operational resources may be strained.   

As we proceed with the commercialization
of our medical devices and the expansion of our marketing and commercialization efforts, we expect to experience significant growth
in the scope and complexity of our business. We will need to add staff to market our services, manage operations, handle sales
and marketing efforts and perform finance and accounting functions. We anticipate that we will be required to hire a broad range
of personnel in order to successfully advance our operations. This growth is likely to place a strain on our management and operational
resources. The failure to develop and implement effective systems, or to hire and retain sufficient personnel for the performance
of all of the functions necessary to effectively service and manage our business, or the failure to manage growth effectively,
could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial condition. 

The effect of competition in our
industry could adversely impact our ability to generate revenues.   

The medical device distribution industry
is highly competitive. We are a development stage company without established operations in our industry and have a weak competitive
position. We aim to compete with junior and senior medical device manufacturers or distributors who are actively seeking to develop
or acquire and sell devices competitive with our own.  Competition for the medical device assets is intense and we may
lack the technological information, human resources, infrastructure, expertise, and financial resources available to our competitors.  Such
competition could adversely impact our ability to attain the financing necessary for us to develop our current assets, generate
revenues, or obtain and develop future assets. 

The Company has failed to file tax
returns since inception.   

The Company has never filed federal or
state tax returns. While the Company has incurred losses since its inception and no tax liabilities are expected, the failure to
file federal and state tax returns could result in penalties. The Company expects to bring its tax filings current during the fiscal
year ending June 30, 2017. 

Risks Related to the Market for Our Stock  

The market price of our common stock
can become volatile, leading to the possibility of its value being depressed at a time when you may want to sell your holdings.   

The market price of our common stock can
become volatile. Numerous factors, many of which are beyond our control, may cause the market price of our common stock to fluctuate
significantly. These factors include: our earnings releases, actual or anticipated changes in our earnings, fluctuations in our
operating results or our failure to meet the expectations of financial market analysts and investors; changes in financial estimates
by us or by any securities analysts who might cover our stock; speculation about our business in the press or the investment community;
significant developments relating to our relationships with our customers or suppliers; stock market price and volume fluctuations
of other publicly traded companies and, in particular, those that are in our industry; customer demand for our products; changes
in governmental regulation of the medical devices that we distribute; investor perceptions of our industry in general and the Company
in particular; the operating and stock performance of comparable companies; general economic conditions and trends; announcements
by us or our competitors of new products, significant acquisitions, strategic partnerships or divestitures; changes in accounting
standards, policies, guidance, interpretation or principles; loss of external funding sources; sales of our common stock, including
sales by our directors, officers or significant stockholders; and additions or departures of key personnel. Securities class action
litigation is often instituted against companies following periods of volatility in their stock price. Should this type of litigation
be instituted against us, it could result in substantial costs to us and divert our management s attention and resources. 

Moreover, securities markets may from time
to time experience significant price and volume fluctuations for reasons unrelated to the operating performance of particular companies.
These market fluctuations may adversely affect the price of our common stock and other interests in the Company at a time when
you want to sell your interest in us.  

We have never declared or paid any
cash dividends on shares of our common stock and do not anticipate doing so.   

We intend to retain any future earnings
for use in the operation and expansion of our business. We do not expect to pay any cash dividends in the foreseeable future but
will review this policy as circumstances dictate. Should we decide in the future to do so, our ability to pay dividends and meet
other obligations may depend upon the receipt of dividends or other payments from any operating subsidiaries we may have in the
future. 

We are subject to penny stock regulations
and restrictions, therefore the market for our common stock is limited and you may have difficulty selling your shares.   

The SEC has adopted regulations which generally
define so-called  penny stocks  to be an equity security that has a market price less than $5.00 per share or an exercise
price of less than $5.00 per share, subject to certain exemptions. Our common stock is therefore subject to Rule 15g-9 under the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (which we refer to as the  Exchange Act ), or the Penny Stock Rule. This
rule imposes additional sales practice requirements on broker-dealers that sell such securities to persons other than established
customers and  accredited investors  (generally, individuals with a net worth in excess of $1,000,000 (excluding the
value of their primary residence) or annual incomes exceeding $200,000 individually, or $300,000 together with their spouses).
For transactions covered by the Penny Stock Rule, a broker-dealer must make a special suitability determination for the purchaser
and have received the purchaser s written consent to the transaction prior to sale. As a result, this rule may affect the
ability of broker-dealers to sell our securities and may affect the ability of purchasers to sell any of our securities in the
secondary market.  

For any transaction involving a penny stock,
unless exempt, the rules require delivery, prior to any transaction in a penny stock, of a disclosure schedule prepared by the
SEC relating to the penny stock market. Disclosure is also required to be made about sales commissions payable to both the broker-dealer
and the registered representative and current quotations for the securities. Finally, monthly statements are required to be sent
disclosing recent price information for the penny stock held in the account and information on the limited market in penny stock. 

There can be no assurance that our common
stock will qualify for exemption from the Penny Stock Rule. In any event, even if our common stock were exempt from the Penny Stock
Rule, we would remain subject to Section 15(b)(6) of the Exchange Act, which gives the SEC the authority to restrict any person
from participating in a distribution of penny stock, if the SEC finds that such a restriction would be in the public interest. 

A large number of shares may be eligible
for future sale and may depress our stock price.   

We may be required, under terms of future
financing arrangements, to offer a large number of common shares to the public, or to register for sale by future private investors
a large number of shares sold in private sales to them. 

Sales of substantial amounts of common
stock, or a perception that such sales could occur, and the existence of options or warrants to purchase shares of common stock
at prices that may be below the then-current market price of our common stock, could adversely affect the market price of our common
stock and could impair our ability to raise capital through the sale of our equity securities, either of which would decrease the
value of any earlier investment in our common stock. 

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMETS  

As a smaller reporting company, we are
not required to provide the information required by this Item. 

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES  

Our corporate headquarters is located at
219 Chemin Metairie Road, Youngsville, Louisiana. The building provides approximately 3,000 square feet of office space. As of
the date of this filing, we have not sought to move or change our office site as our space is adequate to meet our needs. We intend
to secure additional office and warehouse space for our planned medical device business. 

Our primary operations facilities for our
medical devices and pharmaceuticals are located in leased facilities in Leicester, United Kingdom. Our security system testing
is located in leased facilities at the Louisiana State University Business   Innovation Center in Baton Rouge, Louisiana. 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEDINGS  

We know of no material pending legal proceedings
to which the Company or any of its subsidiaries is a party or of which any of their property is the subject.     

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES  

Not Applicable. 

PART II  

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S
COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES   

Market Information  

Our common stock is traded on the Over-the-Counter 
Venture Market under the symbol  IDNG.  The below table sets forth the range of high and low bid information for our
common stock as reported by the Over-the-Counter Official Market site for the periods indicated, and reflects inter-dealer prices,
without retail mark-up, markdown or commission, and may not necessarily represent actual transactions. 

OTC Bulletin Board  

Holders  

As of September 15, 2016, an aggregate
of 357,072,547 shares of our common stock were issued and outstanding and there were approximately 3,000 shareholders of record
of our common stock, inclusive of shares held in street name. On September 15, 2016, the last reported sale of our common stock
as reported by the Over-the-Counter Official Market site was $0.0282 per share. 

Our common shares are issued in registered
form. Continental Stock Transfer   Trust Company (telephone number 212-509-4000) is the registrar and transfer agent for our
common shares. 

Dividends  

We have never paid a cash dividend on our
common stock. We intend to retain our future earnings, if any, to meet our and to finance the future operations of our business.
Therefore, we do not plan to declare or pay any dividends to holders of our common stock in the foreseeable future. Our future
dividend policy will be determined from time to time by our board of directors. 

Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities  

During the fiscal year ended January 31,
2015, the five month transition period ended June 30, 2015 and the fiscal year ended June 30, 2016, we sold the following securities
in transactions that were not registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (which we refer to as the  Securities
Act ). 

(1)  Each of the below described issuances to Asher was made in reliance on Rule 506 of Regulation D
of the Securities Act.   

(2)  On March 31, 2014, we entered into an asset purchase agreement with AMD pursuant to which we issued
an aggregate of 152,172,287 common shares to four investors.  These securities were issued to three U.S. persons in reliance
on Rule 506 of Regulation D under the Securities Act and one non-U.S. person in reliance on Regulation S the Securities Act.   

(3)  On November 12, 2014, we sold 14,905,918 shares of our common stock to two accredited investors
in exchange for an aggregate of $50,000 cash (less $100 in escrow costs) and issued warrants to acquire an additional 7,452,959
shares of our common stock at an exercise price of $.005 per share, in reliance on Rule 506 of Regulation D under the Securities
Act.  The warrants are exercisable, in whole or in part, any time within two years after their issuance.  At
any time after the earlier of the first anniversary of the date of the Securities Purchase Agreement related to the warrants and
the end of the applicable Rule 144 holding period, if there is no registration statement in effect for the warrant shares, then
the warrants may also be exercised by means of a  for cash exercise  in which the holder shall be entitled to receive
a number of warrant shares equal to the quotient obtained by paying an amount to the company equal to the amount of warrant shares
to be delivered multiplied by the exercise price.  If the warrants have not been earlier exercised, they shall be automatically
exercised pursuant to the foregoing provision on the two year anniversary of the purchase agreement.   

(5)  On November 13, 2015, we issued 215 shares of our Series A Preferred Stock in connection with the
acquisition of certain commercial real estate from a related party, which is an entity controlled by a stockholder and officer
of the Company. On December 31, 2015, in exchange for 300 shares of our Series A Preferred Stock, we acquired from a related party,
which is an entity controlled by a stockholder and officer of the Company, certain real estate to be used as our corporate offices
(See Note 3).   

(6)  On December 31, 2015, we issued 625 shares of Series A Preferred Stock to acquire certain limited
liability company membership interest in a real estate development located in Hawaii (See Note 4).   

(7)  On December 31, 2015, a stockholder and officer of the Company   converted $100,000 of the
outstanding principal and interest balance due to the stockholder in exchange for 100 shares of our Series A Preferred Stock (See
Note 6).   

ITEM 6.    SELECTED
FINANCIAL DATA  

As a smaller reporting company, we are
not required to provide the information required by this Item. 

ITEM
7.    MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS   

Overview  

We were incorporated in the State of Nevada
on November 30, 2005 under the name  Oliver Creek Resources, Inc . At inception, we were an exploration stage company
engaged in the acquisition, exploration and development of natural resources. In 2014, we discontinued our oil and gas operations
and changed our business focus. Currently, we are a diversified holding company which, through our subsidiaries, is engaged in
sales and distribution of medical devices, sales of branded generic pharmaceutical drugs, commercial real estate investment and
leasing, sales of point of entry full-body security systems, and specialized financial services. 

Certain Transactions  

Effective November 12, 2015, the Company
entered into a $100,000 Commercial Note Line of Credit (which we refer to as the  Line of Credit ) with a stockholder
and officer of the Company to evidence prior indebtedness and provide for future borrowings. The advances are used to fund our
operations. The Line of Credit accrues interest at 5% per annum and matures on October 31, 2016. At maturity, or in connection
with a pre-payment, subject to the conditions set forth in the Line of Credit, the stockholder has the right to convert the amount
outstanding (or the amount of the prepayment) into the Company s Series A Preferred Stock at the par value of $1,000 per
share. 

On November 12, 2015, we acquired certain
commercial rental property, consisting of $75,000 of land and $405,000 of buildings and improvements, from a related party that
is an entity controlled by a stockholder and officer of the Company,   for $480,000. The purchase price was paid by the Company
through the assumption of $265,000 of long-term bank indebtedness (see Note 7) plus the issuance of 215 shares of the Company s
newly designated Series A Preferred Stock (see Note 8). The purchase price of the property was determined by independent third-party
appraisers commissioned by the financial institution providing the long-term financing for the acquisition, which included the
cost of specific security improvements requested by the lessee. 

On December 30, 2015, we received, from
a stockholder and officer of the Company, $1,862,458 of cash and marketable securities, net of a $980,000 line of credit balance,
in exchange for 1,000 shares of our Series B Preferred Stock. 

At December 31, 2015, the principal balance
plus accrued interest totaled $100,000. At that date, the stockholder elected to convert the outstanding principal and interest
balance into 100 shares of our Series A Preferred Stock. At June 30, 2016, there is no outstanding balance on the Line of Credit. 

On December 31, 2015, we acquired certain
commercial real estate from a related party, that is an entity controlled by a shareholder and officer of the Company, to be used
as our corporate office, for $300,000 consisting of $35,000 of land and $265,000 of buildings and improvements. The purchase price
was paid by the Company with the issuance of 300 shares of the Company s Series A Preferred Stock. The purchase price of
the property was determined by independent third-party appraisal. 

On December 31, 2015, RedHawk Land  
Hospitality, LLC acquired from Beechwood Properties, LLC 280,000 Class A Units (approximately a 2.0% membership interest) of fully
paid, non-assessable units of limited liability company interest in Tower Hotel Fund 2013, LLC, a real estate development limited
liability company formed in the state of Hawaii for acquisition, restoration and development of the Naniloa Hilo Resort in Hilo,
Hawaii. The $625,000 purchase price was paid by the issuance of 625 shares of the Company s Series A Preferred Stock. The
purchase price was determined by an independent third-party valuation. Beechwood Properties, LLC is a real estate limited liability
company owned and controlled by G. Darcy Klug, a stockholder and Chief Financial Officer and Chairman of the board of directors
of the Company. 

We have authorized the issuance of up to
$1 million in principal amount of convertible promissory notes (which we refer to as the  Convertible Notes ). The
Convertible Notes are secured by certain Company real estate holdings and real estate holdings of a stockholder. The Convertible
Notes mature on the fifth anniversary of the date of issuance and are convertible into shares of our common stock at a price of
$0.015 per share. Interest accrues at a rate of 5% per annum and is payable semi-annually. Beginning 180 days after issuance of
the Convertible Notes, the Company has the option to issue a notice of its intent to redeem, for cash, an amount equal to the sum
of (a) 120% of the then outstanding principal balance, (b) accrued but unpaid interest and (c) all liquidated damages and other
amounts due in respect of the Convertible Notes. The Company may only issue the notice of its intent to redeem the Convertible
Notes if the trading average of the Company s common stock equals or exceeds 300% of the conversion price during each of
the five business days immediately preceding the date of the notice of intent to redeem. The holder of the Convertible Notes has
the right to convert all or any portion of the Convertible Notes at the conversion price at any time prior to redemption. At June
30, 2016, there were $340,000 of Convertible Notes outstanding which are convertible into our common stock at a conversion rate
of $0.015 per share or 23,002,083 shares. Subsequent to year end, we completed the funding of an additional $210,000 in Convertible
Notes. $365,000 of the Convertible Notes are held by directors of the Company. 

On February 1, 2016, we received from an
officer of the Company, $250,000 of cash in exchange for 250 shares of our Series B Preferred Stock. 

Working Capital  

Our current assets at June 30, 2016 include
marketable securities of $339,032. These securities are a key source of liquidity for the Company. The securities are stocks traded
on national exchanges and are readily convertible to cash. As with any equity security they are subject to loss from market risks. 

Results of Operations   

Operating Revenues   

For the period from November 30, 2005 (date
of inception) to June 30, 2016, our Company has earned minimal operating revenues. During the year ended June 30, 2016, we commenced
operations in our financial services and commercial real estate leasing business units. Sales of our medical devices and branded
generic pharmaceuticals will commence during the quarter ending September 30, 2016. 

Operating Expenses and Loss from
Continuing Operations   

For the year ended June 30, 2016, we
incurred a loss of $1,267,960 from continuing operations or $nil per share compared with a loss from continuing operations of
$249,069 or $nil per share for the year ended January 31, 2015 and a loss of $105,615 for the five-month period ended June
30, 2015 (which we refer to as the  Transition Period ). The increase in the loss was primarily attributable to
the certain non-recurring transaction costs incurred in connection with (i) the acquisition of certain intangible medical
device assets for the Disintegrator; (ii) the completion of certain foreign equity investments; (iii) the acquisition of
18,021,535 shares of our common stock from a former officer and director of the Company; (iv) litigation costs related to
certain claims against former professionals; (v) litigation costs incurred in connection with claims against certain
investors from the November 2015 private equity raise; (vi) acquisitions costs incurred in connection with the acquisition of
the Centri; and (vii) acquisition costs incurred with certain acquisitions currently in process. 

Costs and expenses for the year ended
June 30, 2016 were $1,443,672 compared with $197,374 for the year ended January 31, 2015 and $106,000 for the Transition
Period. The increases in costs and expenses were principally due to an approximate $556,000 increase in professional fees,
$487,000 increase in management fees, $100,000 increase in sales and marketing expenses and $55,000 increase in general and
administrative expenses. 

These increase in costs and expenses were
principally attributable to higher professional fees which resulted primarily from non-recurring legal costs associated with various
transactional matters, legal fees incurred in connection with certain litigation matters, and greater legal fees associated increased
and more complex regulatory filings completed during the year ended June 30, 2016. Increases in management compensation was primarily
attributable to non-recurring management fees incurred with the execution of a consultancy agreement completed in connection with
our investment in a foreign limited liability company and increased administrative costs due to the Company s increased business
activity. 

During the year ended June 30, 2016,
we recognized a one-time benefit totaling $156,697 which resulted from the expiration of certain indebtedness
obligations. Additionally, we incurred a $55,038 loss on foreign currency exchange principally as a result of declining
value of the British pound sterling during the fiscal year ended June 30, 2016. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources  

As of June 30, 2016, we had cash and
cash equivalents of $727,631 compared with $900 at June 30, 2015. Additionally, at June 30, 2016, we had $339,032 of
marketable securities. During the year ended June 30, 2016, we continued to focus on recapitalizing our balance sheet and
reducing cash outlays for recurring operating costs. These reductions were offset by higher non-recurring professional fees
associated with transactional costs, certain litigation expenses and increased and more complex regulatory filings. We also
concentrated on the completion of certain acquisitions which we believe will provide us with significant revenue
opportunities in the future. 

At June 30, 2016, we had total assets
of $3,638,816 compared with $245,617 at June 30, 2015. The increase in overall assets was principally due to the December 30,
2015 contribution of cash and marketable securities by a certain stockholder and officer of the Company, the acquisition of
certain real estate investments, the acquisition of certain medical device technology and the investment in a certain foreign
limited liability company. 

At June 30, 2016, we had total
liabilities of $2,342,427 compared with $273,312 at June 30, 2015. The increase in total liabilities was principally due to
the outstanding balance of $1,000,495 from the line of credit assumed from a stockholder and officer of the Company, the
purchase of certain commercial real estate including the assumption of $265,000 in bank indebtedness, the assumption of
certain obligations incurred in connection with the investment in a foreign limited liability company, and the completion of
$340,000 of Convertible Notes, all of which was partially offset with the expiration of a $156,697 debt obligation. 

Subsequent to June 30, 2016, we completed
approximately $210,000 of additional Convertible Notes to increase our cash and working capital position. 

Cash Flows  

Cash Flow from Operating Activities   

During the year ended June 30, 2016, cash
of $1,172,960 was used in operating activities, compared with $112,474 used during the year ended January 31, 2015. Changes to
our operating activities are sporadic and result from the early stage of implementation of our business strategies that are supported
by capital raising activities. For the year ended June 30, 2016, a $737,954 increase in accounts payable, a $20,000 non-cash compensation
expense, and a $68,664 non-cash intangible amortization charge and a $18,479 depreciation charge partially offset the $1,267,960
net loss for the period. Increases consisted of $471,974, $104,039 and $21,295 in accounts receivable, inventory and prepaid expenses,
respectively, and a $156,697 gain from the expiration of certain indebtedness. 

The decrease in cash used for operating
activities during the year ended January 31, 2015 was attributed to a net loss of $249,069 which was partially offset by a $57,220
non-cash intangible amortization charge and a $74,166 non-cash charge for the amortization of discount on convertible debentures.
Significant reduction in day-to-day general and administrative expenses for our Company was partially offset by increases in our
payables and a decrease in the amounts due to a related party who is an officer of the Company. 

Cash Flow from Investing Activities   

During the year ended June 30, 2016, we received $1,477,800 from the sale of marketable securities of
which $5,000 was used to acquire certain intellectual properties in connection with specific medical device technologies for the
Disintegrator, including, but not limited to, trademarks, trade names, clinical trial data, designs, drawings and tooling. Additionally,
during the year ended June 30, 2016, we increased our cash investment in a foreign limited liability company by $147,170.  

Cash Flows from Financing Activities   

During the year ended June 30, 2016, we
received $50,000 from the issuance and sale of our common stock. This compares to $49,900 received during the year ended January 31,
2015. 

During the year ended June 30, 2016, we
received $100,000 from a line of credit with a related party, which is an entity controlled by a stockholder and officer of the
Company, $20,495 from a bank line of credit, $340,000 from the sale of our convertible debentures, $256,675 from the issuance of
our Series B Preferred Stock and $14,178 from an insurance note payable. These proceeds were offset by $5,297 of principal note
payments on our long-term debt. Additionally, we acquired 18,021,536 shares of our common stock in connection with the settlement
of certain claims against a former officer of the Company for $76,102 and we incurred $34,791 loan costs in connection with the
completion of funding of the convertible debentures. As of June 30, 2016, we had $62,552 of preferred dividends declared of which
$61,208 were unpaid. 

Non-Cash Investing and Financing
Activities   

During the year ended June 30, 2016, we
completed several non-cash investing and financing transactions with an entity that is controlled by a stockholder and an officer
of the Company: (i) in exchange for 215 shares of our Series A Preferred Stock and the assumption of $265,000 of bank indebtedness,
we acquired certain commercial real estate for $480,000; (ii) in exchange for 300 shares of our Series A Preferred Stock, we acquired
for $300,000 certain commercial real estate to be used as our corporate offices; (iii) we acquired 280,000 Class A Units (approximately
2% membership interest) in a real estate development limited liability company formed for the restoration and development of certain
commercial property in Hawaii in exchange for 625 shares of our Series A Preferred Stock; (iv) in exchange for 1,000 shares of
our Series B Preferred Stock, we received approximately $1,855,692 million of marketable securities, net of a $980,000 line of
credit balance; and (v) we issued 100 shares of our Series A Preferred Stock upon the conversion of a $100,000 outstanding balance
on our line of credit. 

Going Concern  

We have not attained profitable
operations and are dependent upon obtaining financing to pursue any extensive acquisitions and activities. For these reasons,
there is substantial doubt that we will be able to continue as a going concern without further financing. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements  

We have no significant off-balance sheet
arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial condition, changes in financial
condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources that are material
to stockholders. 

Subsequent Events  

Subsequent to June 30, 2016, the Company issued an additional
$210,000 of Convertible Notes to be used for acquisition investment and working capital. 

Future Financings  

We will continue to rely on financial support
from our stockholders and our ability to raise equity capital or debt financing in order to continue to fund our business operations.
Issuances of additional shares and debt instruments convertible into shares of our stock will result in dilution to existing stockholders.
There is no assurance that we will achieve any additional sales of the equity securities or arrange for debt or other financing
to fund our operations and other activities. 

Use of Estimates and Critical Accounting
Policies  

Our financial statements and accompanying
notes have been prepared in accordance with GAAP applied on a consistent basis. The preparation of financial statements in conformity
with GAAP requires our management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities,
the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues
and expenses during the reporting periods. 

We regularly evaluate the accounting policies
and estimates that we use to prepare our financial statements. A complete summary of these policies is included in the notes to
our financial statements. In general, our management s estimates are based on historical experience, information from third
party professionals, and various other assumptions that are believed to be reasonable under the facts and circumstances. Actual
results could differ from those estimates made by management. 

Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements  

We have implemented all new accounting
pronouncements that are in effect and applicable to us. These pronouncements did not have any material impact on the financial
statements unless otherwise disclosed. There are new accounting pronouncements that have been issued that might affect our financial
position or results of operations. 

In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-02,
 Leases , which amended guidance for lease arrangements in order to increase transparency and comparability by providing additional
information to users of financial statements regarding an entity's leasing activities. The revised guidance requires reporting
entities to recognize lease assets and lease liabilities on the balance sheet for substantially all lease arrangements. The new
guidance is effective for the Company in the first quarter of fiscal year 2020 and will be applied on a modified retrospective
basis beginning with the earliest period presented. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of adopting this guidance on
our consolidated financial statements. 

In April 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-03,
 Interest-Imputation of Interest: Simplifying the Presentation of Debt Issue Costs,  which requires that debt issuance costs
related to a recognized debt liability be presented in the balance sheet as a direct deduction from the carrying amount of that
debt liability, consistent with debt discounts. The recognition and measurement guidance for debt issuance costs are not affected
by this guidance. This new guidance is effective for the Company in the first quarter of fiscal 2017. The Company believes that
the impact of the implementation of this new guidance on its consolidated financial statements and disclosures will not be significant. 

In May 2014, the FASB issued ASU 2014-09,
 Revenue from Contracts with Customers.  ASU 2014-09 supersedes prior revenue recognition guidance and provides a five step
recognition framework that will require entities to recognize the amount of revenue to which it expects to be entitled for the
transfer of goods and services. In July 2015, the FASB permitted early adoption and deferred the effective date of this guidance
one year; therefore, it will be effective for the Company in the first quarter of fiscal 2019 and may be implemented retrospectively
to all years presented or in the period of adoption through a cumulative adjustment. The Company is evaluating the impact of the
implementation of this new guidance on its consolidated financial statements and disclosures. 

ITEM 7A.     QUANTITATIVE
AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK  

As a smaller reporting company, we are
not required to provide the information under this item. 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA  

RedHawk Holdings Corp. 

 June 30, 2016 

Index  

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firms   
     F-1  

Consolidated Balance Sheets   
     F-3  

Consolidated Statements of Operations   
     F-4  

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows   
     F-5  

Consolidated Statements of Stockholders  Equity (Deficit)   
     F-6  

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements   
     F-7  

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM   

To the Board of Directors
and Stockholders  

  of RedHawk
Holdings Corp.  

We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of RedHawk Holdings Corp. (the  Company ), as of June
30, 2016 and 2015, and the related consolidated statements of operations, stockholders  equity, and cash flows for the year
ended June 30, 2016 and the five month period ended June 30, 2015. RedHawk Holdings Corp s management  is responsible
for these financial statements. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audits. 

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards
require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material
misstatement. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial
reporting. Our audit included consideration of internal control over financial reporting as a basis for designing audit procedures
that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s
internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. An audit also includes examining, on a test
basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting
principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation.
We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.  

In
our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial
position of RedHawk Holdings Corp. as of June 30, 2016 and 2015, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for
the year ended June 30, 2016 and the five month period ended June 30, 2015, in conformity with accounting principles generally
accepted in the United States of America.  

The
accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As
discussed in Note 1 to the financial statements, the Company s net losses from operations raise substantial doubt about its
ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans regarding those matters are also described in Note 1. The financial
statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. Our opinion is not modified with
respect to that matter.  

/s/ Postlethwaite  
Netterville, APAC  

Lafayette, Louisiana  

October 28, 2016 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM   

To
the Board of Directors and Stockholders  
 of   Redhawk
Holdings, Corp.  

We
have audited the accompanying consolidated statements of operations, stockholders  equity, and cash flows of Redhawk Holdings,
Corp. (the  Company ) for the year ended January 31, 2015 and the related notes to the financial statements. 
These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion
on these financial statements based on our audit. 

We conducted our audit in accordance
with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform
the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. We were not
engaged to perform an audit of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Our audit included consideration
of internal control over financial reporting as a basis for designing audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances,
but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting.
Accordingly, we express no such opinion. An audit also includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and
disclosures in the financial statements, assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management,
as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our
opinion. 

In our 
opinion, the consolidated statements of operations, stockholders  equity, and cash flows of Redhawk Holdings, Corp. for the
year ended January 31, 2015 are presented fairly, in all material respects,  in conformity with accounting principles generally
accepted in the United States of America. 

/s/ Pannell Kerr
Forster of Texas, P.C.  

Houston, Texas  

 May 18, 2015 

REDHAWK HOLDINGS CORP.  

  Consolidated Balance Sheets  

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these financial statements 

REDHAWK HOLDINGS CORP.  

  Consolidated Statements of Operations  

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these financial statements 

REDHAWK HOLDINGS CORP.  

  Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows  

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these financial statements 

REDHAWK HOLDINGS CORP.  

  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF
STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY  

REDHAWK HOLDINGS CORP.  

  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements  

  June 30, 2016  

1.   
       NATURE OF OPERATIONS AND CONTINUANCE OF BUSINESS    

RedHawk Holdings Corp.
(formerly Independence Energy Corp.) was incorporated in the State of Nevada on November 30, 2005 under the name  Oliver
Creek Resources Inc.  At inception, we were organized to acquire, explore and develop natural resource properties in
the United States.  Effective August 12, 2008, we changed our name from  Oliver Creek Resources Inc.  to
 Independence Energy Corp.  and opened for trading with the Over-the Counter Bulletin Board under the symbol  IDNG. 
Effective October 13, 2015, by vote of a majority of the Company s stockholders, the Company s name was changed from
 Independence Energy Corp.  to  RedHawk Holdings Corp.  

On March 31, 2014,
the Company acquired the exclusive right to distribute certain medical devices and changed the focus of its operations to include
medical device distribution. We have expanded our operations to include specialized financial services, pharmaceutical sales, commercial
real estate leasing and investment, and a specialized security system. 

Currently, we are a
diversified holding company which, through our subsidiaries, is engaged in sales and distribution of medical devices, sales of
branded generic pharmaceutical drugs, commercial real estate investment and leasing, sales of point of entry full-body security
systems, and specialized financial services. Through its medical products business unit, the Company sells WoundClot Surgical -
Advanced Bleeding Control, the Disintegrator  Insulin Needle Destruction Unit, the Carotid Artery Digital Non-Contact Thermometer
and Zonis . Its real estate leasing revenues are generated from a commercial property under a long-term lease. Additionally,
the Company s real estate investment unit holds limited liability company interest in a commercial restoration project in
Hawaii. The Company s financial service revenue is from brokerage services earned in connection with debt placement services.
RedHawk Energy Corp., LLC holds the exclusive U.S. manufacturing and distribution rights for the Centri Controlled Entry System,
a unique, closed cabinet, nominal dose transmission full body x-ray scanner. 

In June 2014, the Company
decided to discontinue its oil and gas exploration and production operations. 

Going Concern  

These financial statements
have been prepared on a going concern basis, which implies that the Company will be able to continue as a going concern without
further financing. Currently, the Company must continue to realize its assets to discharge its liabilities in the normal course
of business. The Company has generated minimal revenues to date and has never paid any dividends on its common stock and is unlikely
to pay any common stock dividends or generate significant earnings in the immediate or foreseeable future. 

For the year ended June 30, 2016, the Company had $29,450 in revenue, and a net loss of $1,267,960, and
cash of $1,172,960 used in operating activities. As of June 30, 2016, the Company had a working capital deficit of $174,721 and
an accumulated deficit of $2,646,026. The continuation of the Company as a going concern is dependent upon the continued financial
support from its stockholders, the ability to raise equity or debt financing, and the attainment of profitable operations from
the Company s businesses in order to discharge its obligations. These factors raise substantial doubt regarding the Company s
ability to continue as a going concern. These financial statements do not include any adjustments to the recoverability and classification
of recorded asset amounts and classification of liabilities that might be necessary should the Company be unable to continue as
a going concern. 

2.   
       SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES    

Basis of Presentation  

The consolidated financial
statements of the Company as of June 30, 2016 and 2015 and for the five month period ended June 30, 2015 included herein have been
prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (which we refer to as  GAAP )
pursuant to the rules and regulations of the SEC.  The Company s fiscal year-end was January 31 but was been changed
to June 30 by vote of a majority of the Company s board of directors on June 15, 2015. 

Principles of Consolidation  

The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company and its subsidiaries in which
we have a greater than 50% ownership. All material intercompany accounts have been eliminated upon consolidation. Certain prior
year amounts are sometimes reclassified to be consistent with the current year financial statement presentation. Equity investments,
which we have an ownership greater than 20% but less than 50% through which we exercise significant influence over but do not control
the investee and we are not the primary beneficiary of the investee s activities, are accounted for using the equity method
of accounting. Equity investments, which we have an ownership less than 20%, are recorded at cost. 

Use of Estimates  

The financial statements
and related notes are prepared in conformity with GAAP which requires our management to make estimates and assumptions that affect
the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial
statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. The Company regularly evaluates estimates
and assumptions related to valuation and impairment of long-lived assets, asset retirement obligations, fair value of share-based
payments, and deferred income tax asset valuation allowances. The Company bases its estimates and assumptions on current facts,
historical experience and various other factors that it believes to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which
form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities and the accrual of costs and expenses that
are not readily apparent from other sources. The actual results experienced by the Company may differ materially and adversely
from the Company s estimates. To the extent there are material differences between the estimates and the actual results,
future results of operations will be affected. 

Revenue Recognition  

We derive revenue from
several types of activities   medical device sales, commercial real estate leasing and financial services. Our medical device
sales include the marketing and distribution of certain professional and consumer grade digital non-contact thermometers, needle
destruction unit and advanced bleeding control, non-compression hemostasis. Our real estate leasing revenues are from certain commercial
properties under long-term lease. The financial service revenue is from brokerage services earned in connection with debt placement
services. 

Cash and Cash Equivalents  

We consider highly
liquid investments with an original maturity of 90 days or less to be cash equivalents. 

Marketable Securities  

We determine the appropriate classification of our marketable securities at the time of purchase and reassess
the appropriateness of the classification at each reporting date. At June 30, 2016, all marketable securities held by the Company
have been classified as available-for-sale and, as a result, are stated at fair value with unrealized gains and losses included
as a component of accumulated other comprehensive income or loss. Realized gains and losses on the sale of marketable securities
are determined on a specific identification basis. Interest and dividend income is recorded when it is earned and deemed realizable
by the Company. At June 30, 2016, the fair value of the marketable securities on hand, which consisted entirely of widely recognized
publicly-traded securities, was $339,032. Gross unrealized loss on the fair market value of the marketable securities was $38,860
as of June 30, 2016.  As of June 30, 2016, we had trade date receivables of $302,288 recorded which was related to a sale
of securities that had a trade date prior to June 30, 2016 and a settlement date after that date. 

Accounts Receivable  

Accounts
receivables are amounts due from customers of our medical device division and our financial services division. The amount is
reported at the billed amount, net of any expected allowance for bad debts. There was no allowance for doubtful accounts as
of June 30, 2016 and 2015. 

Inventory  

Inventory consist of
purchased thermometers and advanced bleeding control, non-compression hemostasis held for resale and are stated at the lower of
cost or net realizable value utilizing the first-in, first-out method. 

Property and Improvements  

Property and improvements
are stated at cost. We provide for depreciation expense on a straight line basis over each asset s useful life depreciated
to their estimated salvage value. Buildings are depreciated over a useful life of 20 years. Building improvements are depreciated
over a useful life of 5 to 10 years. 

Oil and Gas Property Costs  

During the year ended
January 31, 2015, the Company decided to discontinue its oil and gas business and the relevant assets have been impaired. In June
2015, the Company assigned its working interest in the Quinlan wells to the operator of those wells in exchange for the cancellation
of all amounts due to the operator, including any future liabilities related to the Quinlan wells. 

Income Taxes  

Potential benefits
of income tax losses are not recognized in the accounts until realization is more likely than not. The Company has adopted Accounting
Standard Codification (which we refer to as  ASC ) 740,  Income Taxes,  as of its inception. Pursuant to ASC 740,
the Company is required to compute tax asset benefits for net operating losses carried forward. The potential benefits of net operating
losses have not been recognized in these financial statements because the Company cannot be assured it is more likely than not
it will utilize the net operating losses carried forward in future years. The Company recognizes interest and penalties related
to uncertain tax positions in income tax expense in the period they are incurred. The Company does not believe that it has any
uncertain tax positions. The Company has not filed any corporate tax returns since its inception. 

Basic and Diluted Net Loss Per Share  

The Company
computes net loss per share in accordance with ASC 260,  Earnings Per Share,  which requires presentation of both basic
and diluted earnings per share (EPS) on the face of the statement of operations. Basic EPS is computed by dividing net loss
available to common shareholders (numerator) by the weighted average number of shares outstanding (denominator) during the
period. Diluted EPS gives effect to all dilutive potential common shares outstanding during the period using the treasury
stock method and the convertible notes and the convertible preferred stock using the if-converted method. In computing
Diluted EPS, the average stock price for the period is used in determining the number of shares assumed to be purchased from
the exercise of stock options or warrants. Diluted EPS excludes all dilutive potential shares if their effect is
anti-dilutive. As of June 30, 2016, January 31, 2015 and June 30, 2015, the Company had 7,452,959 potentially dilutive
shares from our warrants issued in connection with the November 2014 private equity sale. At June 30, 2016, there were
23,002,083 shares issuable upon conversion of the notes but have been excluded from earnings per share calculations
because these shares are anti-dilutive. Also at June 30, 2016, there were potentially 82,666,666 shares issuable upon the
conversion of the Series A Preferred Stock. In addition, there were potentially 125,000,000 shares issuable upon the
conversion of the Series B preferred stock. 

Comprehensive Income (Loss)  

ASC 220,  Comprehensive
Income , establishes standards for the reporting and display of comprehensive loss and its components in the financial statements.
During the year ended June 30, 2016, the Company had $38,860 of other comprehensive loss resulting from the unrecognized loss on
marketable securities. During the five month transition period ended June 30, 2015 and the year ended January 31, 2015, the Company
had no items that represented other comprehensive income or loss. 

Financial Instruments  

Pursuant to ASC 820,
 Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures , an entity is required to maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the
use of unobservable inputs when measuring fair value. ASC 820 establishes a fair value hierarchy based on the level of independent,
objective evidence surrounding the inputs used to measure fair value. A financial instrument s categorization within the
fair value hierarchy is based upon the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurement. ASC 820 prioritizes
the inputs into the following three levels that may be used to measure fair value: 

Level 1.    Level
1 applies to assets or liabilities for which there are quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities. 

Level 2.    Level
2 applies to assets or liabilities for which there are inputs other than quoted prices that are observable for the asset or liability
such as quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities in active markets; quoted prices for identical assets or liabilities in
markets with insufficient volume or infrequent transactions (less active markets); or model-derived valuations in which significant
inputs are observable or can be derived principally from, or corroborated by, observable market data. 

Level 3.    Level
3 applies to assets or liabilities for which there are unobservable inputs to the valuation methodology that are significant to
the measurement of the fair value of the assets or liabilities. 

The Company has marketable
securities with a fair market value of $339,032 at June 30, 2016, which are all publicly traded securities with quoted prices in
active markets. The fair value is based on Level 1 assumptions. 

The Company s
financial instruments consist principally of cash, marketable securities, accounts payable and accrued liabilities, and amounts
due to related parties. Pursuant to ASC 820 and ASC 825, the fair value of our cash is determined based on  Level 1 
inputs, which consist of quoted prices in active markets for identical assets. 

We believe that the
recorded values of all of our other financial instruments approximate their current fair values because of their nature and respective
maturity dates or durations. 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements  

Development Stage  

The Company has limited
operations and is considered to be in the development stage. During the year ended January 31, 2015, the Company elected to early
adopt Accounting Standards Update (which we refer to as  ASU ) No. 2014-10,  Development Stage Entities (Topic 915):
Elimination of Certain Financial Reporting Requirements . The adoption of this ASU allows the Company to remove the inception
to date information and all references to development stage. 

Revenue Recognition  

In May 2014, the Financial
Accounting Standards Board (which we refer to as the  FASB ) issued new guidance intended to change the criteria for
recognition of revenue. The new guidance establishes a single revenue recognition model for all contracts with customers, eliminates
industry specific requirements and expands disclosure requirements. The core principle of the guidance is that an entity should
recognize revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration
to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. To achieve this core principle, an entity should
apply the following five steps: (1) identify contracts with customers, (2) identify the performance obligations in the contracts,
(3) determine the transaction price, (4) allocate the transaction price to the performance obligation in the contract, and (5)
recognize revenue as the entity satisfies performance obligations. In July 2015, the FASB permitted early adoption and deferred
the effective date of this guidance one year; therefore, it will be effective for the Company in the first quarter of fiscal 2019
and may be implemented retrospectively to all years presented or in the period of adoption through a cumulative adjustment. We
are currently evaluating what impact the adoption of this guidance would have on our financial position, results of operations,
cash flows and disclosures. 

Going Concern  

In August 2014, the
FASB issued guidance on disclosures of uncertainties about an entity s ability to continue as a going concern. The guidance
requires management s evaluation of whether there are conditions or events that raise substantial doubt about the entity s
ability to continue as a going concern within one year after the date that the financial statements are issued. This assessment
must be made in connection with preparing financial statements for each annual and interim reporting period. Management s
evaluation should be based on the relevant conditions and events that are known and reasonably knowable at the date the financial
statements are issued. If conditions or events raise substantial doubt about the entity s ability to continue as a going
concern, but this doubt is alleviated by management s plans, the entity should disclose information that enables the reader
to understand what the conditions or events are, management s evaluation of those conditions or events and management s
plans that alleviate that substantial doubt. If conditions or events raise substantial doubt and the substantial doubt is not alleviated,
the entity must disclose this in the footnotes. The entity must also disclose information that enables the reader to understand
what the conditions or events are, management s evaluation of those conditions or events and management s plans that
are intended to alleviate that substantial doubt. The amendments are effective for annual periods and interim periods within those
annual periods beginning after December 15, 2016. We do not expect that adoption will have a material impact on our financial position,
results of operations, cash flows or disclosures. 

Debt Issuance Costs  

In April 2015, the
FASB issued new guidance which requires debt issuance costs to be presented in the balance sheet as a direct deduction from the
carrying value of the associated debt liability, consistent with the presentation of a debt discount. The new guidance does not
affect the recognition and measurement of debt issuance costs. Therefore, the amortization of such costs will continue to be calculated
using the interest method and be reported as interest expense. The new guidance does not specifically address, and therefore does
not affect, the balance sheet presentation of debt issuance costs for revolving debt arrangements. This new guidance is effective
for the Company in the first quarter of fiscal 2017, and will be applied on a retrospective basis. Early adoption is permitted
for financial statements that have not been previously issued. To date, our debt issuance cost of $34,791 as of June 30, 2016
has not been significant. As the Company continues to raise capital to execute its growth strategy, the use of debt in the future
may have additional issuance costs to be accounted for under this guidance. 

Leases  

In February 2016, the
FASB issued ASU 2016-02,  Leases , which amended guidance for lease arrangements in order to increase transparency and comparability
by providing additional information to users of financial statements regarding an entity's leasing activities. The revised guidance
requires reporting entities to recognize lease assets and lease liabilities on the balance sheet for substantially all lease arrangements.
The new guidance is effective for the Company in the first quarter of fiscal year 2020 and will be applied on a modified retrospective
basis beginning with the earliest period presented. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of adopting this guidance on
our consolidated financial statements. 

3.   
       FIXED ASSETS    

Properties and Improvements  

On November 12,
2015, we acquired certain commercial rental property, consisting of $75,000 of land and $405,000 of buildings and
improvements, from a related party that is an entity controlled by a stockholder and officer of the Company,   for
$480,000. The purchase price was paid by the Company through the assumption of $265,000 of long-term bank indebtedness (see
Note 7) plus the issuance of 215 shares of the Company s newly designated Series A Preferred Stock (see Note 8). The
purchase price of the property was determined by independent third-party appraisers commissioned by the financial institution
providing the long-term financing for the acquisition, which included the cost of specific security improvements requested by
the lessee. The property is under lease to an unrelated party through July 31, 2017 at a base rent of $3,250 per month. 

On December 31, 2015,
we acquired certain commercial real estate from a related party, that is an entity controlled by a shareholder and officer of the
Company, to be used as our corporate office, for $300,000 consisting of $35,000 of land and $265,000 of buildings and improvements.
The purchase price was paid by the Company with the issuance of 300 shares of the Company s Series A Preferred Stock. The
purchase price of the property was determined by independent third-party appraisal. 

Oil and Gas Properties  

Effective June 1, 2015,
we assigned 100% of our interest in the Quinlan wells to the operator of those wells in exchange for the cancellation of all current
and future liabilities on the Quinlan wells. 

4.   
       OTHER ASSETS    

Tower Hotel Fund 2013, LLC  

On December 31, 2015,
RedHawk Land   Hospitality, LLC acquired from Beechwood Properties, LLC 280,000 Class A Units (approximately a 2.0% membership
interest) of fully paid, non-assessable units of limited liability company interest in Tower Hotel Fund 2013, LLC, a real estate
development limited liability company formed in the state of Hawaii for acquisition, restoration and development of the Naniloa
Hilo Resort in Hilo, Hawaii. The $625,000 purchase price was paid by the issuance of 625 shares of the Company s Series A
Preferred Stock. The purchase price was determined by an independent third-party valuation. Beechwood Properties, LLC is a real
estate limited liability company owned and controlled by G. Darcy Klug, a stockholder and Chief Financial Officer and Chairman
of the board of directors of the Company. 

Intangible Assets  

On March 31, 2014,
the Company entered into an asset purchase agreement (which we refer to as the  Agreement ) with American Medical Distributors,
LLC (which we refer to as  AMD ) pursuant to which the Company acquired a five-year license commencing on November
27, 2013 for the exclusive territorial distribution rights to the Thermofinder non-contact thermometer from AMD in exchange for
the issuance of 152,172,287 shares of the Company s common stock with a fair value of $320,431 based on the fair value of
such shares on the date of issuance. As a part of this asset acquisition and share issuance, the Company also received a payment
of $60,000. The intangible asset is being amortized over the remaining life of the license agreement. Amortization expense is expected
to be approximately $69,000 per year for years 2017 and 2018 and approximately $33,000 in year 2019. 

On December 31, 2015,
we acquired certain tangible and intangible high-quality medical device assets, including the Disintegrator  Insulin Needle
Destruction Unit (which we refer to as  NDD ) and the Carotid Artery Non-Contact Thermometer. The purchase price was
paid by the issuance of 60,000,000 restricted shares of our common stock, which are subject to vesting based upon the completion
by the seller of certain performance milestones including, but not limited to, successful completion of NDD upgrades, submission
for worldwide patents for the NDD, completion of the first NDD production model, approval by the Company of the initial NDD production
run, attaining certain NDD unit sales and profitability milestones, and receipt of final worldwide patents for the NDD. At June
30, 2016, none of the restricted shares had vested. 

On March 23, 2016,
RedHawk Pharma UK Ltd acquired a 25% equity interest in EcoGen Europe Ltd (which we refer to as  EcoGen ) from Scarlett
Pharma Ltd (which we refer to as  Scarlett ). The Company has agreed to issue to Scartlett up to 100 million restricted
shares of common stock of the Company. Under the terms of the purchase agreement, 10 million shares were issued to Scarlett at
closing with an additional 90 million shares (which we refer to as the  Earnout Shares ) to be issued and vested pro
rata as EcoGen reports audited EBITDA (Earnings Before Interest, Taxes, Depreciation and Amortization). The issuance and vesting
of the Earnout Shares will occur annually based upon audited results of EcoGen and will conclude with the earlier of EcoGen attaining
cumulative EBITDA of $100 million or seven years from the closing date. 

Additionally, during
the seven-year period commencing on the closing date, the Company has the right, but not the obligation, to increase its ownership
position in EcoGen up to a maximum of 49% of the entire capital of EcoGen. Should the Company exercise its option to increase its
ownership position, the Company will issue to Scarlett, pro rata, up to an additional 100 million restricted shares of the common
stock of the Company. 

Concurrent with the
execution of the purchase agreement, the Company entered into a consultancy agreement with Scarlett for the marketing and distribution
in the United Kingdom and, where available, other European and Middle East countries, certain medical device products offered by
RedHawk Medical Products UK Ltd. 

5.   
       LOAN AND INSURANCE NOTE PAYABLE    

We finance a portion
of our insurance premiums. At June 30, 2016, the outstanding balance due on our premium finance agreement was $14,178. 

In December 2011, the
Company received a loan in the amount of $156,697 from an unrelated third party. The loan was non-interest bearing, unsecured and
due on demand. On December 11, 2015, the time frame to collect the loan by the third party had expired. Therefore, the loan was
written off and recorded within other income/expense as expiration of indebtedness. 

6.   
       DUE TO RELATED PARTY    

Effective November
12, 2015, the Company entered into a $100,000 Commercial Note Line of Credit (which we refer to as the  Line of Credit )
with a stockholder and officer of the Company to evidence prior indebtedness and provide for future borrowings. The advances are
used to fund our operations. 

The Line of Credit
accrues interest at 5% per annum and matures on October 31, 2016. At maturity, or in connection with a pre-payment, subject to
the conditions set forth in the Line of Credit, the stockholder has the right to convert the amount outstanding (or the amount
of the prepayment) into the Company s Series A Preferred Stock at the par value of $1,000 per share. 

At December 31, 2015,
the principal balance plus accrued interest totaled $100,000. At that date, the stockholder elected to convert the outstanding
principal and interest balance into 100 shares of our Series A Preferred Stock. At June 30, 2016, there is no outstanding balance
on the Line of Credit. 

7.   
       LONG-TERM DEBT, DEBENTURES AND LINE OF CREDIT    

On November 12, 2015,
we acquired certain commercial real estate from a related party that is an entity controlled by a stockholder and officer of the
Company   for $480,000 consisting of $75,000 of land costs and $405,000 of buildings and improvements (see Note 3). The purchase
price was paid by through the assumption by the Company of $265,000 of long-term bank indebtedness (which we refer to as  Note )
plus the issuance of 215 shares of the Company s newly designated Series A Preferred Stock. The purchase price also included
the cost of specific security improvements requested by the lessee. 

The Note is dated November
13, 2015 and has a principal amount of $265,000. Monthly payments under the Note are $1,962 including interest accruing at a rate
of 5.95% per annum. The Note matures in June 2021 and is secured by the commercial real estate, guarantees by the Company and its
real estate subsidiary and the personal guarantee of a stockholder who is also an officer of the Company. 

We have authorized
the issuance of up to $1 million in principal amount of convertible promissory notes (which we refer to as the  Convertible
Notes ). The Convertible Notes are secured by certain Company real estate holdings and real estate holdings of a stockholder.
The Convertible Notes mature on the fifth anniversary of the date of issuance and are convertible into shares of our common stock
at a price of $0.015 per share. Interest accrues at a rate of 5% per annum and is payable semi-annually. Beginning 180 days after
issuance of the Convertible Notes, the Company has the option to issue a notice of its intent to redeem, for cash, an amount equal
to the sum of (a) 120% of the then outstanding principal balance, (b) accrued but unpaid interest and (c) all liquidated damages
and other amounts due in respect of the Convertible Notes. The Company may only issue the notice of its intent to redeem the Convertible
Notes if the trading average of the Company s common stock equals or exceeds 300% of the conversion price during each of
the five business days immediately preceding the date of the notice of intent to redeem. The holder of the Convertible Notes has
the right to convert all or any portion of the Convertible Notes at the conversion price at any time prior to redemption. At June
30, 2016, there were $340,000 ($242,117 net of deferred financing costs and beneficial conversion option) of Convertible Notes
outstanding which are convertible into our common stock at a conversion rate of $0.015 per share or 23,002,083 shares. Subsequent
to year end, we completed the funding of an additional $210,000 in Convertible Notes. 

Our line of credit
with a bank totals $1,000,000 of which the entire amount was outstanding as of June 30, 2016. The line of credit is due upon demand
and is secured by marketable securities, a corporate guarantee and the guarantee of a stockholder who is also an officer of the
Company. Interest accrues at the rate of one-month LIBOR plus 2.75% and is paid monthly. The interest rate at June 30, 2016 was
3.47%. 

8.   
       STOCKHOLDERS  EQUITY    

Effective on October
13, 2015, we amended and restated our articles of incorporation as previously adopted by a majority vote of our stockholders. The
amended and restated articles of incorporation, among other things, changed our name to RedHawk Holdings Corp., authorized 5,000
shares of Preferred Stock, and increased the number of authorized shares of common stock from 375,000,000 to 450,000,000. 

Common Stock  

On October 15, 2015,
we entered into a securities purchase agreement with an accredited investor for the sale of 5,000,000 shares of our common stock
in exchange for $50,000. 

On February 9, 2016,
we entered into a settlement agreement with a former officer and director in partial settlement of certain litigation. At the time
of the settlement, the officer owned 18,021,535 shares of our common stock. In exchange for a payment of $42,500 and other consideration
provided in the settlement, the Company purchased the shares owned by the former officer and returned those shares into the Company
treasury. The Company incurred transaction costs of $33,602 in completing this equity transaction. 

On March 23, 2016,
we issued 10,000,000 shares of our common stock, having a fair market value of $260,000, in connection with entering into a purchase
agreement with Scatlett to acquire a 25% ownership interest in EcoGen (See Note 4). 

Preferred Stock  

Pursuant to a certificate
of designation filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Nevada, effective November 12, 2015, 2,750 shares of our authorized
Preferred Stock have been designated as Series A 5% Convertible Preferred Stock, with a $1,000 stated value (which we refer to
as  Series A Preferred Stock ). The holders of the Series A Preferred Stock are entitled to receive cumulative dividends
at a rate of 5% per annum, payable quarterly in cash, or at the Company s option, such dividends shall be accreted to, and
increase, the stated value of the issued Series A Preferred Stock (which we refer to as  PIK ). Holders of the Series
A Preferred Stock are entitled to votes on all matters submitted to stockholders at a rate of ten votes for each share of common
stock into which the Series A Preferred Stock may be converted. After nine months from issuance, each share of Series A Preferred
Stock is convertible, at the option of the holder, into the number of shares of common stock equal to the quotient of the stated
value, as adjusted for PIK dividends, by $0.015, as adjusted for stock splits and dividends. 

On November 12, 2015,
we issued 215 shares of our Series A Preferred Stock in connection with the acquisition of certain commercial real estate from
a related party, which is an entity controlled by a stockholder and officer of the Company. On December 31, 2015, in exchange for
300 shares of our Series A Preferred Stock, we acquired from a related party, which is an entity controlled by a stockholder and
officer of the Company, certain real estate to be used as our corporate offices (see Note 3). 

On December 31, 2015,
we issued 625 shares of Series A Preferred Stock to acquire certain limited liability company membership interest in a real estate
development located in Hawaii (See Note 4). 

On December 31, 2015,
a stockholder and officer of the Company   converted $100,000 of the outstanding principal and interest balance due to the
stockholder in exchange for 100 shares of the Company s Series A Preferred Stock (see Note 6). 

Pursuant to a certificate
of designation filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Nevada, effective February 16, 2016, 1,250 shares of our authorized
Preferred Stock have been designated as Series B 5% Convertible Preferred Stock, with a $1,000 stated value (which we refer to
as  Series B Preferred Stock ). The holders of the Series B Preferred Stock are entitled to receive cumulative dividends
at a rate of 5% per annum, payable quarterly in cash, or at the Company s option, such dividends shall be accreted to, and
increase, the stated value of the issued Series B Preferred Stock (which we refer to as  PIK ). Holders of the Series
B Preferred Stock are entitled to votes on all matters submitted to stockholders at a rate of ten votes for each share of common
stock into which the Series B Preferred Stock may be converted. After nine months from issuance, each share of Series B Preferred
Stock is convertible, at the option of the holder, into the number of shares of common stock equal to the quotient of the stated
value, as adjusted for PIK dividends, by $0.01, as adjusted for stock splits and dividends. 

On December 30, 2015,
we received, from a stockholder and officer of the Company, $1,862,458 of cash and marketable securities, net of a $980,000 line
of credit balance, in exchange for 1,000 shares of our Series B Preferred Stock. 

On February 1, 2016,
we received from an officer of the Company, $250,000 of cash in exchange for 250 shares of our Series B Preferred Stock. 

Warrants  

During November 2014,
we completed a private equity sale of 14,905,918 shares of common stock generating proceeds of $49,900. As a component of this
private equity sale, 7,452,959 warrants to acquire common stock of the Company were also issued with an exercise price of $0.005
per share. During the year ended June 30, 2016, no warrants were exercised and 7,452,959 warrants remain outstanding.
The warrants expire upon the close of business on November 7, 2016. 

9.   
       DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS    

On June 23, 2014, the
Company impaired its remaining oil and natural gas properties and changed its focus to medical device distribution and other businesses.
The Company s oil and gas properties were fully impaired in the year ended January 31, 2015 and the Company assigned its
working interest in the oil and gas properties to the operator of those wells in exchange for the cancellation of all amounts due
to the operator, including any future liabilities. As a result of the Company s impairment of its oil and gas properties
and change in direction for the Company s business, all expenses related to the oil and natural gas operations have been
classified as discontinued operations. 

The results of discontinued
operations are summarized as follows: 

As of June 30, 2016 and 2015, the Company had approximately $2,400,000 and $1,100,000, respectively, of
net operating losses carried forward to offset taxable income in future years which expire commencing in fiscal 2026 and run through
2036. The related deferred income tax asset of these net operating losses is estimated to be $800,000 and $400,000 as of June 30,
2016 and 2015, respectively, based on statutory federal income tax rates in effect. However, there is no net tax asset recorded
as a 100% valuation allowance has been established for the tax benefit generated. At June 30, 2016, the Company had no uncertain
tax positions. 

The Company accounts
for interest and penalties relating to uncertain tax provisions in the current period statement of income, as necessary. The Company
has never filed a tax return. In order to utilize the available net operating loss carryforwards, the Company will need to prepare
and file all tax returns since its inception. The Company s tax years from inception are subject to examination. 

Due to our history of operating losses and the uncertainty surrounding the realization of the deferred
tax assets in future years, our management has determined that it is more likely than not that the deferred tax assets will not
be realized in future periods. Accordingly, the Company has recorded a valuation allowance against its net deferred tax assets. 

11.   
       SEGMENT INFORMATION    

SFAS No. 131,   Disclosures
About Segments of an Enterprise and Related Information,   requires that companies disclose segment data based on how
management makes decisions about allocating resources to segments and measuring their performance. Currently, we conduct our businesses
in three operating segments   Land   Hospitality, Medical Device and Pharmaceutical, and Other Services. Our Land  
Hospital and Other Services business units operate in the United States. Our Medical Device and Pharmaceutical business unit currently
operates primarily in the United Kingdom. All remaining assets, primarily our corporate offices and investment portfolio, are located
in the United States. The segment classified as Corporate includes corporate operating activities that support the executive offices,
capital structure and costs of being a public registrant. These costs are not allocated to the operating segments when determining
profit or loss. The following table reflects our segments as of June 30, 2016 and for the year then ended. For periods
prior to the year ended June 30, 2016, we did not have separately identifiable segments. 

The Company evaluates
subsequent events through the time of our filing on the date we issue our financial statements, which was on October 28, 2016.
The following are matters which occurred subsequent to June 30, 2016. 

Subsequent to June
30, 2016, the Company issued an additional $210,000 of Convertible Notes to be used for acquisition investment and working capital. 

On September 26, 2016, the Company announced it had agreed to acquire up to a 25% interest in Marlin USA
Energy Partners, LLC, the minority owner of Tigress Energy Partners, LLC. As of the date of this report, the Company has made a
$70,000 cash investment related to this agreement. 

On October 25, 2016, the Company announced that it had received pre-market clearance from the U.S. Food and
Drug Administration for the sale of its Sharps and Needle Destruction Device in the United States. 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON
ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE  

None. 

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES  

Disclosure Controls and Procedures   

In accordance
with Rules 13a-15(b) under the Exchange Act, we carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of
our management, including our chief executive officer and chief financial officer (our principal executive officer, principal financial
officer and principal accounting officer), of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of June 30, 2016 which
is the end of the period covered by this Form 10-K. Based on the evaluation of these disclosure controls and procedures, and in
light of the material weaknesses found in our internal controls over financial reporting, our chief executive officer and chief
financial officer (our principal executive officer, principal financial officer and principal accounting officer) concluded that
our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective. 

Management s Report on Internal
Control over Financial Reporting   

Management
is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as defined in Exchange Act
Rule 13a-15(f)   and 15d-15(f). Our company s internal control over financial reporting
is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles.  

Because of its inherent limitations, internal
control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness
to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree
of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

Under the supervision and with the participation
of our management, including the chief executive officer and chief financial officer (our principal executive officer, principal
financial officer and principal accounting officer), our management conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of the Company s
internal control over financial reporting as of June 30, 2016 using the criteria established in   Internal Control - Integrated
Framework (2013)   issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (which we refer to as
 COSO ). 

A material weakness is a deficiency, or
combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material
misstatement of our company s annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis.
In its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting as of June 30, 2016, our management determined
that there were control deficiencies that constituted material weaknesses, as described below. 

We do not have an Audit Committee    While not being legally obligated to have an audit
committee, it is our management s view that such a committee, including a financial expert member, is an utmost important
entity level control over the Company s financial statements. Currently, the board of directors acts in the capacity of the
audit committee.   

We did not maintain
appropriate cash controls    As of June 30, 2016, the Company had not maintained sufficient internal control over financial
reporting for the cash process, including failure to segregate cash handling and accounting functions, and did not require dual
signature on the Company s bank accounts. The lack of such controls over cash were mitigated by the fact that the Company
had limited transactions in its bank accounts and significant cash transactions are reviewed by the board of directors.  

Accordingly, our management concluded that
these control deficiencies resulted in a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of the annual or interim financial
statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis by the Company s internal controls. 

As a result of the material weaknesses
described above, our management has concluded that the Company did not maintain effective internal control over financial reporting
as of June 30, 2016 based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by COSO. 

Changes in Internal Control over
Financial Reporting   

There has been no change in our internal
control over financial reporting identified in connection with our evaluation we conducted of the effectiveness of our internal
control over financial reporting as of June 30, 2016, that occurred during our fourth fiscal quarter that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

Continuing Remediation Efforts to
address deficiencies in Company s Internal Control over Financial Reporting   

Once the company is engaged in a business
of merit and has sufficient personnel available, then our board of directors, in particular and in connection with the aforementioned
deficiencies, will establish the following remediation measures: 

We will nominate an audit
committee which will include an independent director who is a financial expert.   

We will appoint additional personnel to assist with the preparation of the Company s monthly
financial reporting, including preparation of the monthly bank reconciliations.   

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION  

None. 

PART III  

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS AND OFFICERS  

All directors of our company hold office
until the next annual meeting of the security holders or until their successors have been elected and qualified. The officers of
our company are appointed by our board of directors and hold office until their death, resignation or removal from office. Our
directors and executive officers, their ages, positions held, and duration as such, are as follows: 

Name   
       
       Age   
       
       Position Held with the Company   

Thomas J. Concannon  
       
      62  
       
      Chief Executive Officer and Director  

G. Darcy Klug  
       
      64  
       
      Chief Financial Officer and Chairman of the board of directors  

Felix C. Spizale  
       
      70  
       
      Director  

Phillip Harris IV  
       
      72  
       
      Director  

Robert H. Rhyne Jr.  
       
      62  
       
      Director  

Andre F. Toce Sr.  
       
      57  
       
      Director  

Kav Singh Hundle  
       
      35  
       
      Director  

Thomas J. Concannon.   Mr.
Concannon has been a director of the Company since February 1, 2016 and serves as our Chief Executive Officer since July 11, 2016.
Mr. Concannon has over 30 years of energy industry experience. From 2013 to February 2016, Mr. Concannon provided consulting services
to certain private companies in the services sector of the oil and gas industry. Between 2009 and 2013, Mr. Concannon was Senior
Vice President and Secretary of Wolfpack Energy Services, LLC, a Texas based provider of rental equipment and tubular services
to the oil and natural gas industry. Prior to joining Wolfpack, Mr. Concannon held a similar senior financial position with RedHawk
Energy Corp., LLC, an oilfield services company owned by Beechwood Properties, LLC. Beechwood is the beneficial owner of approximately
52% of the Company s common stock and is owned by G. Darcy Klug, the Company s Chairman and Chief Financial Officer.
From 1996 to 2006, Mr. Concannon served as Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Geokinetics, Inc., a  Nasdaq
 listed provider of seismic acquisition and data processing services to the oil and natural gas industry. Between 1992 and
1996, Mr. Concannon worked as a private financial consultant for various energy companies. Prior to 1992, Mr. Concannon served
as President of NJR Energy, an oil and natural gas exploration and production company and as a director of its parent company,
New Jersey Resources, a New York Stock Exchange Company. Mr. Concannon holds a Juris Doctorate from St John s University
School of Law and earned a Bachelor of Science degree in accounting from Manhattan College and was a member of the audit staff
of PricewaterhouseCoopers. Mr. Concannon is qualified to serve as a director because of his extensive corporate, legal, and financial
management experience. 

G. Darcy Klug.   Mr. Klug has
been our Chief Financial Officer since February 27, 2015 and was named Chairman of our board of directors on April 20, 2016. Mr.
Klug is the founder and sole owner of Beechwood Properties, LLC. This company focuses on acquiring, renovating and leasing select
commercial and residential real estate. Mr. Klug is also the owner of several other investment companies, including Beechwood Capital
Corporation and RedHawk Capital, LLC. From May 2008 until he joined RedHawk, Mr. Klug was engaged in various private investments
including real estate and oilfield service companies. Between May 2001 and May 2008, Mr. Klug was Executive Vice President (formerly
Chief Financial Officer) of OMNI Energy Services Corp., a  Nasdaq  listed company.
From 1987 through May 2001, he was engaged in several private investments in the oilfield service, medical litigation support and
manufacturing industries. Between 1983 and 1987, Mr. Klug held various positions with a private oil and gas fabrication company,
including the position of Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer. Prior to 1983, he held various positions with Galveston-Houston
Company, a New York Stock Exchange listed manufacturer of oil and gas equipment and held the position of Chief Financial Officer
of First Matagorda Corporation, a  Nasdaq  listed oil and gas exploration company
and affiliate of Galveston-Houston Company. Between 1973 and 1979, he was a member of the audit staff of Coopers   Lybrand
(now PricewaterhouseCoopers). Mr. Klug is a 1973 accounting graduate of Louisiana State University and, in 1974, was admitted as
a member of the Louisiana State Board of Certified Public Accountants, the Texas State Board of Certified Public Accountants and
the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants. Mr. Klug is qualified to serve as a director because of his extensive financial
experience with both public and private companies. 

Felix C. Spizale.   Mr. Spizale
has been a director of the Company since February 1, 2015. Mr. Spizale brings over 45 years of experience in the energy industry.
During the past 14 years, Mr. Spizale has been serving as a consultant to energy companies specializing in oil and natural gas
exploration and petroleum pipeline operations. Prior to his consulting work, Mr. Spizale held various engineering, general manager
and executive level positions over his 32-year career at Texaco. Mr. Spizale was appointed General Manager/President of Texaco
Pipeline, International, LLC in 1998, which was responsible for identifying and optimizing Texaco s worldwide pipeline opportunities.
Mr. Spizale retired from Texaco at the end of December, 2001. Mr. Spizale holds a Bachelor of Science degree in petroleum engineering
from the University of Louisiana   Lafayette and is a graduate of the Columbia University Program for Executive Management
Development. Mr. Spizale is a member of the American Petroleum Institute and the Society of Petroleum Engineers. Mr. Spizale is
qualified to serve as a director because of his extensive management experience in various aspects of the energy industry. 

Phillip Harris     
IV.   Mr. Harris has been a director of the Company since April 20, 2016. Mr. Harris held a number of positions with United
Parcel Service during a 25-year career. Mr. Harris joined United Parcel Service in 1975 and at the time of his retirement in 2000,
he held the position of Vice President of Corporate Compliance. Since his retirement from United Parcel Service, Mr. Harris has
been involved in private investments in various industries. Mr. Harris is a veteran and during his service he was assigned to
the Navy s  Fast Attack  submarine naval forces. Mr. Harris attended Wake Forest University and received a degree
in accounting from the University of North Carolina   Greensboro in 1976. Mr. Harris is qualified to serve as a director
because of his extensive managerial experience in commercial transportation, corporate governance and corporate compliance. 

Robert H. Rhyne Jr.   Mr. Rhyne
has been a director of the Company since April 20, 2016. Mr. Rhyne brings over 25 years of business experience spent in a number
of business sectors with particular emphasis in the oilfield service industry. Mr. Rhyne also brings international business experience
garnered through activities conducted in Hong Kong and Indonesia. Mr. Rhyne has spent his career making private investments. In
1987, Mr. Rhyne cofounded Preheat, Inc. which provided services to the energy industry. Mr. Rhyne served as Preheat s President
and Chief Executive Officer until the company was acquired in February of 2006 by  Omni 
Energy Services Corp. Mr. Rhyne was appointed their Vice President of Sales upon the acquisition of Preheat by  Omni 
Energy Services Corp. and served in that capacity until 2008. During 2008, Mr. Rhyne returned to private investing including investments
in oilfield service equipment and rentals and commissary operations for various state and parish correctional facilities in Louisiana.
Mr. Rhyne received a degree in business from Nichols State University in 1977. Mr. Rhyne is qualified to serve as a director because
of his extensive entrepreneurial background and managerial experience in the oilfield services, corrections and real estate industries. 

Andre F. Toce Sr.   Mr. Toce
has been a director of the Company since April 20, 2016. Mr. Toce has been a trial attorney since 1987 and currently serves as
the owner and Senior Trial Attorney at The Toce Law Firm. In his capacity at his firm, Mr. Toce represents oilfield service companies,
independent oil and gas producers, mineral rights owners, royalty owners and landowners. Mr. Toce is the Founder and President
of the Andre Toce Sr. Family Foundation which distributes money to many of those in the world less fortunate including homes for
battered single mothers and their children, alcohol and addiction recovery centers, schools and orphanages in Uganda. Mr. Toce
holds an undergraduate degree in Microbiology from Louisiana State University and earned a Juris Doctorate degree in 1985 also
from Louisiana State University. Mr. Toce is qualified to serve as a director because of his extensive experience in legal matters,
including various aspects of the medical, pharmaceutical and oil and gas industries. 

Kav Singh Hundle.   Mr. Hundle
has been a director of the Company since May 26, 2016. Since 2006, Mr. Hundle has served as a director of Warwick Healthcare Ltd.,
a pharmaceutical services company. In his current role with Warwick, Mr. Hundle is responsible for all aspects of its business
but has paid particular attention to pharmaceutical exportation, manufacturing and acquisitions. Warwick has seen significant
growth since its inception and has successfully completed nine acquisitions and currently operates twelve Pharmacies. Mr. Hundle
also serves as a Director of EcoGen Europe Ltd., a pharmaceutical company which markets and sells branded generic drugs in the
United Kingdom and other targeted European markets. Mr. Hundle was the driving force in establishing and implementing EcoGen s
operating strategy. Mr. Hundle has served in his capacity as a director of EcoGen Europe Ltd. since 2015. As of March of this
year, RedHawk Holdings Corp., through a United Kingdom subsidiary, acquired a minority interest in EcoGen Europe Ltd. Mr. Hundle
received his Master s Degree in Pharmacy from the Leicester School of Pharmacy in 2003. Mr. Hundle is a member of the Royal
Pharmaceutical Society of Great Britain and is registered with the General Pharmaceutical Council. Mr. Hundle is qualified to
serve as a director because of his vast experience in the pharmaceutical and medical device industries. 

Audit Committee and Audit Committee
Financial Expert  

Our board of directors does not have an
audit committee but we believe all of our directors qualify as financial experts. In addition, we have determined that Messrs.
Spizale, Harris, Rhyne, and Toce are  independent directors  as the term is defined in the  Nasdaq 
Listing Rule 5605(a)(2). 

We believe that all of the members of our
board of directors are capable of analyzing and evaluating our financial statements and understanding internal controls and procedures
for financial reporting. 

Committees and Procedures  

We have no standing nominating, compensation
or audit committees or committees performing similar functions nor do we have a written nominating, compensation or audit committee
charter. Our directors do not believe that it is necessary to have such committees at this stage of the Company s development
because they believe the functions of such committees can be adequately performed by the members of our board of directors. 

Code of Ethics  

We have adopted a Code of Business Conduct
and Ethics that applies to, among other persons, members of our board of directors, officers including our chief executive officer
and chief financial officer, employees, consultants and advisors. As adopted, our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics sets forth
written standards that are designed to deter wrongdoing and to promote: 

honest and ethical conduct, including the ethical handling of actual or apparent conflicts of interest
between personal and professional relationships;   

full, fair, accurate, timely, and understandable disclosure in reports and documents that we file
with, or submit to, the SEC and in other public communications made by us;   

compliance with applicable governmental laws, rules and regulations;   

the prompt internal reporting of violations of the Code of Business Conduct and Ethics to an appropriate
person or persons identified in the Code of Business Conduct and Ethics; and   

accountability for adherence to the Code of Business Conduct and Ethics.   

Our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics
requires, among other things, that all of the Company's executive officers commit to timely, accurate and consistent disclosure
of information, that they maintain confidential information, and that they act with honesty and integrity. 

In addition, our Code of Business Conduct
and Ethics emphasizes that all employees, and particularly executive officers, have a responsibility for maintaining financial
integrity within the Company, consistent with generally accepted accounting principles, and federal and state securities laws.
Any executive officer, who becomes aware of any incidents involving financial or accounting manipulation or other irregularities,
whether by witnessing the incident or being told of it, must report it to the Company. Any failure to report such inappropriate
or irregular conduct of others is to be treated as a severe disciplinary matter. It is against the Company policy to retaliate
against any individual who reports in good faith the violation or potential violation of our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics
by another. 

Our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics
was filed with the SEC as Exhibit 14.1 to our annual report on Form 10-K filed on May 15, 2012. We will provide a copy of
the Code of Business Conduct and Ethics to any person without charge upon written request to RedHawk Holdings Corp., Post Office
Box 53929, Lafayette, Louisiana 70505. 

Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting
Compliance  

Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act requires
our directors, executive officers, and persons who beneficially own more than ten percent of a registered class of our equity securities
to file with the SEC initial reports of ownership and reports of changes in ownership of common stock and other equity securities
of the Company. Executive officers, directors and greater than ten percent stockholders are required by SEC regulations to furnish
us with copies of all Section 16(a) forms they file. 

To our knowledge, based solely upon a review
of Forms 3 and 4 and amendments thereto furnished to us under Rule 16a-3(e) during the fiscal year ended June 30, 2016, Forms 5
and any amendments thereto furnished to us with respect to the fiscal year ended June 30, 2016, and the representations made by
the reporting persons to us, we believe that during the fiscal year ended June 30, 2016, our executive officers and directors and
all persons who own more than ten percent of a registered class of our equity securities complied with all Section 16(a) filing
requirements. 

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION  

The particulars of the compensation paid
to the following persons: 

(a)  
      our principal executive officers;   

who we will collectively refer to as the
named executive officers of our company, are set out in the following summary compensation table, except that no disclosure is
provided for any named executive officer, other than our principal executive officers, whose total compensation did not exceed
$100,000 for the respective fiscal year: 

SUMMARY COMPENSATION
TABLE  

During 2015, the Company
changed its year end for financial statement purposes from January 31 to a June 30 year end. In the above table, the 2015 I period
reflects the Company s new year end. 

(1)  Mr. Gregory Rotelli was elected a director of the Company on November 30, 2011. He was appointed
as chief executive officer, president, chief financial officer, treasurer, and secretary of the Company on February 22, 2012. He
resigned as chief executive officer on March 31, 2014 and resigned from all of his other positions with the Company on February
4, 2015.   

(3)  Mr. Schreiber resigned as the Chairman of the board of directors and as a director on April 20,
2016. He resigned his position as Chief Executive Officer on July 5, 2016.   

Narrative Disclosure to Summary Compensation
Table  

Until his resignation,
Mr. Rotelli served as our president and chief executive officer as an independent contractor under a Consulting Agreement dated
September 1, 2013. He received $7,500 per month for his services payable in cash and/or our common shares, and was entitled to
additional performance-based compensation in the board s discretion. No such compensation was awarded. Upon his resignation,
Mr. Rotelli waived any right he had under the Consulting Agreement to severance payments related to the termination of his agreement. 

There are no compensatory
plans or arrangements, including payments to be received from the Company with respect to any current executive officer, that would
result in payments to such person because of his or her resignation, retirement or other termination of employment with our company,
or its subsidiaries, any change in control, or a change in the person s responsibilities following a change in control of
our company. 

Stock Option Plan  

Currently, we do not have a stock option
plan in favor of any director, officer, consultant or employee of the Company. 

Stock Options/SAR Grants  

During our fiscal year ended June 30, 2016,
there was no options granted to our executive officers or directors. 

Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal
Year End  

No equity awards were outstanding as of
the year ended June 30, 2016. 

Option Exercises  

During our fiscal year ended June 30, 2016,
there were no options exercised by our executive officers  .   

Compensation of Directors  

We do not have any agreements for compensating
our directors for their services in their capacity as directors, although we do expect in the future to grant them options to purchase
shares of our common stock. 

Pension, Retirement or Similar Benefit
Plans  

There are no arrangements or plans in which
we provide pension, retirement or similar benefits for directors or executive officers. We have no material bonus or profit sharing
plans pursuant to which cash or non-cash compensation is or may be paid to our directors or executive officers, except that stock
options may be granted at the discretion of the board of directors or a committee thereof. 

Indebtedness of Directors, Senior Officers,
Executive Officers and Other Management  

None of our directors or executive officers
or any associate or affiliate of the Company during the last two fiscal years is or has been indebted to the Company by way of
guarantee, support agreement, letter of credit or other similar agreement or understanding currently outstanding. 

Compensation Committee Interlocks and
Insider Participation  

We currently do not have a compensation
committee of the board of directors. The board of directors as a whole determines executive officer compensation. Our Chief Executive
Officer and Chief Financial Officer are members of the board of directors. 

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN
BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS  

The following table
sets forth certain information concerning the number of shares of our common stock beneficially owned (as determined under Rule
13d-3 pursuant to the Exchange Act) as of June 30, 2016 by: (i) our directors; (ii) our named executive officers; (iii) each person
or group known by us to beneficially own more than 5% of our outstanding shares of common stock; and (iv) all of our current directors
and executive officers as a group. Unless otherwise indicated, the shareholders listed below possess sole voting and investment
power with respect to the shares they own. Beneficial ownership consists of a direct interest in the shares of common stock, except
as otherwise indicated. 

(2)   Includes 57,064,608 shares held by the Schreiber Living Trust-DTD 2/08/95 In Care of Avior Capital
LLC. Mr. Schreiber has voting and dispositive control over securities held by Schreiber Living Trust and Avior Capital LLC. During
2016, Mr. Schreiber resigned his positions as the Company s Chairman and Chief Executive Officer.   

(3)   Includes 314,184,184 shares held by Beechwood Properties, LLC. G. Darcy Klug has voting and dispositive
control over securities held by Beechwood Properties, LLC. Mr. Klug is our Chairman, Chief Financial Officer and Secretary.   

(4)   Mr. Concannon serves as the Chief Executive Officer and director of the Company.   

(5)   Messrs. Toce, Rhyne, Hundle, Spizale and Harris are directors of the Company.   

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED
TRANSACTIONS AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE  

No director, executive officer, shareholder
holding at least 5% of shares of our common stock, or any family member thereof, had any material interest, direct or indirect,
in any transaction, or proposed transaction during the years ended June 30, 2016 and 2015, with the Company, in which the amount
involved exceeded or exceeds the lesser of $120,000 or one percent of the average of our total assets at the year-end for the last
two completed fiscal years. 

Effective November 12, 2015, the Company
entered into a $100,000 Commercial Note Line of Credit (which we refer to as  Line of Credit ) with Beechwood Properties,
LLC, a company owned and controlled by Mr. Klug, to evidence prior indebtedness and provide for future borrowings. The advances
were used to fund our operations. 

The Line of Credit accrued interest at
5% per annum and matured on October 31, 2016. At maturity, or in connection with a pre-payment, subject to the conditions set forth
in the Line of Credit, Mr. Klug had the right to convert the amount outstanding (or the amount of the prepayment) into the Company s
Series A Preferred Stock at the par value of $1,000 per share. At December 31, 2015, the principal balance plus accrued interest
totaled $100,000. At that date, Mr. Klug elected to convert the outstanding principal and interest balance into 100 shares of our
Series A Preferred Stock. 

At June 30, 2016, there was no outstanding
balance on the Line of Credit. 

On November 13, 2015, we issued 215 shares
of our Series A Preferred Stock in connection with the acquisition of certain commercial real estate from a related party, which
is an entity controlled by a stockholder and officer of the Company. On December 31, 2015, in exchange for 300 shares of our Series
A Preferred Stock, we acquired from a related party, which is an entity controlled by a stockholder and officer of the Company,
certain real estate to be used as our corporate offices (see Note 3). 

On December 31, 2015, we issued 625 shares
of Series A Preferred Stock to Beechwood Properties, LLC to acquire certain limited liability company membership interest in a
real estate development located in Hawaii (See Note 4). 

On December 31, 2015, a stockholder and
officer of the Company   converted $100,000 of the outstanding principal and interest balance due to the stockholder in exchange
for 100 shares of the Company s Series A Preferred Stock (see Note 6). 

On December 30, 2015, we received, from
a stockholder and officer of the Company, $1,862,458 of cash and marketable securities, net of a $980,000 line of credit balance,
in exchange for 1,000 shares of our Series B Preferred Stock. 

On February 1, 2016, we received from an
officer of the Company, $250,000 of cash in exchange for 250 shares of our Series B Preferred Stock. 

On February 22, 2016, we entered into a
settlement agreement with a former officer and director in partial settlement of certain litigation. At the time of the settlement,
the officer owned 18,021,535 shares of our common stock. In exchange for a payment of $42,500 and other consideration provided
in the settlement, the Company purchased the shares owned by the former officer and returned those shares into the Company treasury.
The Company incurred transaction costs of $33,602 in completing this equity transaction. 

On March 23, 2016, we issued 10,000,000
shares of our common stock, having a fair market value of $260,000, in connection with entering into a purchase agreement with
Scarlett to acquire a 25% ownership interest in EcoGen. Mr. Hundle owns 33 1/3% of Scarlett. 

Director Independence  

We currently act with seven directors consisting
of G. Darcy Klug, Thomas J. Concannon, Felix Spizale, Phillip Harris IV, Andre Toce Sr., Robert Rhyne Jr. and Kav Singh Hundle.
We have determined that all but three  of our directors, Messrs. Klug, Concannon and Hundle, are  independent directors 
as defined in NASDAQ Listing Rule 5605(a)(2). We do not have a standing audit, compensation or nominating committee, but our directors
act in such capacities. We believe that our directors are capable of analyzing and evaluating our financial statements and understanding
internal controls and procedures for financial reporting. Our directors do not believe that it is necessary to have an audit committee
at this time because we believe that the functions of an audit committee can be adequately performed by the current directors. 

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND
SERVICES  

Audit fees represent the aggregate fees
for professional services rendered for audits of the consolidated financial statements of the Company and reviews of interim consolidated
financial statements. Audit related fees represent professional fees associated with the audit of financial statements of an acquired
business that were included in a Form 8-K filed by us. 

Audit services for the year ended January
31, 2015 and the audit related fees for the year ended June 30, 2016 were provided by Pannell Kerr Forster of Texas, P.C. and audit
services for the year ended June 30, 2016 and the five month transition period ended June 30, 2015 were provided by Postlethwaite
  Netterville, a APAC. 

Our board of directors pre-approves all
services provided by our independent auditors. All of the above services and fees were reviewed and approved by the board of directors
before the respective services were rendered. 

Our board of directors has considered the
nature and amount of fees billed by our independent auditors and believes that the provision of services for activities unrelated
to the audit is compatible with maintaining our independent auditors  independence. 

Representatives of Postlethwaite   Netterville are expected to be present at the 2016 annual meeting,
will have an opportunity to make a statement if they so desire, and are expected to be available to respond to appropriate questions. 

PART IV  

ITEM 15.  EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES  

(a)(1) Financial Statements  

The information required by this Item is incorporated herein by reference to the financial statements set forth
in Item 8 (Financial Statements and Supplementary Data) of Part II of this From 10-K. 

(a)(3) Financial Statements Schedules  

Financial statement schedules have been omitted because they
are not applicable, not material, not required or the required information is included in this Form 10-K. 

(a)(3) Exhibits  

The following exhibits are either filed herewith or incorporated
herein by reference: 

EXHIBIT INDEX  

*     Filed herewith.   

SIGNATURES  

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this Form 10-K to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

REDHAWK HOLDINGS CORP.    

Date: October 28, 2016  
      By:  
       /s/  Thomas J. Concannon  

Thomas J. Concannon    

Chief Executive Officer and Director    

(Principal Executive Officer)    

Date: October 28, 2016  
      By:  
       /s/  G. Darcy Klug  

G. Darcy Klug    

Chief Financial Officer and Director    

(Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer)    

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the
dates indicated. 

Date: October 28, 2016  
      By:  
       /s/  Thomas J. Concannon  

Thomas J. Concannon    

Chief Executive Officer and Director    

(Principal Executive Officer)    

Date: October 28, 2016  
      By:  
       /s/  G. Darcy Klug  

G. Darcy Klug    

Chief Financial Officer and Director    

(Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer)    

Date: October 28, 2016  
      By:  
       /s/  Phillip Harris IV  

Phillip Harris IV    

Director   

Date: October 28, 2016  
      By:  
       /s/  Kav S. Hundle  

Kav S. Hundle    

Director   

Date: October 28, 2016  
      By:  
       /s/  Robert H. Rhyne Jr.  

Robert H. Rhyne Jr.    

Director   

Date: October 28, 2016  
      By:  
       /s/  Felix C. Spizale  

Felix C. Spizale    

Director   

Date: October 28, 2016  
      By:  
       /s/  Andre F. Toce Sr.  

Andre F. Toce Sr.    

Director   

<EX-31.1>
 2
 s104292_ex31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31-1

EXHIBIT 31.1  

  CERTIFICATION OF THE PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE
OFFICER  

  PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002  

I, Thomas J. Concannon, certify that: 

1.  I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of RedHawk
Holdings Corp.; 

2.  Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact
necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with
respect to the period covered by this report;   

3.  Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in
all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods
presented in this report;   

4.  The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and
procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined
in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:   

(a)  Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our
supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known
to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;   

(b)  Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed
under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of
financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;    

(c)  Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on
such evaluation; and   

(d)  Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the
registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially
affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and   

5.  The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control
over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons
performing the equivalent functions):   

(a)  All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting
which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and   

(b)  Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's
internal control over financial reporting.   

Dated: October 28, 2016  
       /s/ Thomas J. Concannon   

Thomas J. Concannon  

Chief Executive Officer    
  (Principal Executive Officer)   

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 s104292_ex31-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31-2

EXHIBIT 31.2  

  CERTIFICATION OF THE PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL
OFFICER  

  PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002  

I, G. Darcy Klug, certify that: 

1.  I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of RedHawk
Holdings Corp.; 

2.  Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact
necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with
respect to the period covered by this report;   

3.  Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in
all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods
presented in this report;   

4.  The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and
procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined
in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:   

(a)  Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our
supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known
to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;   

(b)  Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed
under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of
financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;    

(c)  Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on
such evaluation; and   

(d)  Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the
registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially
affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and   

5.  The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control
over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons
performing the equivalent functions):   

(a)  All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting
which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and   

(b)  Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's
internal control over financial reporting.   

Dated: October 28, 2016  
       /s/ G. Darcy Klug   

G. Darcy Klug  

Chief Financial Officer   
  (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer)   

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 s104292_ex32-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32-1

EXHIBIT 32.1  

CERTIFICATION OF THE PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE
OFFICER PURSUANT TO  

  18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO  

  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT
OF 2002  

I, Thomas J. Concannon, hereby certify,
pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1)  the Annual Report on Form 10-K of RedHawk Holdings Corp. (the  Company ) for the year
ended June 30, 2016, as filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), fully
complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and   

(2)  the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial
condition and results of operations of the Company.   

Dated:
October 28, 2016   
       /s/ Thomas J. Concannon   

Thomas J. Concannon  

Chief Executive Officer  
          (Principal Executive Officer)   

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 s104292_ex32-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 32-2

EXHIBIT 32.2  

CERTIFICATION OF THE PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL
OFFICER PURSUANT TO  

  18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO   

  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT
OF 2002  

I, G. Darcy Klug, hereby certify, pursuant
to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1)  the Annual Report on Form 10-K of RedHawk Holdings Corp. (the  Company ) for the year
ended June 30, 2016, as filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), fully
complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and   

(2)  the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
of the Company.   

Dated:
October 28, 2016   
       /s/ G. Darcy Klug   

G. Darcy Klug  

Chief Financial Officer   
  (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer)   

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 idng-20160630.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE FILE

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 idng-20160630.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 idng-20160630_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 idng-20160630_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 idng-20160630_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 idng-20160630_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

