<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161101_10-Q_edgar_data_907254_0000907254-16-000259_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>7945904</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>150703</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>391648</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>3049728</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3079722</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1077621</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>35</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000907254-16-000259.hdr.sgml : 20161101
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161101164722
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000907254-16-000259
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		62
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161101
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161101

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			SAUL CENTERS INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000907254
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT TRUSTS [6798]
		IRS NUMBER:				521833074
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MD
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-12254
		FILM NUMBER:		161965300

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		7501 WISCONSIN AVENUE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 1500
		CITY:			BETHESDA
		STATE:			MD
		ZIP:			20814
		BUSINESS PHONE:		3019866207

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		7501 WISCONSIN AVENUE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 1500
		CITY:			BETHESDA
		STATE:			MD
		ZIP:			20814

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000907254-16-000259.txt : 20161101

10-Q
 1
 bfs-09302016x10q.htm
 10-Q

Document 

Table of Contents  

United States 
  Securities and Exchange Commission 
  Washington, D.C. 20549 

Quarterly Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the 
  Securities Exchange Act of 1934 
  For The Quarterly Period Ended   September 30, 2016    
  Commission File Number 1-12254 
    
               SAUL CENTERS, INC. 
      (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

Maryland 
    52-1833074 
      (State or other jurisdiction of 
  incorporation or organization) 
    (I.R.S. Employer 
  Identification No.) 

7501 Wisconsin Avenue, Bethesda, Maryland 20814 
  (Address of principal executive office) (Zip Code) 
  Registrant s telephone number, including area code (301) 986-6200 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15 (d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding   12 months   (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirement for the past   90 days  .    YES     x      NO    o 
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (  232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding   12 months   (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). 
  YES     x      NO     o 
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer or a smaller reporting company. See definition of  accelerated filer,   large accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): 
    
                         Large accelerated filer 
      
    o 
    Accelerated filer 
      
    x 

Non-accelerated filer 
      
    o 
    Smaller reporting company 
      
    o 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).     YES    o      NO    x 
  Number of shares of common stock, par value   $0.01   per share outstanding as of   October 31, 2016  :   21.4 million  . 

-  1  - 

Table of Contents  

SAUL CENTERS, INC. 
  Table of Contents 

-  2  - 

Table of Contents  

PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
   
  Item 1.    Financial Statements 
  Basis of Presentation 
  The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States ( GAAP ) for interim financial information and with the instructions to Form 10-Q and Article 10 of Regulation S-X. In the opinion of management, all adjustments necessary for the fair presentation of the financial position and results of operations of Saul Centers, Inc. for the interim periods have been included. All such adjustments are of a normal recurring nature. These consolidated financial statements and the accompanying notes should be read in conjunction with the audited consolidated financial statements of Saul Centers, Inc. for the year ended   December 31, 2015  , which are included in its Annual Report on Form 10-K. The results of operations for interim periods are not necessarily indicative of results to be expected for the year. 

-  3  - 

Table of Contents  
  Saul Centers, Inc. 

CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

The Notes to Financial Statements are an integral part of these statements. 
  
   -  4  - 

Table of Contents  
  Saul Centers, Inc. 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
  (Unaudited) 

The Notes to Financial Statements are an integral part of these statements. 
  
   -  5  - 

Table of Contents  
  Saul Centers, Inc. 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
  (Unaudited) 

The Notes to Financial Statements are an integral part of these statements. 
  
   -  6  - 

Table of Contents  
  Saul Centers, Inc. 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF STOCKHOLDERS  EQUITY 
  (Unaudited)    

The Notes to Financial Statements are an integral part of these statements. 
  
   -  7  - 

Table of Contents  
  Saul Centers, Inc. 

-  8  - 

Table of Contents  
    
  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) 

1. 
    Organization, Formation and Structure 
     Saul Centers, Inc. ( Saul Centers ) was incorporated under the Maryland General Corporation Law on June 10, 1993, and operates as a real estate investment trust (a  REIT ) under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the  Code ). The Company is required to annually distribute at least   90%   of its REIT taxable income (excluding net capital gains) to its stockholders and meet certain organizational and other requirements. Saul Centers has made and intends to continue to make regular quarterly distributions to its stockholders. Saul Centers, together with its wholly-owned subsidiaries and the limited partnerships of which Saul Centers or one of its subsidiaries is the sole general partner, are referred to collectively as the  Company.  B. Francis Saul II serves as Chairman of the Board of Directors and Chief Executive Officer of Saul Centers. 
  Saul Centers was formed to continue and expand the shopping center business previously owned and conducted by the B. F. Saul Real Estate Investment Trust, the B. F. Saul Company and certain other affiliated entities, each of which is controlled by B. Francis Saul II and his family members (collectively, the  Saul Organization ). On August 26, 1993, members of the Saul Organization transferred to Saul Holdings Limited Partnership, a newly formed Maryland limited partnership (the  Operating Partnership ), and   two   newly formed subsidiary limited partnerships (the  Subsidiary Partnerships,  and, collectively with the Operating Partnership, the  Partnerships ), shopping center and mixed-use properties and the management functions related to the transferred properties. Since its formation, the Company has developed and purchased additional properties. 
  The following table lists the significant properties acquired, in development and disposed since December 31, 2014. 

As of   September 30, 2016  , the Company s properties (the  Current Portfolio Properties ) consisted of   49   operating shopping center properties (the  Shopping Centers ),   seven   mixed-use properties, one of which was designated as held for sale, which are comprised of office, retail and multi-family residential uses (the  Mixed-Use Properties ) and   three   (non-operating) development properties. 

2.  
    Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 
     Nature of Operations 
  The Company, which conducts all of its activities through its subsidiaries, the Operating Partnership and Subsidiary Partnerships, engages in the ownership, operation, management, leasing, acquisition, renovation, expansion, development and financing of community and neighborhood shopping centers and mixed-use properties, primarily in the Washington, DC/Baltimore metropolitan area. 
  Because the properties are located primarily in the Washington, DC/Baltimore metropolitan area, the Company is subject to a concentration of credit risk related to these properties.  A majority of the Shopping Centers are anchored by   one   or more major tenants.  As of   September 30, 2016  ,   29   of the Shopping Centers were anchored by a grocery store and offer primarily day-to-day necessities and services.  The number of grocery-anchored centers excludes the Briggs Chaney Plaza and Broadlands Village shopping centers, where Safeway ceased operations during the quarter ended June 30, 2016, but whose leases remain in full force and effect.    Three   tenants individually accounted for   2.5%   or more of the Company s total revenue for the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016  .  Giant Food, a tenant at   nine   Shopping Centers, Capital One, a tenant at   20   properties, and Albertson's/Safeway, a tenant at   nine   Shopping Centers, individually accounted for   4.3%  ,   2.7%  , and   2.6%  , respectively, of the Company's total revenue for the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016  . 
  Principles of Consolidation 
  The accompanying consolidated financial statements of the Company include the accounts of Saul Centers and its subsidiaries, including the Operating Partnership and Subsidiary Partnerships, which are majority owned by Saul Centers.  All significant intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. 
  
   -  9  - 

     Table of Contents  
    
  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) 

The Operating Partnership is a variable interest entity ("VIE") of the Company because the limited partners do not have substantive kick-out or participating rights.  The Company is the primary beneficiary of the Operating Partnership because it has the power to direct the activities of the Operating Partnership and the rights to absorb   74.3%   of the net income of the Operating Partnership.  Because the Operating Partnership was already consolidated into the financial statements of the Company, the identification of it as a VIE has no impact on the consolidated financial statements of the Company. 
  Basis of Presentation 
  The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States ( GAAP ) for interim financial information and with the instructions to Form 10-Q and Article 10 of Regulation S-X.  In the opinion of management, all adjustments necessary for the fair presentation of the financial position and results of operations of Saul Centers, Inc. for the interim periods have been included.  All such adjustments are of a normal recurring nature.  These consolidated financial statements and the accompanying notes should be read in conjunction with the audited consolidated financial statements of Saul Centers, Inc. for the year ended   December 31, 2015  , which are included in its Annual Report on Form 10-K.  The results of operations for interim periods are not necessarily indicative of results to be expected for the year. 
  Use of Estimates 
  The preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make certain estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. 
  Accounts Receivable, Accrued Income and Allowance for Doubtful Accounts 
  Accounts receivable primarily represent amounts currently due from tenants in accordance with the terms of the respective leases.  Receivables are reviewed monthly and reserves are established with a charge to current period operations when, in the opinion of management, collection of the receivable is doubtful.  Accounts receivable in the accompanying financial statements are shown net of an allowance for doubtful accounts of approximately   $2.0 million   and   $1.3 million   at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively. 
  In addition to rents due currently, accounts receivable includes approximately   $42.5 million   and   $41.4 million  , at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively, net of allowance for doubtful accounts totaling   $0.5 million   and   $0.5 million  , respectively, representing minimum rental income accrued on a straight-line basis to be paid by tenants over the remaining term of their respective leases. 
  Assets Held for Sale 
  The Company considers properties to be assets held for sale when all of the following criteria are met: 
             
    management commits to a plan to sell a property; 
                
    it is unlikely that the disposal plan will be significantly modified or discontinued; 
                
    the property is available for immediate sale in its present condition; 
                
    actions required to complete the sale of the property have been initiated; 
                
    sale of the property is probable and the Company expects the completed sale will occur within   one   year; and 
                
    the property is actively being marketed for sale at a price that is reasonable given its current market value. 
     The Company must make a determination as to the point in time that it is probable that a sale will be consummated, which generally occurs when an executed sales contract has no contingencies and the prospective buyer has significant funds at risk to ensure performance.  Upon designation as an asset held for sale, the Company records the carrying value of each property at the lower of its carrying value or its estimated fair value, less estimated costs to sell, and ceases depreciation.  As of   September 30, 2016  , the Company has classified as held-for-sale   one   operating property, comprising   197,127   square feet of gross leasable area.  The book value of this property, which is included in Other Assets, was   $3.6 million  , net of accumulated depreciation of   $7.0 million  , which does not exceed its estimated fair value, less costs to sell, and liabilities were   $0.3 million  .  Fair value was determined based on a third party appraisal. 
  
   -  10  - 

     Table of Contents  
    
  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) 

Cash and Cash Equivalents 
  Cash and cash equivalents include short-term investments.  Short-term investments include money market accounts and other investments which generally mature within three months, measured from the acquisition date, and/or are readily convertible to cash. 
  Construction In Progress 
  Construction in progress includes land, preconstruction and development costs of active projects. Preconstruction costs include legal, zoning and permitting costs and other project carrying costs incurred prior to the commencement of construction. Development costs include direct construction costs and indirect costs incurred subsequent to the start of construction such as architectural, engineering, construction management and carrying costs consisting of interest, real estate taxes and insurance.  Effective August 1, 2016, the Company's Glebe Road asset was taken out of service and transferred to construction in progress.  Construction in progress as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , is composed of the following: 

Deferred Debt Costs 
  Deferred debt costs consist of fees and costs incurred to obtain long-term financing, construction financing and the revolving line of credit. These fees and costs are being amortized on a straight-line basis over the terms of the respective loans or agreements, which approximates the effective interest method.  Deferred debt costs totaled $  7.7 million   and $  8.7 million  , net of accumulated amortization of   $6.9 million   and   $6.2 million  , at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively, and are reflected as a reduction of the related debt in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
  Deferred Income 
  Deferred income consists of payments received from tenants prior to the time they are earned and recognized by the Company as revenue, including tenant prepayment of rent for future periods, real estate taxes when the taxing jurisdiction has a fiscal year differing from the calendar year, reimbursements specified in the lease agreement and tenant construction work provided by the Company. In addition, deferred income includes the fair value of certain below market leases. 
  Deferred Leasing Costs 
  Deferred leasing costs consist of commissions paid to third-party leasing agents, internal direct costs such as employee compensation and payroll-related fringe benefits directly related to time spent performing leasing-related activities for successful commercial leases, amounts attributed to in-place leases associated with acquired properties and lease inducement costs.  Leasing related activities include evaluating the prospective tenant s financial condition, evaluating and recording guarantees, collateral and other security arrangements, negotiating lease terms, preparing lease documents and closing the transaction.  Unamortized deferred costs are charged to expense if the applicable lease is terminated prior to expiration of the initial lease term.  Deferred leasing costs are amortized over the term of the lease or remaining term of acquired leases. Collectively, deferred leasing costs totaled   $26.3 million   and   $26.9 million  , net of accumulated amortization of   $29.7 million   and   $26.6 million  , as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively.  Amortization expense, included in depreciation and amortization of deferred leasing costs in the consolidated statements of operations, totaled   $4.4 million   and   $4.2 million   for the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively. 
  Derivative Financial Instruments 
  The Company may, when appropriate, employ derivative instruments, such as interest-rate swaps, to mitigate the risk of interest rate fluctuations. The Company does not enter into derivative or other financial instruments for trading or speculative purposes. Derivative financial instruments are carried at fair value as either assets or liabilities on the consolidated balance sheets. For those derivative instruments that qualify and are designated as hedging instruments, the Company designates the hedging instrument, based upon the exposure being hedged, as a fair value hedge or a cash flow hedge. For those derivative instruments that qualify and are designated as hedging instruments, the effective portion of the gain or loss on the hedge instruments is reported as a component of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) and recognized in earnings within  
  
   -  11  - 

     Table of Contents  
    
  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) 

the same line item associated with the forecasted transaction in the same period or periods during which the hedged transaction affects earnings. Any ineffective portion of the change in fair value of a derivative instrument is immediately recognized in earnings. For derivative instruments that do not qualify, or that qualify and are not designated, as hedging instruments, changes in fair value are immediately recognized in earnings. 
  Derivative financial instruments expose us to credit risk in the event of non-performance by the counterparties under the terms of the derivative instrument. The Company minimizes its credit risk on these transactions by dealing with major, creditworthy financial institutions as determined by management, and therefore, it believes that the likelihood of realizing losses from counterparty non-performance is remote. 
  Income Taxes 
  The Company made an election to be treated, and intends to continue operating so as to qualify, as a REIT under the Code, commencing with its taxable year ended December 31, 1993.  A REIT generally will not be subject to federal income taxation, provided that distributions to its stockholders equal or exceed its REIT taxable income and it complies with certain other requirements.  Therefore, no provision has been made for federal income taxes in the accompanying consolidated financial statements. 
  Legal Contingencies 
  The Company is subject to various legal proceedings and claims that arise in the ordinary course of business, which are generally covered by insurance.  While the resolution of these matters cannot be predicted with certainty, the Company believes the final outcome of such matters will not have a material adverse effect on its financial position or results of operations. Upon determination that a loss is probable to occur and can be reasonably estimated, the estimated amount of the loss is recorded in the financial statements. Both the amount of the loss and the point at which its occurrence is considered probable can be difficult to determine. 
    
  Postemployment Benefits 
  From time to time, the Company may enter into an arrangement with an employee at the time of the employee s separation from service whereby the employee will receive certain payments in exchange for certain releases, covenants not to compete, or other promises.  If no future services are required in order for the employee to receive the payments, the Company estimates the amount of payments to be made over the life of the arrangement and records that amount as an expense as of the date of the arrangement with a corresponding liability representing the amount to be paid in the future.  
  Predevelopment Expenses 
  Predevelopment expenses represent certain costs incurred by the Company in connection with active development and redevelopment projects and include, for example, costs related to the early termination of tenant leases and demolition of existing structures. 
  Real Estate Investment Properties 
  The Company purchases real estate investment properties from time to time and records assets acquired and liabilities assumed, including land, buildings, and intangibles related to in-place leases and customer relationships, based on their fair values. The fair value of buildings generally is determined as if the buildings were vacant upon acquisition and subsequently leased at market rental rates and considers the present value of all cash flows expected to be generated by the property including an initial lease up period. From time to time the Company may purchase a property for future development purposes.  The Company determines the fair value of above and below market intangibles associated with in-place leases by assessing the net effective rent and remaining term of the lease relative to market terms for similar leases at acquisition taking into consideration the remaining contractual lease period, renewal periods, and the likelihood of the tenant exercising its renewal options.  The fair value of below market lease intangibles is recorded as deferred income and accreted as additional revenue over the remaining contractual lease period and any renewal option periods included in the valuation analysis.  The fair value of above market lease intangibles is recorded as a deferred asset and amortized as a reduction of revenue over the remaining contractual lease term.  The Company determines the fair value of at-market in-place leases considering the cost of acquiring similar leases, the foregone rents associated with the lease-up period and carrying costs associated with the lease-up period. Intangible assets associated with at-market in-place leases are amortized as additional expense over the remaining contractual lease term. To the extent customer relationship intangibles are present in an acquisition, the fair values of the intangibles are amortized over the lives of the customer relationships.  The Company has never recorded a customer relationship intangible asset.  Acquisition- 
  
   -  12  - 

     Table of Contents  
    
  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) 

related transaction costs are generally charged to expense as incurred and reported as acquisition related costs in the consolidated statements of operations. 
  If there is an event or change in circumstance that indicates a potential impairment in the value of a real estate investment property, the Company prepares an analysis to determine whether the carrying value of the real estate investment property exceeds its estimated fair value.  The Company considers both quantitative and qualitative factors including recurring operating losses, significant decreases in occupancy, and significant adverse changes in legal factors and business climate. If impairment indicators are present, the Company compares the projected cash flows of the property over its remaining useful life, on an undiscounted basis, to the carrying value of that property.  The Company assesses its undiscounted projected cash flows based upon estimated capitalization rates, historic operating results and market conditions that may affect the property. If the carrying value is greater than the undiscounted projected cash flows, the Company would recognize an impairment loss equivalent to an amount required to adjust the carrying amount to its then estimated fair value.  The value of any property is sensitive to the actual results of any of the aforementioned estimated factors, either individually or taken as a whole. Should the actual results differ from management s projections, the valuation could be negatively or positively affected.  The Company did not recognize an impairment loss on any of its real estate during the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016   and   2015  . 
  Interest, real estate taxes, development-related salary costs and other carrying costs are capitalized on projects under development and construction.  Upon substantial completion of construction and the placement of the assets into service, rental income, real estate tax expense, property operating expenses (consisting of payroll, repairs and maintenance, utilities, insurance and other property related expenses) and depreciation are included in current operations and capitalization of interest ceases. Property operating expenses are charged to operations as incurred.  Interest capitalized totaled   $1.8 million   and   $1.4 million   for the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively.  Commercial development projects are considered substantially complete and available for occupancy upon completion of tenant improvements, but no later than   one   year from the cessation of major construction activity.  Multi-family residential development projects are considered substantially complete and available for occupancy upon receipt of the certificate of occupancy from the appropriate licensing authority.  Substantially completed portions of a project are accounted for as separate projects. 
  Depreciation is calculated using the straight-line method and estimated useful lives of generally between   35   and   50   years for base buildings, or a shorter period if management determines that the building has a shorter useful life, and up to   20   years for certain other improvements that extend the useful lives.  Leasehold improvement expenditures are capitalized when certain criteria are met, including when the Company supervises construction and will own the improvements.  Tenant improvements are amortized, over the shorter of the lives of the related leases or the useful life of the improvements, using the straight-line method.  Depreciation expense in the Consolidated Statements of Operations totaled   $29.0 million   and   $28.2 million   for the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively.  Repairs and maintenance expense totaled   $9.2 million   and   $9.0 million   for the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively, and is included in property operating expenses in the Consolidated Statements of Operations.  
  Revenue Recognition 
  Rental and interest income are accrued as earned except when doubt exists as to collectability, in which case the accrual is discontinued.  Recognition of rental income commences when control of the space has been given to the tenant.  When rental payments due under leases vary from a straight-line basis because of free rent periods or scheduled rent increases, income is recognized on a straight-line basis.  Expense recoveries represent a portion of property operating expenses billed to tenants, including common area maintenance, real estate taxes and other recoverable costs, and are recognized in the period in which the expenses are incurred.  Rental income based on a tenant s revenue ( percentage rent ) is accrued when a tenant reports sales that exceed a breakpoint specified in the lease agreement. 
  Stock-based Employee Compensation, Stock Plan and Deferred Compensation Plan for Directors 
  The Company uses the fair value method to value and account for employee stock options.  The fair value of options granted is determined at the time of each award using the Black-Scholes model, a widely used method for valuing stock-based employee compensation, and the following assumptions: (1) Expected Volatility determined using the most recent trading history of the Company s common stock (month-end closing prices) corresponding to the average expected term of the options; (2) Average Expected Term of the options is based on prior exercise history, scheduled vesting and the expiration date; (3) Expected Dividend Yield determined by management after considering the Company s current and historic dividend yield rates, the Company s yield in relation to other retail REITs and the Company s market yield at the grant date; and (4) a Risk-free Interest Rate based upon the market yields of US Treasury obligations with maturities corresponding to the average expected term of the options at the grant date.  The Company amortizes the value of options granted ratably over the vesting period and includes the amounts as compensation in general and administrative expenses. 
  
   -  13  - 

     Table of Contents  
    
  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) 

The Company has a stock plan, which was originally approved in 2004, amended in 2008 and 2013 and which expires in 2023, for the purpose of attracting and retaining executive officers, directors and other key personnel (the  Stock Plan ). Pursuant to the Stock Plan, the Compensation Committee established a Deferred Compensation Plan for Directors for the benefit of its directors and their beneficiaries, which replaced a previous Deferred Compensation and Stock Plan for Directors. A director may make an annual election to defer all or part of his or her director s fees and has the option to have the fees paid in cash, in shares of common stock or in a combination of cash and shares of common stock upon separation from the Board.  If the director elects to have fees paid in stock, fees earned during a calendar quarter are aggregated and divided by the closing market price of the Company s common stock on the first trading day of the following quarter to determine the number of shares to be credited to the director.  As of   September 30, 2016  , the director's deferred fee accounts comprise   244,415   shares. 
  The Compensation Committee has also approved an annual award of shares of the Company s common stock as additional compensation to each director serving on the Board of Directors as of the record date for the Annual Meeting of Stockholders. The shares are awarded as of each Annual Meeting of Stockholders, and their issuance may not be deferred. 
  Noncontrolling Interests 
  Saul Centers is the sole general partner of the Operating Partnership, owning a   74.3%   common interest as of   September 30, 2016  .  Noncontrolling interests in the Operating Partnership is comprised of limited partnership units owned by the Saul Organization. Noncontrolling interests reflected on the accompanying consolidated balance sheets is increased for earnings allocated to limited partnership interests and distributions reinvested in additional units, and is decreased for limited partner distributions. Noncontrolling interests reflected on the consolidated statements of operations represents earnings allocated to limited partnership interests. 
  Per Share Data 
  Per share data for net income (basic and diluted) is computed using weighted average shares of common stock. Convertible limited partnership units and employee stock options are the Company s potentially dilutive securities. For all periods presented, the convertible limited partnership units are non-dilutive. The following table sets forth, for the indicated periods, weighted averages of the number of common shares outstanding, basic and dilutive, the effect of dilutive options and the number of options which are not dilutive because the average price of the Company's common stock was less than the exercise prices. The treasury stock method was used to measure the effect of the dilution.  

Recently Issued Accounting Standards 
  In May 2014, the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-09 and in April 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-10, both of which are titled,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers  (collectively  ASU 2014-09 ).  ASU 2014-09 will replace most existing revenue recognition guidance and will require an entity to recognize the amount of revenue to which it expects to be entitled for the transfer of promised goods or services to customers.  ASU 2014-09 is effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2017, and interim periods within those years. Early adoption is permitted but not before annual periods beginning after December 15, 2016.  ASU 2014-09 must be applied retrospectively by either restating prior periods or by recognizing the cumulative effect as of the first date of application.  We have not yet selected a transition method and are evaluating the impact that ASU 2014-09 will have on our consolidated financial statements and related disclosures. 
  In February 2015, the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-02,  Consolidation  ("ASU 2015-02").  ASU 2015-02 modifies existing consolidation guidance for reporting organizations that are required to evaluate whether they should consolidate certain legal entities.  All legal entities are subject to reevaluation under the revised consolidation model.  ASU 2015-02 is effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2015, and interim periods within those years.  The adoption of ASU 2015-02  
  
   -  14  - 

     Table of Contents  
    
  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) 

effective January 1, 2016, resulted in the Operating Partnership being classified as a variable interest entity.  Because the Operating Partnership was already consolidated into the financial statements, adoption had no impact on the Company s consolidated financial statements or disclosures. 
  In April 2015, the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-03,  Interest - Imputation of Interest  ( ASU 2015-03 ).  ASU 2015-03 simplifies the presentation of debt issuance costs and will require an entity to deduct transaction costs from the carrying value of the related financial liability and not record those transaction costs as a separate asset.  Recognition and measurement guidance for debt issuance costs are not affected by ASU 2015-03.  ASU 2015-03 is effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2015, and interim periods within those years, and must be applied retrospectively by adjusting the balance sheet of each individual period presented.  The Company retrospectively adopted ASU 2015-03 effective January 1, 2016.  As a result of the adoption of ASU 2015-03, the Company no longer reports its net deferred debt costs as an asset and instead reports those amounts as reduction of the carrying value of the associated debt. 
  In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-02,   Leases   ( ASU 2016-02 ).  ASU 2016-02 amends the existing accounting standards for lease accounting, including requiring lessees to recognize most leases on their balance sheets and making targeted changes to lessor accounting.  ASU 2016-02 is effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2018, interim periods within those years, and requires a modified retrospective transition approach for all leases existing at the date of initial application, with an option to use certain practical expedients for those existing leases.  We are evaluating the impact that ASU 2016-02 will have on our consolidated financial statements and related disclosures. 
  In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-09, "Compensation-Stock Compensation" ("ASU 2016-09").  ASU 2016-09 simplifies the accounting for several aspects of share-based payments including the income tax consequences, classification of awards as either equity or liabilities and classification on the statement of cash flows.  ASU 2016-09 is effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2016 and interim periods within those years.  The transition method varies based on the specific amendment.  We are evaluating the impact that ASU 2016-09 will have on our consolidated financial statements and related disclosures. 
  In June 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-13, "Financial Instruments-Credit Losses" ("ASU 2016-13").  ASU 2016-13 replaces the incurred loss impairment methodology with a methodology that reflects expected credit losses and requires consideration of a broader range of information to support credit loss estimates.  ASU 2016-13 is effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2019, including interim periods within those years.  We are evaluating the impact that  
  ASU 2016-13 will have on our consolidated financial statements and related disclosures. 
  Reclassifications 
  Certain reclassifications have been made to the prior year financial statements to conform to the presentation used for the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016  . 

3. 
    Real Estate Acquired and Sold 
     700 and 726 N. Glebe Road 
  In September 2015, the Company purchased for   $4.0 million  ,   726 N. Glebe Road   and incurred acquisition costs of   $56,700  .  In   August 2016  , the Company purchased for   $7.2 million  , including acquisition costs,   700 N. Glebe Road  .  The properties are contiguous with two other properties owned by the Company and are located in Arlington, Virginia. 
  Westview Pad    
  In   February 2015  , the Company purchased for   $0.9 million  , including acquisition costs, a   1.1   acre retail pad site in   Frederick, Maryland  , which is contiguous with and an expansion of the Company's other Westview asset. 
  Thruway Pad 
  In   August 2016  , the Company purchased for   $3.1 million  , a retail pad site with an occupied bank building in  
  Winston Salem, North Carolina  , and incurred acquisition costs of   $57,000  .  The property is contiguous with and an expansion of the Company's Thruway asset. 
  Allocation of Purchase Price of Real Estate Acquired 
  The Company allocates the purchase price of real estate investment properties to various components, such as land, buildings and intangibles related to in-place leases and customer relationships, based on their fair values.  See Note 2.  Summary of Significant Accounting Policies-Real Estate Investment Properties. 
  
   -  15  - 

     Table of Contents  
    
  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) 

During 2016, the Company purchased   two   properties at a cost of   $10.3 million   and incurred acquisition costs of   $57,000  .  Of the total purchase price,   $9.4 million   was allocated to land,   $0.9 million   was allocated to building,   $0.1 million   was allocated to in-place lease and   ($0.1) million   was allocated to below market rent. 

4. 
    Noncontrolling Interests - Holders of Convertible Limited Partnership Units in the Operating Partnership 
     As of   September 30, 2016  , the Saul Organization holds a   25.7%   limited partnership interest in the Operating Partnership represented by approximately   7.4 million   convertible limited partnership units.  These units are convertible into shares of Saul Centers  common stock, at the option of the unit holder, on a   one  -for-one basis provided that, in accordance with the Saul Centers, Inc. Articles of Incorporation, the rights may not be exercised at any time that the Saul Organization beneficially owns, directly or indirectly, in the aggregate more than   39.9%   of the value of the outstanding common stock and preferred stock of Saul Centers (the  Equity Securities ).  As of   September 30, 2016  , approximately   575,000   units were convertible into shares of Saul Centers common stock. 
  The impact of the Saul Organization s approximately   25.7%   limited partnership interest in the Operating Partnership is reflected as Noncontrolling Interests in the accompanying consolidated financial statements.  Fully converted partnership units and diluted weighted average common stock outstanding for the   three months ended     September 30, 2016   and   2015  , were approximately   29.2 million   and   28.5 million  , respectively, and for the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016   and   2015  , were approximately   28.9 million   and   28.4 million  , respectively. 

5. 
    Notes Payable, Revolving Credit Facility, Interest and Amortization of Deferred Debt Costs 
     The principal amount of the Company s outstanding debt totaled approximately   $875.0 million   at   September 30, 2016  , of which approximately   $837.4 million   was fixed-rate debt and approximately   $37.6 million   was variable rate debt, including  
  $23.0 million   outstanding on the Company's unsecured revolving credit facility.  The carrying value of the properties collateralizing the notes payable totaled approximately   $845.9 million   as of   September 30, 2016  . 
  At   September 30, 2016  , the Company had a   $275.0 million   unsecured revolving credit facility, which can be used for working capital, property acquisitions, development projects or letters of credit.  The revolving credit facility matures on   June 23, 2018  , and may be extended by the Company for   one   additional year subject to the Company s satisfaction of certain conditions. Saul Centers and certain consolidated subsidiaries of the Operating Partnership have guaranteed the payment obligations of the Operating Partnership under the revolving credit facility.  Letters of credit may be issued under the revolving credit facility.  On   September 30, 2016  , based on the value of the Company s unencumbered properties, approximately   $251.6 million   was available under the line,   $23.0 million   was outstanding and approximately   $448,000   was committed for letters of credit. The interest rate under the facility is variable and equals the sum of   one-month LIBOR   and a margin that is based on the Company s leverage ratio, and which can range from   145   basis points to   200   basis points.  As of  
  September 30, 2016  , the margin was   145   basis points. 
  At   September 30, 2016  , the Company had a   $71.6 million   construction-to-permanent loan, with   $68.3 million   outstanding, which is secured by and used to partially finance the construction of Park Van Ness.  
  Saul Centers is a guarantor of the revolving credit facility, of which the Operating Partnership is the borrower.  The Operating Partnership is the guarantor of (a) a portion of the Metro Pike Center bank loan (approximately   $7.8 million   of the   $14.6 million   outstanding at   September 30, 2016  ) and (b) the   $71.6 million   Park Van Ness construction-to-permanent loan, which guarantee will be reduced and eventually eliminated subject to the achievement of certain leasing and cash flow levels.  The fixed-rate notes payable are all non-recourse. 
  At   December 31, 2015  , the principal amount of the Company s outstanding debt totaled approximately   $875.2 million  , of which   $832.4 million   was fixed rate debt and   $42.8 million   was variable rate debt, including   $28.0 million   outstanding on the Company s unsecured revolving credit facility.  The carrying value of the properties collateralizing the notes payable totaled   $856.8 million   as of   December 31, 2015  . 
  
   -  16  - 

     Table of Contents  
    
  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) 

At   September 30, 2016  , the scheduled maturities of debt, including scheduled principal amortization, for years ending December 31, were as follows: 

(a) Includes   $23.0 million   outstanding under the line of credit. 
  Interest expense and amortization of deferred debt costs for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , were as follows: 

6. 
    Stockholders  Equity and Noncontrolling Interests 
     The consolidated statements of operations for the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016   and   2015  , reflect noncontrolling interests of   $8.5 million   and   $7.6 million  , respectively, representing the Saul Organization s share of net income for each period. 
  The Company has outstanding   7.2 million   depositary shares, each representing   1/100th   of a share of   6.875%   Series C Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock.  The depositary shares may be redeemed on or after   February 12, 2018   at the Company s option, in whole or in part, at the   $25.00   liquidation preference plus accrued but unpaid dividends.  The depositary shares pay an annual dividend of   $1.71875   per share, equivalent to   6.875%   of the   $25.00   liquidation preference. The Series C preferred stock has no stated maturity, is not subject to any sinking fund or mandatory redemption and is not convertible into any other securities of the Company except in connection with certain changes of control or delisting events. Investors in the depositary shares generally have no voting rights, but will have limited voting rights if the Company fails to pay dividends for   six or more quarters   (whether or not declared or consecutive) and in certain other events. 

7.  
    Related Party Transactions 
     The Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, the President, the Executive Vice President-Chief Legal and Administrative Officer and the Senior Vice President-Chief Accounting Officer of the Company are also officers of various members of the Saul Organization and their management time is shared with the Saul Organization.  Their annual compensation is fixed by the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors, with the exception of the Senior Vice President-Chief Accounting Officer whose share of annual compensation allocated to the Company is determined by the shared services agreement (described below). 
  The Company participates in a multiemployer 401K plan with entities in the Saul Organization which covers those full-time employees who meet the requirements as specified in the plan.  Company contributions, which are included in general and  
  
   -  17  - 

     Table of Contents  
    
  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) 

administrative expense or property operating expenses in the consolidated statements of operations, at the discretionary amount of up to   six   percent of the employee s cash compensation, subject to certain limits, were   $255,000   and   $312,400   for the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively.  All amounts contributed by employees and the Company are fully vested. 
  The Company also participates in a multiemployer nonqualified deferred compensation plan with entities in the Saul Organization which covers those full-time employees who meet the requirements as specified in the plan.  According to the plan, which can be modified or discontinued at any time, participating employees defer   2%   of their compensation in excess of a specified amount.  For the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016   and   2015  , the Company contributed   $129,000   and   $103,300  , respectively, which is the sum of accrued earnings and   three   times the amount deferred by employees and is included in general and administrative expense.  All amounts contributed by employees and the Company are fully vested.  The cumulative unfunded liability under this plan was   $2.0 million   and   $1.8 million  , at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively, and is included in accounts payable, accrued expenses and other liabilities in the consolidated balance sheets. 
  The Company has entered into a shared services agreement (the  Agreement ) with the Saul Organization that provides for the sharing of certain personnel and ancillary functions such as computer hardware, software, and support services and certain direct and indirect administrative personnel.  The method for determining the cost of the shared services is provided for in the Agreement and is based upon head count, estimates of usage or estimates of time incurred, as applicable. The terms of the Agreement and the payments made thereunder are deemed reasonable by management and are reviewed annually by the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors, which consists entirely of independent directors.  Billings by the Saul Organization for the Company s share of these ancillary costs and expenses for the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016   and   2015  , which included rental expense for the Company s headquarters lease, totaled approximately   $5.5 million   and   $5.9 million  , respectively. The amounts are generally expensed as incurred and are primarily reported as general and administrative expenses in the consolidated financial statements.  As of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , accounts payable, accrued expenses and other liabilities included approximately   $682,400   and   $655,000  , respectively, representing amounts due to the Saul Organization for the Company s share of these ancillary costs and expenses. 
  The Company has entered into a shared third-party predevelopment cost agreement with the B. F. Saul Real Estate Investment Trust (the "Trust"), a member of the Saul Organization (the  Predevelopment Agreement ).  The Predevelopment Agreement, which expired on December 31, 2015, and was extended to December 31, 2016, relates to the sharing of third-party predevelopment costs incurred in connection with the planning of the future redevelopment of certain adjacent real estate assets in the Twinbrook area of Rockville, Maryland.  The costs will be billed by the third-parties on a pro rata basis based on the acreage owned by each entity and neither party is obligated to advance funds to the other. 
  In August 2016, the Company entered into an agreement to acquire from the Trust, for an initial purchase price of $  8.8 million  , land in Loudoun County, Virginia, which is zoned for retail development.  The parties have agreed to a closing date in early 2018, at which time the Company will exchange limited partnership units for the land.  The Company intends to construct a shopping center and, subsequent to stabilization, may be obligated to issue additional limited partnership units to the Trust. 
  The Company subleases its corporate headquarters space from a member of the Saul Organization.  The lease commenced in March 2002, was extended in 2012 for   five years  , and provides for base rent increases of   3%   per year, with payment of a pro-rata share of operating expenses over a base year amount.  The Agreement requires each party to pay an allocation of total rental payments based on a percentage proportionate to the number of employees employed by each party.  The Company s rent expense for its headquarters location was   $617,100   and   $684,800   for the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively, and is included in general and administrative expense. 
  The B. F. Saul Insurance Agency of Maryland, Inc., a subsidiary of the B. F. Saul Company and a member of the Saul Organization, is a general insurance agency that receives commissions and fees in connection with the Company s insurance program.  Such commissions and fees amounted to   $279,100   and   $295,000   for the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively. 

8.  
    Stock Option Plans 
     The Company has established   two   stock incentive plans, the 1993 plan and the 2004 plan, as amended, (together, the  Plans ). Under the Plans, options were granted at an exercise price not less than the market value of the common stock on the date of grant and expire   ten years   from the date of grant. Officer options vest ratably over   four years   following the grant and are charged to expense using the straight-line method over the vesting period. Director options vest immediately and are charged to expense as of the date of grant.    
  
   -  18  - 

     Table of Contents  
    
  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) 

The following table summarizes the amount and activity of each grant with outstanding unexercised options, the total value and variables used in the computation and the amount expensed and included in general and administrative expense in the Consolidated Statements of Operations for the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016  . 
  Stock options issued 

-  19  - 

     Table of Contents  
    
  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) 

The table below summarizes the option activity for the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016  : 

The intrinsic value measures the price difference between the options  exercise price and the closing share price quoted by the New York Stock Exchange as of the date of measurement. The intrinsic value for shares exercised during the period was calculated by using the closing share price on the date of exercise.  At   September 30, 2016  , the closing share price of $  66.60   was higher than the exercise price of all outstanding options.  The weighted average remaining contractual life of the Company s outstanding and exercisable options is   7.7   years and   6.6   years, respectively. 

9.  
    Fair Value of Financial Instruments 
     The carrying values of cash and cash equivalents, accounts receivable, accounts payable and accrued expenses are reasonable estimates of their fair value.  The aggregate fair value of the notes payable with fixed-rate payment terms was determined using Level 3 data in a discounted cash flow approach, which is based upon management s estimate of borrowing rates and loan terms currently available to the Company for fixed-rate financing and, assuming long-term interest rates of approximately   3.60%   and   3.75%  , would be approximately   $886.8 million   and   $892.9 million  , respectively, compared to the principal balance of   $837.4 million   and   $832.4 million   at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively.  A change in any of the significant inputs may lead to a change in the Company s fair value measurement of its debt. 
  The Company carries its interest rate swap at fair value.  The Company has determined the majority of the inputs used to value its derivatives fall within Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy with the exception of the impact of counter-party risk, which was determined using Level 3 inputs and is not significant.  Derivative instruments are classified within Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy because their values are determined using third-party pricing models which contain inputs that are derived from observable market data.  Where possible, the values produced by the pricing models are verified by market prices.  Valuation models require a variety of inputs, including contractual terms, market prices, yield curves, credit spreads, measure of volatility, and correlations of such inputs.  The swap agreement terminates on   July 1, 2020  .  As of   September 30, 2016  , the fair value of the interest-rate swap was approximately   $3.2 million   and is included in  Accounts payable, accrued expenses and other liabilities  in the consolidated balance sheets. The decrease in value from inception of the swap is reflected in  Other Comprehensive Income  in the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income.  Amounts recognized in earnings are included in Changes in Fair Value of Derivatives in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. 

10. 
    Commitments and Contingencies 
     Neither the Company nor the current portfolio properties are subject to any material litigation, nor, to management s knowledge, is any material litigation currently threatened against the Company, other than routine litigation and administrative proceedings arising in the ordinary course of business.  Management believes that these items, individually or in the aggregate, will not have a material adverse impact on the Company or the current portfolio properties. 

-  20  - 

Table of Contents  
    
  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) 

The Company has   two   reportable business segments: Shopping Centers and Mixed-Use Properties.  The accounting policies of the segments are the same as those described in the summary of significant accounting policies (see Note 2).  The Company evaluates performance based upon income and cash flows from real estate of the combined properties in each segment.  All of our properties within each segment generate similar types of revenues and expenses related to tenant rent, reimbursements and operating expenses.  Although services are provided to a range of tenants, the types of services provided to them are similar within each segment.  The properties in each portfolio have similar economic characteristics and the nature of the products and services provided to our tenants and the method to distribute such services are consistent throughout the portfolio. Certain reclassifications have been made to prior year information to conform to the   2016   presentation. 
  
   -  21  - 

     Table of Contents  
    
  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) 

-  22  - 

     Table of Contents  
    
  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) 

-  23  - 

Table of Contents  
    
  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) 

12. Subsequent Events 
  The Company has reviewed operating activities for the period subsequent to   September 30, 2016  , and prior to the date the financial statements are issued or are available to be issued, and determined the following subsequent event is required to be disclosed. 
  Burtonsville Town Square 
  The Company recently entered into an agreement to purchase for $  75 million  , plus approximately $  1.3 million   of acquisition costs, Burtonsville Town Square located in Burtonsville, Montgomery County, Maryland and has an earnest money deposit of $  5 million   at risk.  Approximately $  40 million   of the purchase price will be funded through a new mortgage loan and the remainder will be funded through the Company s revolving credit facility.  The property is anchored by a Giant Food store and a CVS Pharmacy.  The Company anticipates closing the acquisition and the loan on or before January 31, 2017. 

-  24  - 

Table of Contents  

Item 2. 
    Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
     This section should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements of the Company and the accompanying notes in  Item 1. Financial Statements  of this report and the more detailed information contained in the Company s Form 10-K for the year ended December 31,   2015  .  Historical results and percentage relationships set forth in Item 1 and this section should not be taken as indicative of future operations of the Company.  Capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined in this section have the meanings given to them in Item 1 of this Form 10-Q. 
  Forward-Looking Statements 
  This Form 10-Q contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.  These statements are generally characterized by terms such as  believe,   expect  and  may.  
  Although the Company believes that the expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are based upon reasonable assumptions, the Company s actual results could differ materially from those given in the forward-looking statements as a result of changes in factors which include, among others, the following: 
             
    continuing risks related to the challenging domestic and global credit markets and their effect on discretionary spending; 
                
    risks that the Company s tenants will not pay rent; 
                
    risks related to the Company s reliance on shopping center  anchor  tenants and other significant tenants; 
                
    risks related to the Company s substantial relationships with members of the Saul Organization; 
                
    risks of financing, such as increases in interest rates, restrictions imposed by the Company s debt, the Company s ability to meet existing financial covenants and the Company s ability to consummate planned and additional financings on acceptable terms; 
                
    risks related to the Company s development activities; 
                
    risks that the Company s growth will be limited if the Company cannot obtain additional capital; 
                
    risks that planned and additional acquisitions or redevelopments may not be consummated, or if they are consummated, that they will not perform as expected; 
                
    risks generally incident to the ownership of real property, including adverse changes in economic conditions, changes in the investment climate for real estate, changes in real estate taxes and other operating expenses, adverse changes in governmental rules and fiscal policies, the relative illiquidity of real estate and environmental risks; 
                
    risks related to the Company s status as a REIT for federal income tax purposes, such as the existence of complex regulations relating to the Company s status as a REIT, the effect of future changes in REIT requirements as a result of new legislation and the adverse consequences of the failure to qualify as a REIT; and 
      General 
  The following discussion is based primarily on the consolidated financial statements of the Company as of and for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  .  
  Overview 
  The Company s principal business activity is the ownership, management and development of income-producing properties.  The Company s long-term objectives are to increase cash flow from operations and to maximize capital appreciation of its real estate investments. 
  The Company s primary operating strategy is to focus on its community and neighborhood shopping center business and to operate its properties to achieve both cash flow growth and capital appreciation.  Management believes there is potential for long-term growth in cash flow as existing leases for space in the Shopping Centers and Mixed-Use properties expire and are renewed, or newly-available or vacant space is leased.  The Company intends to renegotiate leases where possible and seek new tenants for available space in order to optimize the mix of uses to improve foot traffic through the Shopping Centers.  As leases expire, management expects to revise rental rates, lease terms and conditions, relocate existing tenants, reconfigure tenant spaces and introduce new tenants with the goals of increasing occupancy, improving overall retail sales, and ultimately increasing cash flow as economic conditions improve. In those circumstances in which leases are not otherwise expiring, or in  
  
   -  25  - 

     Table of Contents  

connection with renovations or relocations, management selectively attempts to increase cash flow through a variety of means, including recapturing leases with below market rents and re-leasing at market rates, as well as replacing financially troubled tenants.  When possible, management also will seek to include scheduled increases in base rent, as well as percentage rental provisions, in its leases. 
  The following table sets forth average annualized base rent per square foot and average annualized effective rent per square foot for the Company's Commercial properties (all properties except for the Clarendon Center and Park Van Ness apartments).  For purposes of this table, annualized effective rent is annualized base rent minus amortized tenant improvements and amortized leasing commissions. 

The Company s redevelopment and renovation objective is to selectively and opportunistically redevelop and renovate its properties, by replacing leases that have below market rents with strong, traffic-generating anchor stores such as supermarkets and drug stores, as well as other desirable local, regional and national tenants. The Company s strategy remains focused on continuing the operating performance and internal growth of its existing Shopping Centers, while enhancing this growth with selective retail redevelopments and renovations. 
  The Company recently completed development of Park Van Ness, a   271  -unit residential project with approximately   9,000   square feet of street-level retail, below street-level structured parking, and amenities including a community room, landscaped courtyards, a fitness room, a wi-fi lounge/business center, and a rooftop pool and deck.  The structure comprises 11 levels, five of which on the east side are below street level.  Because of the change in grade from the street eastward to Rock Creek Park, apartments on all 11 levels have park or city views.  The street level retail space is 100% leased to a grocery/gourmet food market and an upscale Italian restaurant.  As of October 31, 2016, leases have been executed for 185 apartments (68.3%) and 165 apartments were occupied.  The total cost of the project, excluding predevelopment expense and land, which the Company has owned, is expected to be approximately   $93.0 million  , a portion of which is financed with a   $71.6 million   construction-to-permanent loan. Costs incurred through   September 30, 2016  , total approximately   $90.1 million  , of which   $68.3 million   has been financed by the loan. 
  In January 2016, the Company terminated a 16,500 square foot lease at 11503 Rockville Pike and received a $3.0 million lease termination fee which was recognized as revenue in the first quarter.  The space was previously occupied by an office supply store that had vacated in mid 2014 and the lease was scheduled to expire in 2019.  The termination fee revenue will be partially offset by the loss of approximately $1.0 million in rental revenue over the remainder of 2016.  The Company has executed a lease with a replacement tenant, with occupancy and rent commencement projected to be spring 2017.  While the Company continues to plan for a mixed-use development at this site and its neighboring Metro Pike Center, the initial phases of this development are expected to be on the west side of Rockville Pike at Metro Pike Center.  The Company has not committed to any timetable for commencement of construction. 
  Albertson's/Safeway, a tenant at nine of the Company's shopping centers, closed two Safeway stores located at the Company's properties during the June quarter.  The stores that closed were located in Broadlands Village, Loudoun County, Virginia and Briggs Chaney Plaza, Montgomery County, Maryland.  The leases at these locations remain in full force and effect.  The Company is in discussions with Albertson's/Safeway and other retailers as it pursues options for the future. 
  In August 2016, the Company purchased for   $7.2 million  , including acquisition costs,   700 N. Glebe Road  .  Together with the adjacent 726, 730 and 750 N. Glebe Road previously acquired by the Company, the properties comprise 2.8 acres of land.  Effective August 1, 2016, the Company's properties at Glebe Road were vacant and removed from service.  The Company previously received zoning and site plan approval from Arlington County, Virginia for the development of approximately 490 residential units and   62,000   square feet of retail space.  Utilities are being disconnected, plans and specifications are in process, interest, real estate taxes and other costs related to development are being capitalized and the asset was reclassified to construction in progress in the Consolidated Balance Sheets.  The timing of demolition of the existing structures and commencement of construction is uncertain and dependent on the issuance of various governmental approvals and permits. 
  The Company's tenants were impacted by winter weather during the first quarters of 2016 and 2015, as heavy snowfall in the Mid-Atlantic states during those periods hindered the ability of customers to shop.  The cost of removing snow from the  
  
   -  26  - 

     Table of Contents  

Company's properties during the three months ended March 31, 2016 and 2015, was approximately $2.3 million and $1.6 million, respectively, approximately 60% of which will be or has been billed to tenants. 
  During the most recent downturn in the national real estate market, which began in 2008, the effects on the office and retail markets in the metropolitan Washington, D.C. area initially were less severe than in many other areas of the country.  Even though economic conditions in the local economies, where the majority of the Company s properties are located, have improved over recent years, issues facing the Federal government relating to spending cuts and budget policies have resulted in continued elevated vacancy rates in many sub-markets, thus pressuring  rental rate growth.  While overall consumer confidence appears to have improved, retailers continue to be cautious about new store openings.  The Company s overall leasing percentage, on a comparative same property basis, which excludes the impact of properties not in operation for the entirety of the comparable periods, was   94.7%   at   September 30, 2016  , compared to   94.8%   at   September 30, 2015  . 
  The Company maintains a ratio of total debt to total asset value of under   50%  , which allows the Company to obtain additional secured borrowings if necessary.  As of   September 30, 2016  , amortizing fixed-rate debt with staggered maturities from   2018   to   2034   represented approximately   95.7%   of the Company s notes payable, thus minimizing refinancing risk in any given year.  As of   September 30, 2016  , the Company s variable-rate debt consisted of a   $14.6 million   bank term loan secured by Metro Pike Center and   $23.0 million   outstanding under the revolving credit facility.  As of   September 30, 2016  , the Company has availability of approximately   $251.6 million   under its   $275.0 million   unsecured revolving line of credit.  
  Although it is management s present intention to concentrate future acquisition and development activities on community and neighborhood shopping centers and Mixed-Use Properties in the Washington, DC/Baltimore metropolitan area and the southeastern region of the United States, the Company may, in the future, also acquire other types of real estate in other areas of the country as opportunities present themselves. While the Company may diversify in terms of property locations, size and market, the Company does not set any limit on the amount or percentage of Company assets that may be invested in any   one property   or any   one geographic area  . 
   
  Critical Accounting Policies 
  The Company s financial statements are prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States ( GAAP ), which requires management to make certain estimates and assumptions that affect the reporting of financial position and results of operations. If judgment or interpretation of the facts and circumstances relating to various transactions had been different, it is possible that different accounting policies would have been applied resulting in a different presentation of the financial statements. The Company has identified the following policies that, due to estimates and assumptions inherent in these policies, involve a relatively high degree of judgment and complexity. 
  Real Estate Investments 
  Real estate investment properties are stated at historic cost less depreciation. Although the Company intends to own its real estate investment properties over a long term, from time to time it will evaluate its market position, market conditions, and other factors and may elect to sell properties that do not conform to the Company s investment profile. Management believes that the Company s real estate assets have generally appreciated in value since their acquisition or development and, accordingly, the aggregate current value exceeds their aggregate net book value and also exceeds the value of the Company s liabilities as reported in the financial statements. Because the financial statements are prepared in conformity with GAAP, they do not report the current value of the Company s real estate investment properties. 
  The Company purchases real estate investment properties from time to time and records assets acquired and liabilities assumed, including land, buildings, and intangibles related to in-place leases and customer relationships, based on their fair values. The fair value of buildings generally is determined as if the buildings were vacant upon acquisition and subsequently leased at market rental rates and considers the present value of all cash flows expected to be generated by the property including an initial lease up period. The Company determines the fair value of above and below market intangibles associated with in-place leases by assessing the net effective rent and remaining term of the in-place lease relative to market terms for similar leases at acquisition taking into consideration the remaining contractual lease period, renewal periods, and the likelihood of the tenant exercising its renewal options. The fair value of below market lease intangibles is recorded as deferred income and accreted as additional lease revenue over the remaining contractual lease period and any renewal option periods included in the valuation analysis. The fair value of above market lease intangibles is recorded as a deferred asset and amortized as a reduction of revenue over the remaining contractual lease term. The Company determines the fair value of at-market in-place leases considering the cost of acquiring similar leases, the foregone rents associated with the lease-up period and carrying costs associated with the lease-up period. Intangible assets associated with at-market in-place leases are amortized as additional expense over the remaining contractual lease term. To the extent customer relationship intangibles are present in an acquisition, the fair value of the intangibles are amortized over the life of the customer relationship. 
  
   -  27  - 

     Table of Contents  

If there is an event or change in circumstance that indicates a potential impairment in the value of a real estate investment property, the Company prepares an analysis to determine whether the carrying value of the real estate investment property exceeds its estimated fair value. The Company considers both quantitative and qualitative factors including recurring operating losses, significant decreases in occupancy, and significant adverse changes in legal factors and business climate. If impairment indicators are present, the Company compares the projected cash flows of the property over its remaining useful life, on an undiscounted basis, to the carrying value of that property. The Company assesses its undiscounted projected cash flows based upon estimated capitalization rates, historic operating results and market conditions that may affect the property. If the carrying value is greater than the undiscounted projected cash flows, the Company would recognize an impairment loss equivalent to an amount required to adjust the carrying amount to its then estimated fair value. The fair value of any property is sensitive to the actual results of any of the aforementioned estimated factors, either individually or taken as a whole. Should the actual results differ from management s projections, the valuation could be negatively or positively affected. 
  When incurred, the Company capitalizes the cost of improvements that extend the useful life of property and equipment. All repair and maintenance expenditures are expensed when incurred. Leasehold improvements expenditures are capitalized when certain criteria are met, including when we supervise construction and will own the improvement. Tenant improvements that we own are depreciated over the life of the respective lease or the estimated useful life of the improvements, whichever is shorter. 
  Interest, real estate taxes, development-related salary costs and other carrying costs are capitalized on projects under construction. Upon substantial completion of construction and the placement of assets into service, rental income, direct operating expenses, and depreciation associated with such properties are included in current operations and capitalization of interest ceases. Commercial development projects are substantially complete and available for occupancy upon completion of tenant improvements, but no later than one year from the cessation of major construction activity. Residential development projects are considered substantially complete and available for occupancy upon receipt of the certificate of occupancy from the appropriate licensing authority. Substantially completed portions of a project are accounted for as separate projects. Depreciation is calculated using the straight-line method and estimated useful lives generally between   35 and 50 years   for base buildings, or a shorter period if management determines that the building has a shorter useful life, and up to   20 years   for certain other improvements. 
  Deferred Leasing Costs 
  Certain initial direct costs incurred by the Company in negotiating and consummating successful Commercial leases are capitalized and amortized over the initial base term of the leases. Deferred leasing costs consist of commissions paid to third-party leasing agents as well as internal direct costs such as employee compensation and payroll-related fringe benefits directly related to time spent performing successful leasing-related activities. Such activities include evaluating prospective tenants  financial condition, evaluating and recording guarantees, collateral and other security arrangements, negotiating lease terms, preparing lease documents and closing transactions. In addition, deferred leasing costs include amounts attributed to in-place leases associated with acquired properties. 
  Revenue Recognition 
  Rental and interest income is accrued as earned except when doubt exists as to collectability, in which case the accrual is discontinued. Recognition of rental income commences when control of the space has been given to the tenant. When rental payments due under leases vary from a straight-line basis because of free rent periods or scheduled rent increases, income is recognized on a straight-line basis.  Expense recoveries represent a portion of property operating expenses billed to tenants, including common area maintenance, real estate taxes and other recoverable costs. Expense recoveries are recognized in the period in which the expenses are incurred. Rental income based on a tenant s revenue, known as percentage rent, is recognized when a tenant reports sales that exceed a breakpoint specified in the lease agreement. 
  Allowance for Doubtful Accounts - Current and Deferred Receivables 
  Accounts receivable primarily represent amounts accrued and unpaid from tenants in accordance with the terms of the respective leases, subject to the Company s revenue recognition policy. Receivables are reviewed monthly and reserves are established with a charge to current period operations when, in the opinion of management, collection of the receivable is doubtful. In addition to rents due currently, accounts receivable include amounts representing minimum rental income accrued on a straight-line basis to be paid by tenants over the remaining term of their respective leases. Reserves are established with a charge to income for tenants whose rent payment history or financial condition casts doubt upon the tenant s ability to perform under its lease obligations. 
  
   -  28  - 

     Table of Contents  

Legal Contingencies 
  The Company is subject to various legal proceedings and claims that arise in the ordinary course of business, which are generally covered by insurance. While the resolution of these matters cannot be predicted with certainty, the Company believes the final outcome of current matters will not have a material adverse effect on its financial position or the results of operations. Once it has been determined that a loss is probable to occur, the estimated amount of the loss is recorded in the financial statements. Both the amount of the loss and the point at which its occurrence is considered probable can be difficult to determine. 

Results of Operations 
    
  Same property revenue and same property operating income are non-GAAP financial measures of performance and improve the comparability of these measures by excluding the results of properties which were not in operation for the entirety of the comparable reporting periods. 
  We define same property revenue as total revenue minus the sum of interest income and revenue of properties not in operation for the entirety of the comparable reporting periods, and we define same property operating income as net income plus the sum of interest expense and amortization of deferred debt costs, depreciation and amortization, general and administrative expense, loss on the early extinguishment of debt (if any), predevelopment expense and acquisition related costs, minus the sum of interest income, the change in the fair value of derivatives, gains on property dispositions (if any) and the results of properties which were not in operation for the entirety of the comparable periods. 
  Other REITs may use different methodologies for calculating same property revenue and same property operating income. Accordingly, our same property revenue and same property operating income may not be comparable to those of other REITs. 
  Same property revenue and same property operating income are used by management to evaluate and compare the operating performance of our properties, and to determine trends in earnings, because these measures are not affected by the cost of our funding, the impact of depreciation and amortization expenses, gains or losses from the acquisition and sale of operating real estate assets, general and administrative expenses or other gains and losses that relate to ownership of our properties. We believe the exclusion of these items from revenue and operating income is useful because the resulting measures capture the actual revenue generated and actual expenses incurred by operating our properties. 
  Same property revenue and same property operating income are measures of the operating performance of our properties but do not measure our performance as a whole. Such measures are therefore not substitutes for total revenue, net income or operating income as computed in accordance with GAAP. 
  The tables below provide reconciliations of total revenue and operating income under GAAP to same property revenue and operating income for the indicated periods.  The same property results include   49   Shopping Centers and   six   Mixed-Use properties, one of which is held for sale, for each period. 
   
  Same property revenue 

The   $0.2 million   increase in same property revenue for the   2016   quarter compared to the   2015   quarter was primarily due to (a) a   $0.05   per square foot increase in base rent (  $0.1 million  ) and (b) an increase in expense recoveries ($0.4 million) partially offset by (c) lower other income ($0.2 million) and (d) lower percentage rent ($0.1 million). 

-  29  - 

     Table of Contents  

The   $6.0 million   increase in same property revenue for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   compared to the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   is due primarily to (a) the net impact of a lease termination at 11503 Rockville Pike ($2.2 million), (b) a   $0.35   per square foot increase in base rent (  $2.3 million  ), and (c) an increase in expense recoveries ($1.3 million). 

Same property operating income 

Same property operating income increased   $0.4 million   for the   2016   quarter compared to the   2015   quarter due primarily to (a) a   $0.05   per square foot increase in base rent (  $0.1 million  ), (b) a decrease in property operating expenses ($0.2 million), and (c) an increase in expense recoveries ($0.4 million) partially offset by (d) lower other income ($0.2 million), and (e) an increase in real estate taxes ($0.2 million). 
  Same property operating income increased   $6.0 million   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   compared to the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015   due primarily to (a) the net impact of a lease termination at 11503 Rockville Pike ($2.2 million), (b) a   $0.35   per square foot increase in base rent (  $2.3 million  ), and (c) an increase in expense recoveries  
  ($1.3 million). 

Three months ended   September 30, 2016   compared to the   three months ended     September 30, 2015    
  Revenue 

Base rent includes   $221,500   and   $582,800   for the   three months ended     September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively, to recognize base rent on a straight-line basis.  In addition, base rent includes   $428,600   and   $446,000  , for the   three months ended     September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively, to recognize income from the amortization of in-place leases acquired in connection with purchased real estate investment properties. 
  
   -  30  - 

     Table of Contents  

Total revenue increased   1.6%   in the   three months ended     September 30, 2016   (   2016   Quarter ) compared to the   three months ended     September 30, 2015   (   2015   Quarter ) primarily due to base rent generated by Park Van Ness ($0.8 million). 
  Operating Expenses 

Total operating expenses increased   3.5%   in the   2016   Quarter compared to the   2015   Quarter. 
  Property Operating Expenses.    Property operating expenses increased   6.0%   in the 2016 Quarter primarily due to (a) the operation of Park Van Ness ($0.6 million) partially offset by (b) lower operating expenses throughout the portfolio ($0.2 million). 
  Provision for credit losses.    The provision for credit losses for the   2016   Quarter represents   0.73%   of the Company s revenue, a decrease from   1.19%   for the   2015   Quarter. 
  Real Estate taxes.    Real estate taxes increased 4.4% in the 2016 Quarter primarily due to increased assessed values of several properties. 
  Interest expense and amortization of deferred debt costs.    Interest expense increased   2.6%   in the 2016 Quarter primarily due to the cessation of capitalization of interest related to Park Van Ness. 
  Depreciation and amortization of deferred leasing costs.    Depreciation and amortization of deferred leasing costs increased 4.4% in the 2016 Quarter primarily due to (a) Park Van Ness ($0.7 million) partially offset by (b) lower expense at Germantown ($0.4 million). 
  General and administrative expense.    General and administrative expense increased   6.1%   in the 2016 Quarter primarily due to increased salary and benefit expense ($0.2 million). 
   
  Nine months ended     September 30, 2016   compared to the   nine months ended     September 30, 2015    
  Revenue    

Base rent includes   $1.1 million   and   $1.6 million   for the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively, to recognize base rent on a straight-line basis. In addition, base rent includes   $1.3 million   and   $1.3 million   for the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively, to recognize income from the amortization of in-place leases acquired in connection with purchased real estate investment properties. 
  
   -  31  - 

     Table of Contents  

Total revenue increased   4.3%   in the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016   (   2016   Period ) compared to the   nine months ended     September 30, 2015   (   2015   Period ).  
  Base Rent.    The   $2.6 million   increase in base rent in the 2016 Period compared to 2015 Period is primarily attributable to (a) a   $0.21   per square foot increase in commercial base rent (  $1.3 million  ), (b) revenue generated by Park Van Ness ($0.9 million) and (c) a   9,913   square foot increase in commercial leased space (  $0.1 million  ).  
  Expense Recoveries.    Expense recoveries increased   5.3%   in the 2016 Period primarily due to increased snow removal costs and real estate taxes. 
  Other revenue.    Other revenue increased $3.0 million in the 2016 Period compared to the 2015 Period due to the impact of a lease termination fee at 11503 Rockville Pike ($3.0 million). 
  Operating Expenses 

Total operating expenses increased   2.7%   in the   2016   Period compared to the   2015   Period. 
  Property Operating Expenses.    Property operating expenses increased   3.1%   in the 2016 Period primarily due to (a) the operation of Park Van Ness ($1.0 million) partially offset by (b) lower operating expenses throughout the portfolio ($0.3 million). 
  Provision for credit losses.    The provision for credit losses for the   2016   Period represents   0.74%   of the Company s revenue, a decrease from   0.82%   for the   2015   Period. 
  Real Estate Taxes  .  Real estate taxes increased   3.1%   in the 2016 Period primarily due to increased assessed values of several properties. 
  Depreciation and amortization of deferred leasing costs.    The increase in depreciation and amortization to   $33.5 million   in the   2016   Period from   $32.4 million   in the   2015   Period was due primarily to Park Van Ness, which was placed in service during the 2016 Period. 
  General and administrative expense  .  The   6.7%   increase in general and administrative expense was primarily due to  
  (a) increased salary and benefit expense ($0.5 million) and (b) increased stock option expense ($0.1 million).  

-  32  - 

Table of Contents  

Liquidity and Capital Resources 
  Cash and cash equivalents totaled   $9.8 million   and   $8.9 million   at   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively. The Company s cash flow is affected by its operating, investing and financing activities, as described below. 

Operating Activities 
  Net cash provided by operating activities represents cash received primarily from rental income, plus other income, less property operating expenses, leasing costs, normal recurring general and administrative expenses and interest payments on debt outstanding. 
  Investing Activities 
  Net cash used in investing activities includes property acquisitions, developments, redevelopments, tenant improvements and other property capital expenditures.  The   $5.2 million   decrease in cash used in investing activities is primarily due to lower development expenditures (  $8.7 million  ) partially offset by higher acquisition expenditures (  $5.4 million  ). 
  Financing Activities 
  Net cash used in financing activities for the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016   primarily reflects: 
             
    repayment of notes payable totaling   $18.4 million  ; 
                
    revolving credit facility principal payments of   $37.0 million  ; 
                
    distributions to common stockholders totaling   $29.3 million  ; 
                
    distributions to holders of convertible limited partnership units in the Operating Partnership totaling   $10.1 million  ; and 
                
    distributions to preferred stockholders totaling   $9.3 million  ; 
     which was partially offset by:  
             
    advances from the revolving credit facility totaling   $32.0 million  ; 
                
    proceeds of   $5.1 million   from the issuance of limited partnership units in the Operating Partnership pursuant to our Dividend Reinvestment and Stock Purchase Plan ("DRIP");  
                
    proceeds of   $17.9 million   from the issuance of common stock pursuant to our DRIP, directors  Deferred Compensation Plan and the exercise of stock options; and 
                
    advances of   $23.1 million   from the Park Van Ness construction loan. 
     Net cash used in financing activities for the   nine months ended     September 30, 2015   primarily reflects: 
             
    revolving credit facility principal payments of   $28.0 million  ; 
                
    repayment of notes payable totaling   $47.0 million  ; 
                
    distributions to common stockholders totaling   $26.5 million  ; 
                
    distributions to holders of convertible limited partnership units in the Operating Partnership totaling   $9.1 million  ; and 
                
    distributions to preferred stockholders totaling   $9.3 million  ; 
     which was partially offset by: 
             
    proceeds of   $46.0 million   received from notes payable; 
                
    advances from the revolving credit facility totaling   $15.0 million  ; 
                
    proceeds of   $4.1 million   from the issuance of limited partnership units in the Operating Partnership pursuant to our DRIP;  
                
    proceeds of   $11.1 million   from the issuance of common stock pursuant to our DRIP, directors  Deferred Compensation Plan and the exercise of stock options; and 
                
    advances of   $26.0 million   from the Park Van Ness construction loan. 
     
   -  33  - 

     Table of Contents  

Liquidity Requirements 
  Short-term liquidity requirements consist primarily of normal recurring operating expenses and capital expenditures, debt service requirements (including debt service relating to additional and replacement debt), distributions to common and preferred stockholders, distributions to unit holders and amounts required for expansion and renovation of the Current Portfolio Properties and selective acquisition and development of additional properties. In order to qualify as a REIT for federal income tax purposes, the Company must distribute to its stockholders at least   90%   of its  real estate investment trust taxable income,  as defined in the Code.  The Company expects to meet these short-term liquidity requirements (other than amounts required for additional property acquisitions and developments) through cash provided from operations, available cash and its existing line of credit. 
  Long-term liquidity requirements consist primarily of obligations under our long-term debt and dividends paid to our preferred shareholders.  The Company anticipates that long-term liquidity requirements will also include amounts required for property acquisitions and developments.  The Company is developing Park Van Ness, a primarily residential project with street-level retail.  As of   September 30, 2016  , the estimated cost to complete the project is approximately   $2.9 million  , which will be funded by the remaining availability under the construction-to-permanent loan.  The Company may also redevelop certain of the Current Portfolio Properties and may develop additional freestanding outparcels or expansions within certain of the Shopping Centers. 
  Acquisition and development of properties are undertaken only after careful analysis and review, and management s determination that such properties are expected to provide long-term earnings and cash flow growth.  During the coming year, developments, expansions or acquisitions (if any) are expected to be funded with available cash, bank borrowings from the Company s credit line, construction and permanent financing, proceeds from the operation of the Company s dividend reinvestment plan or other external debt or equity capital resources available to the Company.  Any future borrowings may be at the Saul Centers, Operating Partnership or Subsidiary Partnership level, and securities offerings may include (subject to certain limitations) the issuance of additional limited partnership interests in the Operating Partnership which can be converted into shares of Saul Centers common stock.  The availability and terms of any such financing will depend upon market and other conditions. 
  As of   September 30, 2016  , the scheduled maturities of debt, including scheduled principal amortization, for years ending December 31, were as follows:    

(a) Includes   $23.0 million   outstanding under the line of credit. 
    
  Management believes that the Company s capital resources, which at   September 30, 2016   included cash balances of approximately   $9.8 million   and borrowing availability of approximately   $251.6 million   on its unsecured revolving credit facility, will be sufficient to meet its liquidity needs for the foreseeable future. 
  Dividend Reinvestments 
  In December 1995, the Company established a DRIP to allow its common stockholders and holders of limited partnership interests an opportunity to buy additional shares of common stock by reinvesting all or a portion of their dividends or distributions.  The DRIP provides for investing in newly issued shares of common stock at a   3%   discount from market price without payment of any brokerage commissions, service charges or other expenses.  All expenses of the DRIP are paid by the Company.  The Company issued   136,623   and   148,215   shares under the DRIP at a weighted average discounted price of   $54.58    
  
   -  34  - 

     Table of Contents  

and   $52.06   per share, during the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively.  The Company issued   93,867   and   78,101   limited partnership units under the DRIP at a weighted average price of   $54.80   and   $51.99   per unit during the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016   and 2015, respectively.  The Company also credited   5,998   and   5,682   shares to directors pursuant to the reinvestment of dividends specified by the Directors  Deferred Compensation Plan at a weighted average discounted price of   $54.82   and   $52.13   per share, during the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively. 
  Capital Strategy and Financing Activity 
  As a general policy, the Company intends to maintain a ratio of its total debt to total asset value of   50% or less   and to actively manage the Company s leverage and debt expense on an ongoing basis in order to maintain prudent coverage of fixed charges.  Asset value is the aggregate fair market value of the Current Portfolio Properties and any subsequently acquired properties as reasonably determined by management by reference to the properties  aggregate cash flow.  Given the Company s current debt level, it is management s belief that the ratio of the Company s debt to total asset value was below   50%   as of   September 30, 2016  . 
  The organizational documents of the Company do not limit the absolute amount or percentage of indebtedness that it may incur. The Board of Directors may, from time to time, reevaluate the Company s debt/capitalization strategy in light of current economic conditions, relative costs of capital, market values of the Company s property portfolio, opportunities for acquisition, development or expansion, and such other factors as the Board of Directors then deems relevant.  The Board of Directors may modify the Company s debt/capitalization policy based on such a reevaluation without shareholder approval and consequently, may increase or decrease the Company s debt to total asset ratio above or below   50%   or may waive the policy for certain periods of time. The Company selectively continues to refinance or renegotiate the terms of its outstanding debt in order to achieve longer maturities, and obtain generally more favorable loan terms, whenever management determines the financing environment is favorable. 
  The Company maintains an unsecured revolving credit facility which was amended and restated in June 2014.  The facility provides working capital and funds for acquisitions, certain developments, redevelopments and letters of credit, expires on June 23, 2018, and provides for an additional   one-year   extension at the Company s option, subject to the Company s satisfaction of certain conditions.  As of   September 30, 2016  ,   $23.0 million   was outstanding, approximately   $251.6 million   was available under the line and approximately   $448,000   was committed for letters of credit. The interest rate under the facility is variable and equals the sum of one-month LIBOR and a margin that is based on the Company s leverage ratio, and which can range from   145   basis points to   200   basis points. Based on the leverage ratio as of   September 30, 2016  , the margin was   145   basis points. 
  The facility requires the Company and its subsidiaries to maintain compliance with certain financial covenants. The material covenants require the Company, on a consolidated basis, to: 
             
    maintain tangible net worth, as defined in the loan agreement, of at least   $542.1 million   plus   80%   of the Company s net equity proceeds received after March 2014; 
                
    limit the amount of debt as a percentage of gross asset value, as defined in the loan agreement, to less than   60%   (leverage ratio); 
                
    limit the amount of debt so that interest coverage will exceed   2.0  x on a trailing   four-quarter   basis (interest expense coverage); and 
                
    limit the amount of debt so that interest, scheduled principal amortization and preferred dividend coverage exceeds   1.3  x on a trailing   four-quarter   basis (fixed charge coverage). 
     As of   September 30, 2016  , the Company was in compliance with all such covenants. 
  At   September 30, 2016  , the Company had a   $71.6 million   construction-to-permanent loan, with   $68.3 million   outstanding, which is secured by and used to partially finance the construction of Park Van Ness. 
  Saul Centers is a guarantor of the revolving credit facility, of which the Operating Partnership is the borrower. The Operating Partnership is the guarantor of (a) a portion of the Metro Pike Center bank loan (approximately   $7.8 million   of the   $14.6 million   outstanding at   September 30, 2016  ) and (b) the   $71.6 million   Park Van Ness construction-to-permanent loan, which guarantee will be reduced and eventually eliminated subject to the achievement of certain leasing and cash flow levels.  The fixed-rate notes payable are non-recourse.  
  
   -  35  - 

     Table of Contents  

Preferred Stock 
  The Company has outstanding   7.2 million   depositary shares, each representing   1/100  th of a share of   6.875%   Series C Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock. The depositary shares may be redeemed at the Company s option, in whole or in part, at the   $25.00   liquidation preference plus accrued but unpaid dividends on or after   February 12, 2018  . The depositary shares pay an annual dividend of   $1.71875   per share, equivalent to   6.875%   of the   $25.00   liquidation preference. The Series C preferred stock has no stated maturity, is not subject to any sinking fund or mandatory redemption and is not convertible into any other securities of the Company except in connection with certain changes of control or delisting events. Investors in the depositary shares generally have no voting rights, but will have limited voting rights if the Company fails to pay dividends for six or more quarters (whether or not declared or consecutive) and in certain other events. 
  Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
  The Company has no off-balance sheet arrangements that are reasonably likely to have a current or future material effect on the Company s financial condition, revenue or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources. 
  Funds From Operations 
  Funds From Operations (FFO)   1    available to common stockholders and noncontrolling interests for the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016  , totaled   $66.5 million  ,   an increase   of   7.4%   compared to the   nine months ended     September 30, 2015  . 
  The following table presents a reconciliation from net income to FFO available to common stockholders and noncontrolling interests for the periods indicated:   

            1   
    The National Association of Real Estate Investment Trusts (NAREIT) developed FFO as a relative non-GAAP financial measure of performance of an equity REIT in order to recognize that income-producing real estate historically has not depreciated on the basis determined under GAAP. FFO is defined by NAREIT as net income, computed in accordance with GAAP, plus real estate depreciation and amortization, and excluding extraordinary items, impairment charges on depreciable real estate assets and gains or losses from property dispositions. FFO does not represent cash generated from operating activities in accordance with GAAP and is not necessarily indicative of cash available to fund cash needs, which is disclosed in the Company s Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the applicable periods. There are no material legal or functional restrictions on the use of FFO. FFO should not be considered as an alternative to net income, its most directly comparable GAAP measure, as an indicator of the Company s operating performance, or as an alternative to cash flows as a measure of liquidity. Management considers FFO a meaningful supplemental measure of operating performance because it primarily excludes the assumption that the value of the real estate assets diminishes predictably over time (i.e. depreciation), which is contrary to what the Company believes occurs with its assets, and because industry analysts have accepted it as a performance measure. FFO may not be comparable to similarly titled measures employed by other REITs. 
     
   -  36  - 

     Table of Contents  

Acquisitions and Redevelopments 
  During the remainder of the year, the Company will complete final construction activities related to the development of Park Van Ness, continue its redevelopment activities at Glebe Road, may redevelop certain of the Current Portfolio Properties and may develop additional freestanding outparcels or expansions within certain of the Shopping Centers.  Acquisition and development of properties are undertaken only after careful analysis and review, and management s determination that such properties are expected to provide long-term earnings and cash flow growth.  During the balance of the year, any developments, expansions or acquisitions are expected to be funded with bank borrowings from the Company s credit line, construction financing, proceeds from the operation of the Company s dividend reinvestment plan or other external capital resources available to the Company. 
  The Company has been selectively involved in acquisition, development, redevelopment and renovation activities. It continues to evaluate the acquisition of land parcels for retail and mixed-use development and acquisitions of operating properties for opportunities to enhance operating income and cash flow growth.  The Company also continues to analyze redevelopment, renovation and expansion opportunities within the portfolio.  The following describes the acquisition, development, redevelopment and renovation activities of the Company in   2015   and the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016  . 
  Park Van Ness  
  The Company recently completed development of Park Van Ness, a   271  -unit residential project with approximately   9,000   square feet of street-level retail, below street-level structured parking, and amenities including a community room, landscaped courtyards, a fitness room, a wi-fi lounge/business center, and a rooftop pool and deck.  The structure comprises 11 levels, five of which on the east side are below street level.  Because of the change in grade from the street eastward to Rock Creek Park, apartments on all 11 levels have park or city views.  The street level retail space is 100% leased to a grocery/gourmet food market and an upscale Italian restaurant.  As of October 31, 2016, leases have been executed for 185 apartments (68.3%) and 165 apartments were occupied.  The total cost of the project, excluding predevelopment expense and land (which the Company has owned), is expected to be approximately   $93.0 million  , a portion of which is financed with a   $71.6 million   construction-to-permanent loan. Costs incurred through   September 30, 2016  , total approximately $  90.1 million  , of which   $68.3 million   has been financed by the loan. 
  700 N. Glebe Road 
  In   August 2016  , the Company purchased for   $7.2 million  , including acquisition costs,   700 N. Glebe Road  .  Together with the adjacent 726, 730 and 750 N. Glebe Road previously acquired by the Company, the properties comprise 2.8 acres of land.  Effective August 1, 2016, the Company's properties at Glebe Road were vacant and removed from service.  The Company previously received zoning and site plan approval from Arlington County, Virginia for the development of approximately 490 residential units and   62,000   square feet of retail space.  Utilities are being disconnected, plans and specifications are in process, interest, real estate taxes and other costs related to development are being capitalized and the asset was reclassified to construction in progress in the Consolidated Balance Sheets.  The timing of demolition of the existing structures and commencement of construction is uncertain and dependent on the issuance of various governmental approvals and permits. 
  Germantown Center 
  In 2014, the Company entered into a contingent ground lease with CVS and, as of June 30, 2015, all of the lease contingencies had been satisfied and lease payments commenced in November 2015.  CVS has demolished two of the four existing buildings that previously comprised the center and has constructed a 13,500 square foot pharmacy building.  CVS expects to commence operations in November 2016.  The Company incurred approximately $57,000 of predevelopment costs in the third quarter of 2015 and does not expect to incur further predevelopment costs related to the project. 
  Westview Pad 
  In   February 2015  , the Company purchased for   $0.9 million  , including acquisition costs, a   1.1   acre retail pad site in Frederick, Maryland, which is contiguous with and an expansion of the Company's other Westview asset. 
  Thruway Pad 
  In   August 2016  , the Company purchased for   $3.1 million  , a retail pad site with an occupied   4,200   square foot bank building in   Winston Salem, North Carolina  , and incurred acquisition costs of   $57,000  .  The property is contiguous with and an expansion of the Company's Thruway Shopping Center. 
  Ashbrook Marketplace 
  In August 2016, the Company entered into an agreement to acquire from B. F. Saul Real Estate Investment Trust (the  Trust ), for an initial purchase price of $8.8 million, approximately 14.3 acres of land located at the intersection of Ashburn Village Boulevard and Russell Branch Parkway in Loudoun County, Virginia.  The land is zoned for up to 115,000 square feet  
  
   -  37  - 

     Table of Contents  

of retail development.  In order to allow the Company time to pre-lease and complete project plans and specifications, the parties have agreed to a closing date in early 2018, at which time the Company will exchange limited partnership units for the land.  The number of limited partnership units to be exchanged will be based on the initial purchase price and the average share value (as defined in the agreement) of the Company s common stock at the time of the exchange.  The Company intends to construct a shopping center and, upon stabilization, may be obligated to issue additional limited partnership units to the Trust. 
  Burtonsville Town Square 
  The Company recently entered into an agreement to purchase for $75 million, plus approximately $1.3 million of acquisition costs, Burtonsville Town Square located in Burtonsville, Montgomery County, Maryland and has an earnest money deposit of $5 million at risk.  Approximately $40 million of the purchase price will be funded through a new mortgage loan and the remainder will be funded through the Company s revolving credit facility.  The property comprises approximately 121,000 square feet of retail space which is 100% leased and is anchored by a Giant Food store and a CVS Pharmacy.  The Company anticipates closing the acquisition and the loan on or before January 31, 2017. 
  Portfolio Leasing Status 
  The following chart sets forth certain information regarding Commercial leases at our properties. 

As of   September 30, 2016  ,   94.7%   of the Commercial portfolio was leased, compared to   94.8%   at   September 30, 2015  .  On a same property basis,   94.7%   of the Commercial portfolio was leased, compared to   94.8%   at   September 30, 2015  .  As of   September 30, 2016  , the Clarendon Center apartments were   96.7%   leased compared to   97.1%   at   September 30, 2015  .  As of   September 30, 2016  , the Park Van Ness apartments were   61.3%   leased. 
  The following table shows selected data for leases executed in the indicated periods. The information is based on executed leases without adjustment for the timing of occupancy, tenant defaults, or landlord concessions. The base rent for an expiring lease is the annualized contractual base rent, on a cash basis, as of the expiration date of the lease. The base rent for a new or renewed lease is the annualized contractual base rent, on a cash basis, as of the expected rent commencement date. Because tenants that execute leases may not ultimately take possession of their space or pay all of their contractual rent, the changes presented in the table provide information only about trends in market rental rates. The actual changes in rental income received by the Company may be different. 

-  38  - 

     Table of Contents  

Additional information about the   2016   leasing activity is set forth below.  The below information includes leases for space which had not been previously leased during the period of the Company's ownership, either a result of acquisition or development. 

During the   three months ended September 30, 2016  , the Company entered into   158   new or renewed apartment leases. The average monthly rent per square foot for the   86   leases for units which were previously occupied increased to   $3.64   from   $3.61  .  During the   three months ended September 30, 2015  , the Company entered into   64   new or renewed apartment leases.  The average monthly rent per square foot for these leases increased to   $3.57   from   $3.51  .  
  As of   December 31, 2015  ,   1,035,195   square feet of Commercial space was subject to leases scheduled to expire in   2016  .  Of those leases, as of   September 30, 2016  , leases representing   273,694   square feet of Commercial space have not yet renewed and are scheduled to expire over the next three months.  Below is information about existing and estimated market base rents per square foot for that space. 

Item 3.    Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
  The Company is exposed to certain financial market risks, the most predominant being fluctuations in interest rates. Interest rate fluctuations are monitored by management as an integral part of the Company s overall risk management program, which recognizes the unpredictability of financial markets and seeks to reduce the potentially adverse effect on the Company s results of operations. 
  The Company may, where appropriate, employ derivative instruments, such as interest rate swaps, to mitigate the risk of interest rate fluctuations. The Company does not enter into derivatives or other financial instruments for trading or speculative purposes. On June 29, 2010, the Company entered into an interest rate swap agreement with a   $45.6 million   notional amount to manage the interest rate risk associated with   $45.6 million   of variable-rate debt. The swap agreement was effective July 1, 2010, terminates on July 1, 2020 and effectively fixes the interest rate on the debt at   5.83%  . The fair value of the swap at   September 30, 2016   was approximately   $3.2 million   and is reflected in accounts payable, accrued expenses and other liabilities in the consolidated balance sheet. 
  The Company is exposed to interest rate fluctuations which will affect the amount of interest expense of its variable rate debt and the fair value of its fixed rate debt.  As of   September 30, 2016  , the Company had variable rate indebtedness totaling   $37.6 million  .  If the interest rates on the Company s variable rate debt instruments outstanding at   September 30, 2016   had been   one   percentage point higher, our annual interest expense relating to these debt instruments would have increased by   $375,700   based on those balances.  As of   September 30, 2016  , the Company had fixed-rate indebtedness totaling   $837.4 million   with a weighted average interest rate of   5.51%  . If interest rates on the Company s fixed-rate debt instruments at   September 30, 2016   had been   one   percentage point higher, the fair value of those debt instruments on that date would have been approximately  
  $39.6 million    less than the carrying value. 
  
   -  39  - 

Table of Contents  

Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
  The Company maintains disclosure controls and procedures that are designed to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed in the Company s reports filed under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to the Company s management, including its Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, its Senior Vice President-Chief Financial Officer, Secretary and Treasurer, and its Senior Vice President-Chief Accounting Officer as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure based closely on the definition of  disclosure controls and procedures  in Rule 13a-15(e) promulgated under the Exchange Act. In designing and evaluating the disclosure controls and procedures, management recognized that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives, and management necessarily was required to apply its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures. 
  The Company carried out an evaluation under the supervision and with the participation of the Company s management, including its Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, its Senior Vice President-Chief Financial Officer, Secretary and Treasurer, and its Senior Vice President-Chief Accounting Officer of the effectiveness of the design and operation of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures as of   September 30, 2016  . Based on the foregoing, the Company s Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, its Senior Vice President-Chief Financial Officer, Secretary and Treasurer and its Senior Vice President-Chief Accounting Officer concluded that the Company s disclosure controls and procedures were effective at the reasonable assurance level as of   September 30, 2016  . 
  During the quarter ended   September 30, 2016  , there were no changes in the Company s internal control over financial reporting that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, its internal control over financial reporting. 
  
   -  40  - 

Table of Contents  

PART II. OTHER INFORMATION 
   
           Item 1. 
    Legal Proceedings 
     None 
   
           Item 1A. 
    Risk Factors 
     The Company has no material updates to the risk factors presented in Item 1A. Risk Factors in the   2015   Annual Report of the Company on Form 10-K. 
   
           Item 2. 
    Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
     B. Francis Saul II, the Company s Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer, his spouse and entities affiliated with Mr. Saul II, through participation in the Company s Dividend Reinvestment and Stock Purchase Plan for the  
  July 29, 2016   dividend distribution acquired   22,261   shares of common stock at a price of   $65.64   per share and  
  26,897   limited partnership units at a price of   $65.64   per unit.  
   
           Item 3. 
    Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
     None 
   
           Item 4. 
    Mine Safety Disclosures 
     Not Applicable 
   
           Item 5. 
    Other Information 
     None 
  
   -  41  - 

Table of Contents  

Item 6. 
    Exhibits 
       
                       3. 
      
    (a) 
      
    First Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation of Saul Centers, Inc. filed with the Maryland Department of Assessments and Taxation on August 23, 1994 and filed as Exhibit 3.(a) of the 1993 Annual Report of the Company on Form 10-K are hereby incorporated by reference. Articles of Amendment to the First Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation of Saul Centers, Inc., filed with the Maryland Department of Assessments and Taxation on May 28, 2004 and filed as Exhibit 3.(a) of the June 30, 2004 Quarterly Report of the Company is hereby incorporated by reference. Articles of Amendment to the First Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation of Saul Centers, Inc., filed with the Maryland Department of Assessments and Taxation on May 26, 2006 and filed as Exhibit 3.(a) of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed May 30, 2006 is hereby incorporated by reference. Articles of Amendment to the First Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation of Saul Centers, Inc., filed with the Maryland Department of Assessments and Taxation on May 14, 2013 and filed as Exhibit 3.(a) of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed May 14, 2013 is hereby incorporated by reference. 

(b) 
      
    Amended and Restated Bylaws of Saul Centers, Inc. as in effect at and after August 24, 1993 and as of August 26, 1993 and filed as Exhibit 3.(b) of the 1993 Annual Report of the Company on Form 10-K are hereby incorporated by reference. Amendment No. 1 to Amended and Restate Bylaws of Saul Centers, Inc. adopted November 29, 2007 and filed as Exhibit 3(b) of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed December 3, 2007 is hereby incorporated by reference. 

(c) 
      
    Articles Supplementary to First Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation of the Company, dated October 30, 2003, filed as Exhibit 2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-A dated October 31, 2003, is hereby incorporated by reference. 

(d) 
      
    Articles Supplementary to First Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation of the Company, as amended, dated March 26, 2008, filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed March 27, 2008, is hereby incorporated by reference. 

(e) 
      
    Articles Supplementary to First Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation of the Company, dated February 6, 2013, filed as Exhibit 3.2 to Saul Centers  Registration Statement on Form 8-A, filed February 7, 2013, is hereby incorporated by reference. 

(f) 
      
    Articles Supplementary to First Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation of the Company, dated November 10, 2014, filed as Exhibit 3.2 of the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K, dated November 12, 2014, is hereby incorporated by reference.  

4. 
      
    (a) 
      
    Deposit Agreement, dated November 5, 2003, among the Company, Continental Stock Transfer   Trust Company, as Depositary, and the holders of depositary receipts, each representing 1/100th of a share of 8% Series A Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock of Saul Centers, Inc. and filed as Exhibit 4 to the Registration Statement on Form 8-A on October 31, 2003 is hereby incorporated by reference. 

(b) 
      
    Deposit Agreement, dated February 6, 2013, among the Company, Continental Stock Transfer   Trust Company, as Depositary, and the holders of depositary receipts, each representing 1/100   th    of a share of 6.875% Series C Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock of Saul Centers, Inc. filed as Exhibit 4.1 to Saul Centers  Registration Statement on Form 8-A on February 7, 2013 is hereby incorporated by reference. 

(c) 
      
    Form specimen of receipt representing the depositary shares, each representing 1/100th of a share of 8% Series A Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock of Saul Centers, Inc. and included as part of Exhibit 4 to the Registration Statement on Form 8-A on October 31, 2003 is hereby incorporated by reference. 

(d) 
      
    Form specimen of receipt representing the depositary shares, each representing 1/100   th    of a share of 6.875% Series C Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock of Saul Centers, Inc. and included as part of Exhibit 4.1 to Saul Centers  Registration Statement on Form 8-A on February 7, 2013 is hereby incorporated by reference. 

(e) 
      
    First Amendment to Deposit Agreement, dated November 12, 2014, among the Company, Continental Stock Transfer   Trust Company, as Depositary, and the holders of depositary receipts, each representing 1/100th of a share of 6.875% Series C Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock of Saul Centers, Inc. filed as Exhibit 4.2 to of the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K, dated November 12, 2014, is hereby incorporated by reference. 

-  42  - 

     Table of Contents  

10. 
      
    (a) 
      
    First Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of Saul Holdings Limited Partnership filed as Exhibit No. 10.1 to Registration Statement No. 33-64562 is hereby incorporated by reference. The First Amendment to the First Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of Saul Holdings Limited Partnership, the Second Amendment to the First Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of Saul Holdings Limited Partnership, and the Third Amendment to the First Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of Saul Holdings Limited Partnership filed as Exhibit 10.(a) of the 1995 Annual Report of the Company on Form 10-K is hereby incorporated by reference. The Fourth Amendment to the First Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of Saul Holdings Limited Partnership filed as Exhibit 10.(a) of the March 31, 1997 Quarterly Report of the Company is hereby incorporated by reference. The Fifth Amendment to the First Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of Saul Holdings Limited Partnership filed as Exhibit 4.(c) to Registration Statement No. 333-41436, is hereby incorporated by reference. The Sixth Amendment to the First Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of Saul Holdings Limited Partnership filed as Exhibit 10.(a) of the September 30, 2003 Quarterly Report of the Company on Form 10-Q is hereby incorporated by reference. The Seventh Amendment to the First Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of Saul Holdings Limited Partnership filed as Exhibit 10.(a) of the December 31, 2003 Annual Report of the Company on Form 10-K is hereby incorporated by reference. The Eighth Amendment to the First Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of Saul Holdings Limited Partnership filed as Exhibit 10.(a) of the December 31, 2007 Annual Report of the Company on Form 10-K is hereby incorporated by reference. The Ninth Amendment to the First Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of Saul Holdings Limited Partnership filed as Exhibit 10.(a) of the March 31, 2008 Quarterly Report of the Company on Form 10-Q is hereby incorporated by reference. The Tenth Amendment to the First Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of Saul Holdings Limited Partnership filed as Exhibit 10.(a) of the March 31, 2008 Quarterly Report of the Company on Form 10-Q is hereby incorporated by reference. The Eleventh Amendment to the First Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of Saul Holdings Limited Partnership filed as Exhibit 10.(a) of the September 30, 2011 Quarterly Report of the Company on Form 10-Q is hereby incorporated by reference. The Twelfth Amendment to the First Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of Saul Holdings Limited Partnership filed as Exhibit 10.1 of the Current Report of the Company on Form 8-K dated February 12, 2013 is hereby incorporated by reference. The Thirteenth Amendment to the First Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of Saul Holdings Limited Partnership filed as Exhibit 10.1 of the Current Report of the Company on Form 8-K dated November 12, 2014, is hereby incorporated by reference. 

(b) 
      
    First Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of Saul Subsidiary I Limited Partnership and Amendment No. 1 thereto filed as Exhibit 10.2 to Registration Statement No. 33-64562 are hereby incorporated by reference. The Second Amendment to the First Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of Saul Subsidiary I Limited Partnership, the Third Amendment to the First Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of Saul Subsidiary I Limited Partnership and the Fourth Amendment to the First Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of Saul Subsidiary I Limited Partnership as filed as Exhibit 10.(b) of the 1997 Annual Report of the Company on Form 10-K are hereby incorporated by reference. 

(c) 
      
    First Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of Saul Subsidiary II Limited Partnership and Amendment No. 1 thereto filed as Exhibit 10.3 to Registration Statement No. 33-64562 are hereby incorporated by reference. The Second Amendment to the First Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of Saul Subsidiary II Limited Partnership filed as Exhibit 10.(c) of the June 30, 2001 Quarterly Report of the Company is hereby incorporated by reference. The Third Amendment to the First Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of Saul Subsidiary II Limited Partnership as filed as exhibit 10.(c) of the 2006 Annual Report of the Company on Form 10-K are hereby incorporated by reference. The Fourth Amendment to the First Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of Saul Subsidiary II Limited Partnership filed as Exhibit 10.(c) of the 2009 Annual Report of the Company on Form 10-K are hereby incorporated by reference.  The Fifth Amendment to the First Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of Saul Subsidiary II Limited Partnership is filed herewith. 

(d) 
      
    Property Conveyance Agreement filed as Exhibit 10.4 to Registration Statement No. 33-64562 is hereby incorporated by reference. 

(e) 
      
    Management Functions Conveyance Agreement filed as Exhibit 10.5 to Registration Statement No. 33-64562 is hereby incorporated by reference. 

(f) 
      
    Registration Rights and Lock-Up Agreement filed as Exhibit 10.6 to Registration Statement No. 33-64562 is hereby incorporated by reference. 

(g) 
      
    Exclusivity and Right of First Refusal Agreement filed as Exhibit 10.7 to Registration Statement No. 33-64562 is hereby incorporated by reference. 

(h) 
      
    Agreement of Assumption dated as of August 26, 1993 executed by Saul Holdings Limited Partnership and filed as Exhibit 10.(i) of the 1993 Annual Report of the Company on Form 10-K is hereby incorporated by reference. 

(i) 
      
    Deferred Compensation Plan for Directors, dated as of April 23, 2004 and filed as Exhibit 10.(k) of the June 30, 2004 Quarterly Report of the Company is hereby incorporated by reference. 

(j) 
      
    Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of June 24, 2014, by and among Saul Holdings Limited Partnership as Borrower; Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Administrative Agent and Sole Lead Arranger; JP Morgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Syndication Agent; and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, JP Morgan Chase Bank, N.A., Capital One, N.A. and Citizens Bank of Pennsylvania as Lenders, as filed as Exhibit 10.1 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, dated June 25, 2014, is hereby incorporated by reference. 

(k) 
      
    Amended and Restated Guaranty, dated as of June 24, 2014, by and between Saul Centers, Inc., as Guarantor, and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Administrative Agent and Sole Lead Arranger for itself and other financial institutions as Lenders, as filed as Exhibit 10.2 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, dated June 25, 2014, is hereby incorporated by reference. 

-  43  - 

     Table of Contents  

(l) 
      
    The Saul Centers, Inc. 2004 Stock Plan, as amended on April 25, 2008 and May 10, 2013 and filed as Exhibit 10.(a) of the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 14, 2013, is hereby incorporated by reference. 

(m) 
      
    Form of Director Stock Option Agreements, as filed as Exhibit 10.(j) of the September 30, 2004 Quarterly Report of the Company, is hereby incorporated by reference. 

(n) 
      
    Form of Officer Stock Option Grant Agreements, as filed as Exhibit 10.(k) of the September 30, 2004 Quarterly Report of the Company, is hereby incorporated by reference. 

(o) 
      
    Promissory Note, dated as of March 23, 2011, by Clarendon Center LLC to The Prudential Life Insurance Company of America as filed as Exhibit 10.(a) of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated April 28, 2011, is hereby incorporated by reference. 

(p) 
      
    Deed of Trust, Security Agreement and Fixture Filing, dated as of March 23, 2011, by Clarendon Center LLC to Lawyers Title Realty Services, Inc. as trustee for the benefit of The Prudential Insurance Company of America, as beneficiary, as filed as Exhibit 10.(b) of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated April 28, 2011, is hereby incorporated by reference. 

(q) 
      
    Shared Services Agreement, dated as of July 1, 2004, between B. F. Saul Company and Saul Centers, Inc., as filed as Exhibit 10. (c) of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated August 11, 2010, is hereby incorporated by reference. 

(r) 
      
    Purchase Agreement, dated as of August 9, 2011, by and among the Company, Saul Holdings Limited Partnership and B. F. Saul Real Estate Investment Trust and filed as Exhibit 10.(r) of the September 30, 2011 Quarterly Report of the Company is hereby incorporated by reference. 

(s) 
      
    Agreement of Purchase and Sale, dated as of August 9, 2011, between Cranberry Retail, Inc. and Saul Holdings Limited Partnership, as amended and filed as Exhibit 2.(a) of the September 30, 2011 Quarterly Report of the Company is hereby incorporated by reference. 

(t) 
      
    Agreement of Purchase and Sale, dated as of August 9, 2011, between Kentlands Retail, Inc. and Saul Holdings Limited Partnership, as amended and filed as Exhibit 2.(b) of the September 30, 2011 Quarterly Report of the Company is hereby incorporated by reference. 

(u) 
      
    Agreement of Purchase and Sale, dated as of August 9, 2011, between Severna Retail, Inc. and Saul Holdings Limited Partnership, as amended and filed as Exhibit 2.(c) of the September 30, 2011 Quarterly Report of the Company is hereby incorporated by reference. 

(v) 
      
    Separation Agreement, dated as of March 25, 2014, by and among Saul Centers, Inc., B. F. Saul Company and Thomas H. McCormick and filed as Exhibit 10(w) of the March 31, 2014 Quarterly Report of the Company is hereby incorporated by reference. 

31. 

Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certifications of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer (filed herewith). 

32. 

Section 1350 Certifications of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer (filed herewith). 

99. 
      
    (a) 
      
    Schedule of Portfolio Properties (filed herewith). 

101. 

The following financial statements from the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, formatted in Extensible Business Reporting Language ( XBRL ): (i) consolidated balance sheets, (ii) consolidated statements of operations, (iii) consolidated statements of changes in stockholders  equity and comprehensive income, (iv) consolidated statements of cash flows, and (v) the notes to the consolidated financial statements. 

-  44  - 

Table of Contents  

SIGNATURES 
  Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

SAUL CENTERS, INC. 
  (Registrant) 

Date:    November 1, 2016 
    /s/ J. Page Lansdale 
        
    J. Page Lansdale, President and Chief Operating Officer 

Date:    November 1, 2016 
    /s/ Scott V. Schneider 
        
    Scott V. Schneider 
  Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer 
  (principal financial officer) 

Date:    November 1, 2016 
    /s/ Joel A. Friedman 
        
    Joel A. Friedman 
  Senior Vice President, Chief Accounting Officer 
  (principal accounting officer) 

-  45  - 

<EX-10.C>
 2
 bfs-09302016xex10c.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.C

Exhibit 

Exhibit 10.(c) 
    
  FIFTH AMENDMENT TO THE 
  FIRST AMENDED AND RESTATED AGREEMENT 
  OF LIMITED PARTNERSHIP OF 
  SAUL SUBSIDARY II LIMITED PARTNERSHIP 

THIS FIFTH AMENDMENT TO THE FIRST AMENDED AND RESTATED AGREEMENT OF LIMITED PARTNERSHIP OF SAUL SUBSIDIARY II LIMITED PARTNERSHIP (this  Fifth Amendment ) is made as of January 1, 2016. 
    
  WHEREAS, Saul Subsidiary II Limited Partnership (the  Partnership ) was formed as a Maryland limited partnership pursuant to that certain Certificate of Limited Partnership dated June 16, 1993 and filed on June 16, 1993 among the partnership records of the Maryland State Department of Assessments and Taxation, and that certain Agreement of Limited Partnership dated June 16, 1993 (the  Original Agreement   
    
  WHEREAS, the Original Agreement was amended and restated in its entirety by that certain First Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of the Partnership dated as of August 26, 1993 (as amended, the  Agreement   
    
  WHEREAS, the General Partner has determined it is in the best interests of all of the Partners to terminate the Guaranteed Payment made pursuant to Article 5 of the Agreement; and  
    
  WHEREAS, the Limited Partner agrees to such termination;  
    
  WHEREAS, the General Partner and the Limited Partner desire to amend the Agreement to accomplish the same; 
    
  NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto, intending legally to be bound, hereby agree as follows:  
    
           1. 
    Section 5.2, Section 13.2 (A)(3) and the phrase  (other than the Guaranteed Payment)  in Section 13.2 (A)(2) in the Agreement and all defined terms related thereto are deleted from the Agreement in their entirety. 
       
           2. 
    Except as the context may otherwise require, any terms use in this Fifth Amendment which are defined in the Agreement shall have the same meaning for purposes of this Fifth Amendment as in the Agreement. 
       
           3. 
    Except as herein amended, the Agreement is hereby ratified, confirmed and reaffirmed for all purposes and in all respects. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the General Partner and the Limited Partner have executed this Fifth Amendment effective for all purposes as of the date first above written. 

GENERAL PARTNER: 
    
  SAUL CENTERS, INC. 

By:        /s/ J. Page Lansdale                                  
  Name:       J. Page Lansdale                                   
  Title:       President and Chief Operating Officer 

LIMITED PARTNER: 
    
  SAUL HOLDINGS LIMITED PARTNERSHIP 
  By:  Saul Centers, Inc., its general partner 

By:       /s/ Scott V. Schneider                                  
  Name:       Scott V. Schneider                                  
  Title:       Senior Vice President                               

</EX-10.C>

<EX-31>
 3
 bfs-09302016xex31.htm
 EXHIBIT 31

Exhibit 

Exhibit 31 
  CERTIFICATIONS 

I, B. Francis Saul II, certify that:       
    
           1. 
    I have reviewed this report on Form 10-Q of Saul Centers, Inc.; 
       
           2. 
    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
       
           3. 
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
       
           4. 
    The registrant's other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 
    designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
       
           b) 
    designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
       
           c) 
    evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
       
           d) 
    disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal period that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
    The registrant's other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
       
           a) 
    all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
       
           b) 
    any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:      November 1, 2016    

/s/ B. Francis Saul II____           
  B. Francis Saul II 
  Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 

CERTIFICATIONS 

I,  Scott V. Schneider, certify that: 
    
           1. 
    I have reviewed this report on Form 10-Q of Saul Centers, Inc.; 
       
           2. 
    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
       
           3. 
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
       
           4. 
    The registrant's other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 
    designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,  to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
       
           b) 
    designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
       
           c) 
    evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) 
    disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal period that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
    The registrant's other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
       
           a) 
    all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) 
    any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:      November 1, 2016    

/s/ Scott V. Schneider_               
  Scott V. Schneider 
  Senior Vice President, 
  Chief Financial Officer, 
  Secretary and Treasurer 

</EX-31>

<EX-32>
 4
 bfs-09302016xex32.htm
 EXHIBIT 32

Exhibit 

Exhibit 32 
  CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
    
  PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
  The undersigned, B. Francis Saul II, the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Saul Centers, Inc. (the  Company ), has executed this certification in connection with the filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission of the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ending   September 30, 2016   (the  Report ).  The undersigned hereby certifies that:  
  (1)        the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 
  (2)        the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
    
  Date:        November 1, 2016                                       /s/ B. Francis Saul II______________________ 
    Name: B. Francis Saul II 
    Title:   Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
    
  PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
  The undersigned, Scott V. Schneider, the Chief Financial Officer of Saul Centers, Inc. (the  Company ), has executed this certification in connection with the filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission of the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ending   September 30, 2016   (the  Report ).  The undersigned hereby certifies that:  
  (1)        the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 
  (2)        the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date:        November 1, 2016                                      /s/ Scott V. Schneider_________                          
    Name: Scott V. Schneider 
    Title:   Senior Vice President, 
                Chief Financial Officer, Secretary and 
        Treasurer 

</EX-32>

<EX-99.A>
 5
 bfs-09302016xex99a.htm
 EXHIBIT 99.A

Exhibit 

</EX-99.A>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 bfs-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 bfs-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 bfs-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 bfs-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 bfs-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 bfs-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

