<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161110_10-Q_edgar_data_1530721_0001530721-16-000180_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>7793777</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>147387</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>433975</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2507087</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3308912</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1252587</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>42</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001530721-16-000180.hdr.sgml : 20161110
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161110165326
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001530721-16-000180
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		88
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20161001
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161110
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161110

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Michael Kors Holdings Ltd
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001530721
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	LEATHER & LEATHER PRODUCTS [3100]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0328

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-35368
		FILM NUMBER:		161988784

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		33 KINGSWAY
		CITY:			LONDON
		STATE:			X0
		ZIP:			WC2B 6UF
		BUSINESS PHONE:		44 207 632 8600

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		33 KINGSWAY
		CITY:			LONDON
		STATE:			X0
		ZIP:			WC2B 6UF

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001530721-16-000180.txt : 20161110

10-Q
 1
 kors10-q10012016.htm
 10-Q

Document 

UNITED STATES 
  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
  WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 

FORM 10-Q 

For the quarterly period ended   October 1, 2016    
  or 

For the transition period from                          to                        
  Commission file number 001-35368 

Michael Kors Holdings Limited 
  (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter) 

British Virgin Islands 
    N/A 
      (State or other jurisdiction of 
  incorporation or organization) 
    (I.R.S. Employer 
  Identification No.) 

33 Kingsway 
  London, United Kingdom 
  WC2B 6UF 
  (Address of Principal Executive Offices) 
  (Registrant s telephone number, including area code: 44 207 632 8600) 
  Securities registered or to be registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
                 Title of Each Class 
    Name of Each Exchange on which Registered 
      Ordinary Shares, no par value 
    New York Stock Exchange 

Securities registered or to be registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 
  None 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.     
    x    Yes           No 
      Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Website, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).  
    x    Yes           No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): 
                     Large accelerated filer 
      
    Accelerated filer 
         
      Non-accelerated filer 
        (Do not check if smaller reporting company) 
    Smaller reporting company 
         
      Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). 
         Yes      x    No 

As of   November 3, 2016  , Michael Kors Holdings Limited had   164,247,349   ordinary shares outstanding.                     

1 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 
  No. 
        
    PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
      
      Item 1. 
    Financial Statements 
    3 

Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets (unaudited) as of October 1, 2016 and April 2, 2016  
    3 

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income (unaudited) for the three months and six months ended October 1, 2016 and September 26, 2015  
    4 

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Shareholders  Equity (unaudited) for the six months ended October 1, 2016  
    5 

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (unaudited) for the six months ended October 1, 2016 and September 26, 2015  
    6 

Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (unaudited)  
    7 

Item 2. 
     Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  
    25 

Item 3. 
     Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk  
    43 

Item 4. 
     Controls and Procedures  
    44 

PART II OTHER INFORMATION  

Item 1. 
     Legal Proceedings  
    45 

Item 1A. 
     Risk Factors  
    45 

Item 2. 
     Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds  
    45 

Item 6. 
     Exhibits  
    45 

Signatures  
    46 

2 

PART I  - FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
  ITEM 1. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
   
  MICHAEL KORS HOLDINGS LIMITED AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
  (In millions, except share data) 
  (Unaudited) 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
  
   3 

MICHAEL KORS HOLDINGS LIMITED AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS AND COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
  (In millions, except share and per share data) 
  (Unaudited) 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
  
   4 

MICHAEL KORS HOLDINGS LIMITED AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF SHAREHOLDERS  EQUITY 
  (In millions, except share data which is in thousands) 
  (Unaudited) 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
  
   5 

MICHAEL KORS HOLDINGS LIMITED AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS  
  (In millions) 
  (Unaudited) 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
  
   6 

MICHAEL KORS HOLDINGS LIMITED AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
   
  1. Business and Basis of Presentation 
   Michael Kors Holdings Limited ( MKHL,  and together with its subsidiaries, the  Company ) was incorporated in the British Virgin Islands ( BVI ) on December 13, 2002. The Company is a leading designer, marketer, distributor and retailer of branded women s apparel and accessories and men s apparel bearing the Michael Kors tradename and related trademarks  MICHAEL KORS,   MICHAEL MICHAEL KORS,  and various other related trademarks and logos. The Company s business consists of retail, wholesale and licensing segments. Retail operations consist of collection stores and lifestyle stores, including concessions and outlet stores, located primarily in the Americas (United States, Canada and Latin America), Europe and Asia, as well as e-commerce. Wholesale revenues are principally derived from major department and specialty stores located throughout the Americas and Europe, as well as certain of our licensees in Asia. The Company licenses its trademarks on products such as fragrances, beauty, eyewear, leather goods, jewelry, watches, coats, men s suits, swimwear, furs and ties, as well as through geographic licenses. 
  The interim consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States ( U.S. GAAP ) and include the accounts of the Company and its wholly-owned subsidiaries. All significant intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. The consolidated financial statements as of   October 1, 2016   and for the   three and six   months ended   October 1, 2016   and   September 26, 2015   are unaudited. In addition, certain information and footnote disclosures normally included in financial statements prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP have been condensed or omitted. The interim financial statements reflect all normal and recurring adjustments, which are, in the opinion of management, necessary for a fair presentation in conformity with U.S. GAAP. The interim financial statements should be read in conjunction with the audited financial statements and notes thereto for the year ended   April 2, 2016  , as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on June 1, 2016, in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K. The results of operations for the interim periods should not be considered indicative of results to be expected for the full fiscal year. 
  On May 31, 2016, the Company acquired   100%   of the stock of its previously licensed business in the Greater China region, Michael Kors (HK) Limited and Subsidiaries ("MKHKL"), which has operations in China, Hong Kong, Macau and Taiwan. As a result, the Company began consolidating MKHKL into its operations beginning on June 1, 2016. See   Note 3   for additional information.  
  The Company utilizes a 52 to 53 week fiscal year ending on the Saturday closest to March 31. As such, the term  Fiscal Year  or  Fiscal  refers to the 52-week or 53-week period, ending on that day. The results for the   three and six   months ended   October 1, 2016   and   September 26, 2015  , are based on 13-week and 26-week periods, respectively.  
   
  2. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 
  Use of Estimates 
  The preparation of financial statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP requires management to use judgment and make estimates that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. The level of uncertainty in estimates and assumptions increases with the length of time until the underlying transactions are completed. The most significant assumptions and estimates involved in preparing the financial statements include allowances for customer deductions, sales returns, sales discounts and doubtful accounts, estimates of inventory recovery, the valuation of share-based compensation, valuation of deferred taxes and the estimated useful lives used for amortization and depreciation of intangible assets and property and equipment. Actual results could differ from those estimates.  
  Reclassifications 
  Certain reclassifications have been made to the prior periods  financial information in order to conform to the current period s presentation. 
  
   7 

Seasonality  
  The Company experiences certain effects of seasonality with respect to its wholesale and retail segments. The Company s wholesale segment generally experiences its greatest sales in our third and fourth fiscal quarters while its first fiscal quarter experiences the lowest sales. The Company s retail segment generally experiences greater sales during our third fiscal quarter as a result of Holiday season sales. In the aggregate, the Company s first fiscal quarter typically experiences significantly less sales volume relative to the other three quarters and its third fiscal quarter generally has higher sales volume relative to the other three quarters.  
    
  Derivative Financial Instruments 
  The Company uses forward foreign currency exchange contracts to manage its exposure to fluctuations in foreign currency for certain transactions. The Company, in its normal course of business, enters into transactions with foreign suppliers and seeks to minimize risks related to these transactions. The Company employs these forward foreign currency exchange contracts to hedge the Company s cash flows, as they relate to foreign currency transactions. Certain of these contracts are designated as hedges for accounting purposes, while others remain undesignated. All of the Company s derivative instruments are recorded in the Company s consolidated balance sheets at fair value on a gross basis, regardless of their hedge designation. 
  The Company designates certain contracts related to the purchase of inventory that qualify for hedge accounting as cash flow hedges. Formal hedge documentation is prepared for all derivative instruments designated as hedges, including description of the hedged item and the hedging instrument, the risk being hedged, and the manner in which hedge effectiveness will be assessed prospectively and retrospectively. The effective portion of changes in the fair value for contracts designated as cash flow hedges is recorded in equity as a component of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) until the hedged item effects earnings. When the inventory related to forecasted inventory purchases that are being hedged is sold to a third party, the gains or losses deferred in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) are recognized within cost of goods sold. The Company uses regression analysis to assess effectiveness of derivative instruments that are designated as hedges, which compares the change in the fair value of the derivative instrument to the change in the related hedged item. Effectiveness is assessed on a quarterly basis and any portion of the designated hedge contracts deemed ineffective is recorded to foreign currency gain (loss). If the hedge is no longer expected to be highly effective in the future, future changes in the fair value are recognized in earnings. For those contracts that are not designated as hedges, changes in the fair value are recorded to foreign currency gain (loss) in the Company s consolidated statements of operations. The Company classifies cash flows relating to its derivative instruments consistently with the classification of the hedged item, within cash from operating activities. 
  The Company is exposed to the risk that counterparties to derivative contracts will fail to meet their contractual obligations. In order to mitigate counterparty credit risk, the Company only enters into contracts with carefully selected financial institutions based upon their credit ratings and certain other financial factors, adhering to established limits for credit exposure. The aforementioned forward contracts generally have a term of no more than   12 months  . The period of these contracts is directly related to the foreign transaction they are intended to hedge. 
  Net Income per Share 
  The Company s basic net income per ordinary share is calculated by dividing net income by the weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding during the period. Diluted net income per ordinary share reflects the potential dilution that would occur if share option grants or any other potentially dilutive instruments, including restricted shares and units ( RSUs ), were exercised or converted into ordinary shares. These potentially dilutive securities are included in diluted shares to the extent they are dilutive under the treasury stock method for the applicable periods. Performance-based RSUs are included in diluted shares if the related performance conditions are considered satisfied as of the end of the reporting period and to the extent they are dilutive under the treasury stock method.  
  
   8 

The components of the calculation of basic net income per ordinary share and diluted net income per ordinary share are as follows (in millions, except share and per share data): 

During the   three and six   months ended   October 1, 2016  , share equivalents of   2,000,778   shares and   2,049,980   shares, respectively, have been excluded from the above calculations due to their anti-dilutive effect. Share equivalents of   3,058,665   shares and   4,870,045   shares, respectively, have been excluded from the above calculations during the   three and six   months ended   September 26, 2015  . 
  Please refer to Note 2 in the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended April 2, 2016, for a complete disclosure of the Company's significant accounting policies. 
  Recently Adopted Accounting Pronouncements 
  In September 2015, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ("FASB") issued Accounting Standards Update ("ASU") No. 2015-16, "  Business Combinations (Topic 805): Simplifying the Accounting for Measurement-Period Adjustments  ," which simplifies the accounting for adjustments made to provisional amounts recognized in a business combination by eliminating the requirement to retrospectively account for those adjustments and requiring such adjustments to be recognized in the reporting period in which they are determined. ASU 2015-16 requires disclosures of any amounts that would have been recorded in previous reporting periods if the adjustment was recognized as of the acquisition date. ASU 2015-16 is effective beginning with the Company's fiscal year 2017, with earlier application permitted, and should be applied prospectively. The adoption of ASU 2015-16 did not have a material impact on the Company's consolidated financial statements. 
  In June 2014, the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-12,    Accounting for Share-Based Payments When the Terms of an Award Provide That a Performance Target Could Be Achieved after the Requisite Service Period.    ASU 2014-12 requires that a performance target under stock-based compensation arrangements that could be achieved after the service period is treated as a performance condition and not reflected in the grant-date fair value of the award. Rather, the related compensation cost should be recognized when it becomes probable that the performance targets will be achieved. ASU 2014-12 is effective beginning with the Company s fiscal year 2018, with early adoption and retrospective application permitted. The Company adopted ASU 2014-12 during the first quarter of Fiscal 2017, which did not have a material impact on the Company's consolidated financial statements. 
  
   9 

Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements 
  We have considered all new accounting pronouncements and, other than the recent pronouncements discussed below, and have concluded that there are no new pronouncements that have a material impact on our results of operations, financial condition or cash flows based on current information. 
  Revenue Recognition 
  In May 2014, the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-09,    Revenue from Contracts with Customers  ,  which provides new guidance for revenues recognized from contracts with customers, and will replace the existing revenue recognition guidance. ASU No. 2014-09 requires that revenue is recognized at an amount the company is entitled to upon transferring control of goods or services to customers, as opposed to when risks and rewards transfer to a customer. In July 2015, the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-14, "  Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Deferral of the Effective Date,  " which deferred the effective date of ASU No. 2014-09 by one year, making it effective for the interim reporting periods within the annual reporting period beginning after December 15, 2017, or beginning with the Company s fiscal year 2019. This standard may be applied retrospectively to all prior periods presented, or retrospectively with a cumulative adjustment to retained earnings in the year of adoption. The Company is currently evaluating the adoption method and the impact that ASU 2014-09 will have on its consolidated financial statements and related disclosures. 
  The FASB has issued several additional ASUs to provide implementation guidance on ASU No. 2014-09, including ASU No. 2016-08, "  Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Principal versus Agent Considerations (Reporting Revenue Gross versus Net)"   issued in March 2016     and     ASU No. 2016-10, "  Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Identifying Performance Obligations and Licensing"   issued in April 2016 and ASU No. 2016-12, "  Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Narrow-Scope Improvements and Practical Expedients  "     issued in May 2016. The Company will consider this guidance in evaluating the impact of ASU 2014-09. 
  Lease Accounting 
  In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-02, "  Leases (Topic 842),"   which requires lessees to recognize a lease liability and a right-to-use asset on the balance sheet for all leases, except certain short-term leases. ASU 2016-02 is effective beginning with the Company's fiscal year 2020, with early adoption permitted, and must be implemented using a modified retrospective approach for all leases existing at, or entered into after the beginning of the earliest comparative period that is presented in the financial statements. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of ASU 2016-02 on its consolidated financial statements but expects that the adoption of this standard will result in a significant increase in assets and liabilities on its consolidated balance sheets. 
  Share-Based Compensation 
  In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-09, "  Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting  ," which simplifies accounting and presentation of share-based payments, primarily relating to the recognition and classification of excess tax benefits, accounting for forfeitures and tax withholding requirements. ASU 2016-09 is effective beginning with the Company's fiscal year 2018, with early adoption permitted and different permitted adoption methods for each provision of the standard. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of ASU 2016-09 on its consolidated financial statements. 
  Inventory Valuation 
  In July 2015, the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-11,   "Inventory (Topic 330): Simplifying the Measurement of Inventory."   The new guidance requires inventory accounted for using the average cost or first-in first-out method ("FIFO") to be measured at the lower of cost or net realizable value, replacing the current requirement to value inventory at the lower of cost or market. Net realizable value is defined as the estimated selling price in the ordinary course of business, less reasonably predictable costs of completion, disposal and transportation. ASU 2015-11 is effective beginning with the Company's fiscal year 2018 and should be applied prospectively, with earlier application permitted. The Company does not expect that ASU No. 2015-11 will have a material impact on its financial statements. 
  
   10 

3. Acquisitions    
  Fiscal 2017 Acquisition 
  On May 31, 2016, the Company acquired   100%   of the stock of Michael Kors (HK) Limited and its subsidiaries, its licensees in the Greater China Region, which includes China, Hong Kong, Macau and Taiwan. The Company believes that having direct control of this business will allow it to better manage opportunities and capitalize on the growth potential in the region. This acquisition was funded by a cash payment of   $500.0 million  , which may be subject to certain purchase price adjustments. The Company accounted for the acquisition as a business combination. The following table summarized the preliminary estimated fair values of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed at the date of acquisition (in millions): 

The purchase price was allocated to the underlying assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on their estimated fair values at the date of acquisition, with the   $96.5 million   difference between the purchase price over the net identifiable tangible and intangible assets acquired allocated to goodwill, which is not deductible for tax purposes. As part of this acquisition, the Company reacquired the rights to use its trademarks and to import, sell, advertise and promote certain of its products in the licensed territories, which were previously granted to its licensees in the Greater China region. As such, the Company recognized reacquired rights as a separate intangible asset from goodwill, which will be amortized through March 31, 2041, the original expiration date of its license agreement in the Greater China region. In addition, the Company recognized customer relationship intangible assets associated with wholesale customers, which will be amortized over   ten years  . The favorable lease assets and unfavorable lease liabilities have been separately recorded in the Company's financial statements and are recognized as rent expense and a reduction in rent expense, respectively, over the remaining term of the related lease agreements.  
  
   11 

MKHKL's results of operations have been included in our consolidated financial statements beginning on June 1, 2016.  MKHKL contributed total revenue of $  51.4 million   and net loss of $  3.8 million   during the three months ended   October 1, 2016  , and total revenue of $  72.0 million   and net loss of $  6.0 million   for the period from the date of acquisition through   October 1, 2016   (after amortization of non-cash valuation adjustments and integration costs).  
  The following table summarizes the unaudited pro-forma consolidated results of operations for the   three and six   months ended   October 1, 2016   and   September 26, 2015   as if the acquisition had occurred on March 29, 2015, the beginning of Fiscal 2016 (in millions):  

The unaudited pro-forma consolidated results above are based on the historical financial statements of the Company and MKHKL and are not necessarily indicative of the results of operations that would have been achieved if the acquisition was completed at the beginning of Fiscal 2016 and are not indicative of the future operating results of the combined company. The pro-forma consolidated results of operations reflect the elimination of intercompany transactions and include the effects of  purchase accounting adjustments, including amortization charges related to the finite-lived intangible assets acquired (reacquired rights and customer relationships), fair value adjustments relating to leases, fixed assets and inventory, and the related tax effects assuming that the business combination occurred on March 29, 2015. The pro-forma consolidated results of operations for the three months and six months ended October 1, 2016 also reflect the elimination of transaction costs of approximately $  11.3 million  , which have been recorded within selling, general and administrative expenses in the Company's consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income for the six months ended October 1, 2016. 
  The Company is in the process of finalizing the purchase accounting adjustments related to MKHKL, which could result in measurement period adjustments in future periods. 
  Fiscal 2016 Acquisitions 
  On January 1, 2016, the Company acquired direct control of its previously licensed business in South Korea ("MK Korea") upon the related license expiration in exchange for cash consideration of approximately   $3.6 million  . The Company accounted for this acquisition as a business combination and began consolidating the South Korean business into its operations beginning with the fourth quarter of Fiscal 2016. 
  During the second quarter of Fiscal 2016, the Company made contributions to its Latin American joint venture, MK (Panama) Holdings S.A. and subsidiaries ("MK Panama") totaling   $18.5 million  , consisting of cash consideration of   $3.0 million   and the elimination of liabilities owed to the Company of   $15.5 million  , which increased the Company's ownership interest to   75%  . As a result of obtaining controlling interest in MK Panama, which was previously accounted for under the equity method of accounting, the Company began consolidating MK Panama into its operations during the second quarter of Fiscal 2016.  The Company accounted for its acquisition of controlling interest in MK Panama as a business combination. 
  Please refer to Note 3 in the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended April 2, 2016, for detailed information relating to the Company's acquisitions of MK Korea and MK Panama businesses. 
  
   12 

4. Receivables, net   
  Receivables, net consist of (in millions): 

Receivables are presented net of allowances for sales returns, discounts, markdowns, operational chargebacks and doubtful accounts. Sales returns are determined based on an evaluation of current market conditions and historical returns experience. Discounts are based on open invoices where trade discounts have been extended to customers. Markdowns are based on wholesale customers' sales performance, seasonal negotiations with customers, historical deduction trends and an evaluation of current market conditions. Operational chargebacks are based on deductions taken by customers, net of expected recoveries. Such provisions, and related recoveries, are reflected in net sales.  
  The Company has assumed responsibility for most of the previously factored accounts receivable balances, but a large percentage of its trade receivables as of   October 1, 2016   and   April 2, 2016   are insured. The Company's allowance for doubtful accounts is determined through analysis of periodic aging of receivables that are not covered by insurance and assessments of collectability based on an evaluation of historic and anticipated trends, the financial conditions of the Company s customers and the impact of general economic conditions. The past due status of a receivable is based on its contractual terms. Amounts deemed uncollectible are written off against the allowance when it is probable the amounts will not be recovered. Allowance for doubtful accounts as of   October 1, 2016   and   April 2, 2016   was   $1.6 million   and   $0.7 million  , respectively. 
   
  5.  Property and Equipment, net 
  Property and equipment, net consist of (in millions): 

Depreciation and amortization of property and equipment for the   three and six   months ended   October 1, 2016   was   $50.2 million   and   $97.1 million  , respectively. Depreciation and amortization of property for the   three and six   months ended   September 26, 2015   was   $43.9 million   and   $83.6 million  , respectively. During the three months ended   October 1, 2016  , the Company recorded fixed asset impairment charges of   $4.9 million  , which were related to   10   retail locations still in operation.  
  
   13 

6. Intangible Assets and Goodwill  
  The following table details the carrying values of the Company's intangible assets that are subject to amortization (in millions): 

Reacquired rights relate to the Company's reacquisition of the rights to use its trademarks and to import, sell, advertise and promote certain of its products in the previously licensed territories in the Greater China region and are being amortized through March 31, 2041, the expiration date of the related license agreement. Lease rights are amortized over the respective terms of the underlying lease, including highly probable renewal periods. Trademarks relate to the Company s brand name and are amortized over   twenty years  . Customer relationships are amortized over   five   to   ten years  .  Amortization expense for the three months ended   October 1, 2016   and   September 26, 2015   was   $6.2 million   and   $2.2 million  , respectively, and was $  9.7 million   and $  4.1 million  , respectively, for the six months ended   October 1, 2016   and   September 26, 2015  , respectively. 
  Estimated amortization expense for each of the next five years is as follows (in millions): 

The following table details the changes in goodwill for each of the Company's reportable segments (in millions): 

Goodwill is not amortized but will be evaluated for impairment in the fourth quarter of Fiscal 2017, or whenever impairment indicators exist. There were   no   impairment charges recorded for any of the Company's intangible assets during the fiscal periods presented. 
  
   14 

7. Other Current Liabilities 
  Accrued expenses and other current liabilities consist of the following (in millions): 

8. Debt Obligations 
  Senior Unsecured Revolving Credit Facility 
  On   October 29, 2015  , the Company entered into an amended and restated senior unsecured revolving credit facility ("2015 Credit Facility") with, among others, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. ("JPMorgan Chase"), as administrative agent, which replaced its prior 2013 senior unsecured revolving credit facility ("2013 Credit Facility"). The Company and a U.S., Canadian, Dutch and Swiss subsidiary are the borrowers under the 2015 Credit Facility. The borrowers and certain material subsidiaries of the Company provide unsecured guarantees of the 2015 Credit Facility. The 2015 Credit Facility provides for up to   $1.0 billion   in borrowings, which may be denominated in U.S. Dollars and other currencies, including Euros, Canadian Dollars, Pounds Sterling, Japanese Yen and Swiss Francs. The 2015 Credit Facility also provides for the issuance of letters of credit of up to   $75.0 million   and swing line loans of up to   $50.0 million  . The Company has the ability to expand its borrowing availability under the 2015 Credit Facility by up to an additional   $500.0 million  , subject to the agreement of the participating lenders and certain other customary conditions. The 2015 Credit Facility expires on   October 29, 2020  .  
  Borrowings under the 2015 Credit Facility bear interest, at the Company's option, at (i) for loans denominated in U.S. Dollars, an alternative base rate, which is the greater of the prime rate publicly announced from time to time by JPMorgan Chase, the greater of the federal funds effective rate or Federal Reserve Bank of New York overnight bank funding rate plus 50 basis points or the one-month London Interbank Offered Rate adjusted for statutory reserve requirements for Eurocurrency liabilities ("Adjusted LIBOR") plus 100 basis points, in each case, plus an applicable margin based on the Company's leverage ratio; (ii) Adjusted LIBOR for the applicable interest period, plus an applicable margin based on the Company's leverage ratio; (iii) for Canadian borrowings, the Canadian prime rate, which is the greater of the PRIMCAN Index rate or the rate applicable to one-month Canadian Dollar banker's acceptances quoted on Reuters ("CDOR") plus 100 basis points, plus an applicable margin based on the Company's leverage ratio; or (iv) for Canadian borrowings, the average CDOR rate for the applicable interest period, plus an applicable margin based on the Company's leverage ratio.  
  The 2015 Credit Facility requires the Company to maintain a leverage ratio at the end of each fiscal quarter of no greater than   3.5   to 1. Such leverage ratio is calculated as the ratio of the sum of total indebtedness as of the date of the measurement plus   6.0   times the consolidated rent expense for the last four consecutive fiscal quarters, to Consolidated EBITDAR for the last four consecutive fiscal quarters. Consolidated EBITDAR is defined as consolidated net income plus income tax expense, net interest expense, depreciation and amortization expense, consolidated rent expense and other non-cash charges, subject to certain deductions. The 2015 Credit Facility also includes covenants that limit additional indebtedness, guarantees, liens, acquisitions and other investments and cash dividends that are customary for financings of this type. As of   October 1, 2016  , the Company was in compliance with all covenants related to this agreement. 
  As of   October 1, 2016  , the Company had    337.0 million   (approximately   $378.6 million  ) in borrowings outstanding under the 2015 Credit Facility, which were recorded within short-term debt in its consolidated balance sheet as of   October 1, 2016  . In addition, stand-by letters of credit of   $10.3 million   were outstanding as of   October 1, 2016  . There were   no   borrowings outstanding under the 2015 Credit Facility as of April 2, 2016. At   October 1, 2016  , the amount available for future borrowings was   $609.9 million  . Please refer to Note 9 in the Company's Fiscal 2016 Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information about the Company's 2015 Credit Facility.  
  
   15 

Hong Kong Credit Facility 
  The Company's subsidiary in Hong Kong, Michael Kors (HK) Limited, has an uncommitted credit facility ("HK Credit Facility") with HSBC (the "Bank"), which may be used to fund general working capital needs of Michael Kors (HK) Limited through   November 30, 2016  , subject to the Bank's discretion. The HK Credit Facility provides Michael Kors (HK) Limited with a revolving line of credit of up to   100.0 million   Hong Kong Dollars (approximately   $12.9 million  ), and may be used to support bank guarantees. In addition, this credit facility provides for a business card facility of up to   0.4 million   Hong Kong Dollars (less than   $0.1 million  ). Borrowings under the HK Credit Facility must be made in increments of at least   5.0 million   Hong Kong Dollars and bear interest at the Hong Kong Interbank Offered Rate ("HIBOR") plus 150 basis points. As of   October 1, 2016  , borrowings outstanding under the HK Credit Facility were   45.0 million   Hong Kong Dollars (approximately $  5.8 million  ), which were recorded within short-term debt in the Company's consolidated balance sheet as of   October 1, 2016  . In addition, as of   October 1, 2016  , bank guarantees supported by this facility were   8.8 million   Hong Kong Dollars (approximately $  1.1 million  ). At   October 1, 2016  , the amount available for future borrowings under the Hong Kong Credit Facility was   46.2 million   Hong Kong Dollars (approximately $  6.0 million  ).  
  Debt Obligations of MK Panama 
  The Company's consolidated balance sheet as of April 2, 2016 included   $2.3 million   in debt related to MK Panama, which was no longer outstanding as of   October 1, 2016  . 
   
  9. Commitments and Contingencies 
  In the ordinary course of business, the Company is party to various legal proceedings and claims. Although the outcome of such items cannot be determined with certainty, the Company s management does not believe that the outcome of all pending legal proceedings in the aggregate will have a material adverse effect on its cash flow, results of operations or financial position.  
  Please refer to the   Contractual Obligations and Commercial Commitments   disclosure within the   Liquidity   section of the Fiscal 2016 Form 10-K for a detailed disclosure of other commitments and contractual obligations as of April 2, 2016.  
   
  10. Fair Value of Financial Instruments 
  Financial assets and liabilities are measured at fair value using the three-level valuation hierarchy for disclosure of fair value measurements. The determination of the applicable level within the hierarchy of a particular asset or liability depends on the inputs used in the valuation as of the measurement date, notably the extent to which the inputs are market-based (observable) or internally derived (unobservable). Observable inputs are inputs that market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability developed based on market data obtained from independent sources. Unobservable inputs are inputs based on a company s own assumptions about market participant assumptions developed based on the best information available in the circumstances. The hierarchy is broken down into three levels based on the reliability of inputs as follows: 
  Level 1   Valuations based on quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that a company has the ability to access at the measurement date. 
  Level 2   Valuations based on quoted inputs other than quoted prices included within Level 1, that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly or indirectly through corroboration with observable market data for similar assets and liabilities. 
  Level 3   Valuations based on inputs that are unobservable and significant to the overall fair value measurement. 
  At   October 1, 2016   and   April 2, 2016  , the fair values of the Company s forward foreign currency exchange contracts, the Company s only derivative instruments, were determined using broker quotations, which were calculations derived from observable market information: the applicable currency rates at the balance sheet date and those forward rates particular to the contract at inception. The Company makes no adjustments to these broker obtained quotes or prices but assesses the credit risk of the counterparty and would adjust the provided valuations for counterparty credit risk when appropriate. The fair values of the forward contracts are included in prepaid expenses and other current assets, and in accrued expenses and other current liabilities in the consolidated balance sheets, depending on whether they represent assets or liabilities to the Company.  
  
   16 

All contracts are measured and recorded at fair value on a recurring basis and are categorized in Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy, as shown in the following table (in millions): 
                                                               
    Fair value at October 1, 2016 using: 
      
    Fair value at April 2, 2016 using: 
        
    Quoted prices in 
  active markets for 
  identical assets 
  (Level 1) 
      
    Significant 
  other observable 
  inputs 
  (Level 2) 
      
    Significant 
  unobservable 
  inputs 
  (Level 3) 
      
    Quoted prices in 
  active markets for 
  identical assets 
  (Level 1) 
      
    Significant 
  other observable 
  inputs 
  (Level 2) 
      
    Significant 
  unobservable 
  inputs 
  (Level 3) 
      Forward foreign currency exchange contracts - assets 
    $ 

$ 
    0.5 

$ 

$ 

$ 
    0.1 

$ 

Forward foreign currency exchange contracts - liabilities 
    $ 

$ 
    2.4 

$ 

$ 

$ 
    5.5 

$ 

The Company s cash and cash equivalents, accounts receivable and accounts payable, are recorded at carrying value, which approximates fair value. Borrowings under revolving credit agreements are recorded at carrying value, which approximates fair value due to the short-term nature of such borrowings. 
  Non-Financial Assets and Liabilities 
  The Company's non-financial assets include goodwill, intangible assets and property and equipment. Such assets are reported at their carrying values and are not subject to recurring fair value measurements. The Company's goodwill is assessed for impairment at least annually during the fourth quarter of each fiscal year, while its other long-lived assets, including fixed assets and finite-lived intangible assets, are assessed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of any such asset may not be recoverable. During the three months ended   October 1, 2016  , the Company recorded impairment charges of   $4.9 million   to impair retail store fixed assets with a book value of   $5.4 million   and a fair value of   $0.5 million   (see Note 5 for additional information). The fair values of these assets were determined based on Level 3 measurements, based on the Company's best estimates of the amount and timing of the related stores' future discounted cash flows, based on historical experience and current market conditions. 
   
  11. Derivative Financial Instruments 
  The Company uses forward foreign currency exchange contracts to manage its exposure to fluctuations in foreign currency for certain of its transactions. The Company in its normal course of business enters into transactions with foreign suppliers and seeks to minimize risks related to certain forecasted inventory purchases by using forward foreign currency exchange contracts. The Company only enters into derivative instruments with highly credit-rated counterparties. The Company s derivative financial instruments are not currently subject to master netting arrangements. The Company does not enter into derivative contracts for trading or speculative purposes. 
  The following table details the fair value of the Company s derivative contracts, which are recorded on a gross basis in the consolidated balance sheets as of   October 1, 2016   and   April 2, 2016   (in millions): 

(1)   
    Recorded within prepaid expenses and other current assets in the Company s consolidated balance sheets. 
               (2)   
    Recorded within accrued expenses and other current liabilities in the Company s consolidated balance sheets. 
     
   17 

Changes in the fair value of the effective portion of the Company s forward foreign currency exchange contracts that are designated as accounting hedges are recorded in equity as a component of accumulated other comprehensive income, and are reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income into earnings when the items underlying the hedged transactions are recognized into earnings, as a component of cost of sales within the Company s consolidated statements of operations. The following tables summarize the impact of the effective portion of gains and losses of the forward contracts designated as hedges for the three and   six   months ended   October 1, 2016   and   September 26, 2015   (in millions): 
                                               
    Three Months Ended 
        
    October 1, 2016 
      
    September 26, 2015 
        
    Pre-Tax Loss 
  Recognized 
  in OCI 
  (Effective Portion) 
      
    Pre-Tax Gain 
  Reclassified from 
  Accumulated OCI 
  into Earnings 
  (Effective Portion) 
      
    Pre-Tax Loss 
  Recognized 
  in OCI 
  (Effective Portion) 
      
    Pre-Tax Gain 
  Reclassified from 
  Accumulated OCI 
  into Earnings 
  (Effective Portion) 
      Forward foreign currency exchange contracts 
    $ 
    (1.2 
    ) 
      
    $ 
    0.3 

$ 
    (6.6 
    ) 
      
    $ 
    2.4 

Six Months Ended 
        
    October 1, 2016 
      
    September 26, 2015 
        
    Pre-Tax Gain Recognized in OCI (Effective Portion) 
      
    Pre-Tax Gain Reclassified from Accumulated OCI into Earnings (Effective Portion) 
      
    Pre-Tax Loss Recognized in OCI (Effective Portion) 
      
    Pre-Tax Gain Reclassified from Accumulated OCI into Earnings (Effective Portion) 
      Forward foreign currency exchange contracts 
    $ 
    2.1 

$ 
    0.2 

$ 
    (18.3 
    ) 
      
    $ 
    2.4 

Amounts related to ineffectiveness were not material during all periods presented. The Company expects that substantially all of the amounts currently recorded in accumulated other comprehensive loss will be reclassified into earnings during the next twelve months, based upon the timing of inventory purchases and turns. These amounts are subject to fluctuations in the applicable currency exchange rates. 
   During the   three and six   months ended   October 1, 2016  , the Company recognized gains of   $0.1 million   and   $0.3 million  , respectively, related to changes in the fair value of undesignated forward currency exchange contracts within foreign currency gains (losses) in the Company s consolidated statement of operations. During the   three and six   months ended   September 26, 2015  , the Company recognized losses related to changes in the fair value of undesignated forward foreign currency exchange contracts of   $0.4 million   and   $1.4 million  , respectively.  
   
  12. Shareholders  Equity 
  Share Repurchase Program 
  On May 25, 2016, the Company's Board of Directors authorized a   $1.0 billion   share repurchase program, which replaced the remaining balance of the previous share repurchase program authorized on October 30, 2014. During the   six   months ended   October 1, 2016   and   September 26, 2015  , the Company repurchased   13,044,832   shares and   16,384,737   shares, respectively, at a cost of   $650.0 million   and   $750.0 million  , respectively, under its share-repurchase programs through open market transactions. As of   October 1, 2016  , the remaining availability under the Company s new share repurchase program was   $350.0 million  . 
  The Company also has in place a  withhold to cover  repurchase program, which allows the Company to withhold ordinary shares from certain executive officers to satisfy minimum tax withholding obligations relating to the vesting of their restricted share awards. During the   six   month periods ended   October 1, 2016   and   September 26, 2015  , the Company withheld   99,739   shares and   22,540   shares, respectively, at a cost of   $4.7 million   and   $1.1 million  , respectively, in satisfaction of minimum tax withholding obligations relating to the vesting of restricted share awards. 
  
   18 

13. Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income 
  The following table details changes in the components of accumulated other comprehensive income, net of taxes for the   six   months ended   October 1, 2016   and   September 26, 2015  , respectively (in millions): 

_________________________ 
            (1)   
    Reclassified amounts relate to the Company s forward foreign currency exchange contracts for inventory purchases and are recorded within cost of goods sold in the Company s consolidated statements of operations. All tax effects were not material for the periods presented. 
      
  14. Share-Based Compensation 
  The Company issues equity grants to certain employees and directors of the Company at the discretion of the Company s Compensation and Talent Committee. The Company has   two   equity plans,   one   adopted in Fiscal 2008, the Michael Kors (USA), Inc. Stock Option Plan (as amended and restated, the  2008 Plan ), and the other adopted in the third fiscal quarter of Fiscal 2012 and amended and restated with shareholder approval in May 2015, the Michael Kors Holdings Limited Amended and Restated Omnibus Incentive Plan (the  Incentive Plan ). The 2008 Plan only provided for grants of share options and was authorized to issue up to   23,980,823   ordinary shares. As of   October 1, 2016  , there were   no   shares available to grant equity awards under the 2008 Plan. The Incentive Plan allows for grants of share options, restricted shares and restricted share units, and other equity awards, and authorizes a total issuance of up to   15,246,000   ordinary shares. At   October 1, 2016  , there were   8,400,234   ordinary shares available for future grants of equity awards under the Incentive Plan. Option grants issued from the 2008 Plan generally expire   ten years   from the date of the grant, and those issued under the Incentive Plan generally expire   seven years   from the date of the grant. 
    
  Share Options 
  Share options are generally exercisable at no less than the fair market value on the date of grant. The Company has issued   two   types of option grants, those that vest based on the attainment of a performance target and those that vest based on the passage of time. Under the 2008 Plan, performance-based share options may vest based upon the attainment of   one   of   two   performance measures. One performance measure is an individual performance target, which is based upon certain performance targets unique to the individual grantee, and the other measure is a company-wide performance target, which is based on a cumulative minimum growth requirement in consolidated net equity. The individual performance target vests   20%   of the total option grant each year the target is satisfied. The individual has   ten years   in which to achieve   five   individual performance vesting tranches. The company-wide performance target must be achieved over the   ten  -year term. Performance is measured at the end of the term, and any unvested options vest if the target is achieved. The Company-wide performance target is established at the time of the grant. The target metrics underlying individual performance vesting requirements are established for each recipient each year up until such time as the grant is fully vested. Under the Incentive Plan, options subject to time-based vesting requirements become vested in   four   equal increments on each of the first, second, third and fourth anniversaries of the date on which such options were awarded. 
  
   19 

The following table summarizes the share option activity during the   six   months ended   October 1, 2016  : 

The weighted average grant date fair value for options granted during the six months ended   October 1, 2016   and   September 26, 2015   was   $13.79   and   $14.36   respectively.  
  The following table represents assumptions used to estimate the fair value of options: 

Restricted Shares and Restricted Share Units 
  The Company grants restricted shares and restricted share units at the fair market value on the date of the grant. Expense for restricted share awards is based on the closing market price of the Company s shares on the date of grant and is recognized ratably over the vesting period net of expected forfeitures. 
  Restricted share grants generally vest in equal increments on each of the   four   anniversaries of the date of grant. In addition, the Company grants   two   types of restricted share unit ( RSU ) awards: time-based RSUs and performance-based RSUs. Time-based RSUs generally vest in full either on the first anniversary of the date of the grant, or in equal increments on each of the   four   anniversaries of the date of grant. Performance-based RSUs vest in full on the   three  -year anniversary of the date of grant, subject to the employee s continued employment during the vesting period and only if certain pre-established cumulative performance targets are met at the end of the   three  -year performance period. Expense related to performance-based RSUs is recognized ratably over the   three  -year performance period, net of forfeitures, based on the probability of attainment of the related performance targets. The potential number of shares that may be earned ranges between   0%  , if the minimum level of performance is not attained, and   150%  , if the level of performance is at or above the pre-determined maximum achievement level. 
  The following table summarizes restricted share activity during the   six   months ended   October 1, 2016  : 

20 

The following table summarizes the RSU activity during the   six   months ended   October 1, 2016  : 

Share-Based Compensation Expense 
  The following table summarizes compensation expense attributable to share-based compensation for the   three and six   months ended   October 1, 2016   and   September 26, 2015   (in millions): 

Forfeitures are estimated at the time of grant and revised, if necessary, in subsequent periods if actual forfeitures differ from those estimates. The Company estimates forfeitures based on its historical forfeiture rate to date. The estimated value of future forfeitures for equity grants as of   October 1, 2016   is approximately   $3.3 million  . 
   
  15. Income Taxes 
  On October 29, 2014, the Company s Board of Directors approved a proposal to move the Company s principal executive office from Hong Kong to the United Kingdom ("U.K.") and to become a U.K. tax resident. The Company remains incorporated in the British Virgin Islands. Due to substantial international growth and expansion over the past several years and the Company being a U.K. tax resident for both of the fiscal periods presented, the Company believes that it is most appropriate to reconcile its effective tax rate to the UK Statutory tax rate.  
  The following table summarizes the significant differences between the U.K. federal statutory tax rate and the Company's effective tax rate for financial statement purposes.  

21 

16. Segment Information 
  The Company operates its business through   three   operating segments Retail, Wholesale and Licensing which are based on its business activities and organization. The operating segments are segments of the Company for which separate financial information is available and for which operating results are evaluated regularly by the Company's chief operating decision maker in deciding how to allocate resources, as well as in assessing performance. The primary key performance indicators are net sales or revenue (in the case of Licensing) and operating income for each segment. The Company s reportable segments represent channels of distribution that offer similar merchandise, customer experience and sales/marketing strategies. The Company s Retail segment includes sales through the Company owned stores, including  Collection,   Lifestyle  including  concessions,  and outlet stores located throughout the Americas (U.S., Canada and Latin America), Europe, and Asia, as well as the Company s e-commerce sales. Products sold through the Retail segment include women s apparel, accessories (which include handbags and small leather goods such as wallets), men's apparel, footwear and licensed products, such as watches, jewelry, fragrances and beauty, and eyewear. The Wholesale segment includes sales primarily to major department stores and specialty shops throughout the Americas, Europe and Asia. Products sold through the Wholesale segment include accessories (which include handbags and small leather goods such as wallets), footwear and women s and men s apparel. We also have wholesale arrangements pursuant to which we sell products to certain of our licensees, including our licensees in Asia. The Licensing segment includes royalties earned on licensed products and use of the Company s trademarks, and rights granted to third parties for the right to sell the Company s products in certain geographic regions such as the Middle East, Eastern Europe, certain parts of Asia and Australia. All intercompany revenues are eliminated in consolidation and are not reviewed when evaluating segment performance. Corporate overhead expenses are allocated to the segments based upon specific usage or other allocation methods. 
  The Company has allocated   $25.9 million  ,   $91.9 million   and   $1.9 million   of its recorded   $119.7 million   goodwill as of   October 1, 2016   to its Wholesale, Retail and Licensing segments, respectively. Please refer to   Note 3   and   Note 6   for goodwill recorded upon the Company's acquisition of MKHKL on May 31, 2016. As of   April 2, 2016  , the Company's goodwill balance of   $23.2 million   was allocated   $13.3 million  ,   $8.0 million   and   $1.9 million   to the Company's Wholesale, Retail and Licensing segments, respectively. The Company does not have identifiable assets separated by segment.  
  The following table presents the key performance information of the Company s reportable segments (in millions): 

Depreciation and amortization expense for each segment are as follows (in millions): 

22 

Total revenue (as recognized based on country of origin), and long-lived assets by geographic location of the consolidated Company are as follows (in millions):  

17. Related Party Transactions 
  The Company s Chief Creative Officer, Michael Kors, and the Company s Chief Executive Officer, John Idol, and certain of the Company s former shareholders, including Sportswear Holdings Limited, jointly owned Michael Kors Far East Holdings Limited, a BVI company, prior to the Company's acquisition of MKHKL on May 31, 2016, which eliminated their ownership interests. On April 1, 2011, the Company entered into certain licensing agreements with certain subsidiaries of Michael Kors Far East Holdings Limited, including MKHKL, (the  Licensees ), which provided the Licensees with certain exclusive rights for use of the Company s trademarks within China, Hong Kong, Macau and Taiwan, and to import, sell, advertise and promote certain of the Company s products in these regions, as well as to own and operate stores bearing the Company s tradenames. The agreements between the Company and the Licensees were scheduled to expire on   March 31, 2041  , and could be terminated by the Company at certain intervals if certain minimum sales benchmarks were not met. Royalties earned under these agreements were approximately   $1.2 million   during the two months ended May 31, 2016 preceding the acquisition, and   $1.6 million   and   $3.3 million  , respectively, during the three months and   six   months ended   September 26, 2015  . These royalties were driven by Licensee sales (of the Company s goods) to their customers of approximately   $28.9 million   during the two months ended May 31, 2016 preceding the acquisition, and approximately   $36.6 million   and   $74.9 million  , respectively, during the three months and   six   months ended   September 26, 2015  . In addition, the Company sold certain inventory items to the Licensees through its wholesale segment at terms consistent with those of similar licensees in the region. During the two-month period ended May 31, 2016 preceding the acquisition, amounts recognized as net sales in the Company s consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income related to these sales were approximately   $7.9 million  . During the three months and six months ended   September 26, 2015  , amounts recognized as net sales were approximately   $14.0 million   and   $30.0 million  , respectively. As of   April 2, 2016  , the Company s total accounts receivable from this related party were   $16.1 million  . Please refer to Note 3 for information relating to the Company's acquisition of MKHKL on May 31, 2016. 
  The Company s balance sheet as of   April 2, 2016   reflects a   $1.0 million   long-term loan between EBISA, the Company s partner in the MK Panama joint venture, and Rosales Development Corp. There is a family relationship between EBISA and Rosales Development Corp. The loan was initiated on November 25, 2014 with an annual rate of interest of   5.0%   and was fully repaid during the three months ended July 2, 2016. 
  A former executive officer of our Company shares a household with an employee of one of our suppliers of fixtures for our shop-in-shops, retail stores and showrooms, and therefore, such employee may be deemed to be an immediate family member of the former executive officer for purposes of federal securities laws. During the six months ended   October 1, 2016   and   September 26, 2015  , purchases from this supplier reflected in the Company's consolidated financial statements were $  0.6 million   and $  1.8 million  , respectively. Accounts payable to this supplier were   $0.3 million   as of   October 1, 2016   and immaterial as of   April 2, 2016  . 
  
   23 

18. Non-cash Investing Activities 
  Significant non-cash investing activities during the   six months ended     September 26, 2015   included   $15.5 million   of non-cash consideration comprised of liabilities owed to the Company, which were converted into additional equity interest in MK Panama. Significant non-cash investing activities also included the non-cash allocations of the fair values of the net assets acquired in connection with the Company obtaining controlling interest in MK Panama during the second quarter of Fiscal 2016 and in connection with its acquisition of the Greater China business during the first quarter of Fiscal 2017. See   Note 3   for additional information. 
  There were no other significant non-cash investing or financing activities during the fiscal periods presented. 
  
   24 

ITEM 2. 
  MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF 
  FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
  The following Management s Discussion and Analysis ( MD A ) of our Financial Condition and Results of Operations should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and notes thereto included as part of this interim report. This discussion contains forward-looking statements that are based upon current expectations. We sometimes identify forward-looking statements with such words as  may,   expect,   anticipate,   estimate,   seek,   intend,   believe  or similar words concerning future events. The forward-looking statements contained herein, include, without limitation, statements concerning future revenue sources and concentration, gross profit margins, selling and marketing expenses, capital expenditures, general and administrative expenses, capital resources, new stores, additional financings or borrowings and additional losses and are subject to risks and uncertainties including, but not limited to, those discussed in this report that could cause actual results to differ materially from the results contemplated by these forward-looking statements. We also urge you to carefully review the risk factors set forth under  Risk Factors  in our Annual Report on Form 10-K (File No. 001-35368), filed on June 1, 2016, with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 
   
  Overview 
  Our Business 
  We are a global luxury lifestyle brand led by a world-class management team and a renowned, award-winning designer. Since launching his namesake brand 35 years ago, Michael Kors has featured distinctive designs, materials and craftsmanship with a jet-set aesthetic that combines stylish elegance and a sporty attitude. Mr. Kors  vision has taken the Company from its beginnings as an American luxury sportswear house to a global accessories, footwear and apparel company with a presence in over 100 countries. As a highly recognized luxury lifestyle brand in North America, with accelerating awareness in targeted international markets, we have experienced sales momentum and intend to continue along this course as we grow our business. 
  We operate our business in three segments retail, wholesale and licensing and we have a strategically controlled global distribution network focused on company-operated retail stores, leading department stores, specialty stores and select licensing partners. As of   October 1, 2016  , our retail segment included   392   retail stores in the Americas (including concessions) and   395   international retail stores (including concessions) throughout Europe and Asia.  In addition, our retail segment included e-commerce sites in the United States ( U.S. ), Canada, and our two newly-launched European e-commerce sites in the United Kingdom and Germany. As of   October 1, 2016  , our wholesale segment included wholesale sales through approximately   1,456   department store doors and   890   specialty store doors in the Americas and wholesale sales through approximately   1,101   specialty store doors and   215   department store doors internationally. Our remaining revenue is generated through our licensing segment, through which we license to third parties certain production, sales and/or distribution rights. During the   six months ended     October 1, 2016  , our licensing segment accounted for approximately   3.3%   of our total revenue and consisted of royalties earned on licensed products and our geographic licenses. 
  We offer three primary collections: the   Michael Kors Collection   luxury line, the   MICHAEL Michael Kors   accessible luxury line and the   Michael Kors Mens   line. The   Michael Kors     Collection   establishes the aesthetic authority of our entire brand and is carried by many of our retail stores, our e-commerce sites, as well as in the finest luxury department stores in the world. In 2004, we introduced   MICHAEL Michael Kors  , which has a strong focus on accessories, in addition to offering footwear and apparel, and addresses the significant demand opportunity in accessible luxury goods. More recently, we have begun to grow our men's business in recognition of the significant opportunity afforded by our brand's established fashion authority and the expanding men's market. Taken together, our primary collections target a broad customer base while retaining our premium luxury image. 
  Certain Factors Affecting Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
  Establishing brand identity and enhancing global presence.   We intend to continue to increase our international presence and global brand recognition through the formation of various joint ventures with international partners, and continuing with our international licensing arrangements. We feel this is an efficient method for continued penetration into the global luxury goods market, especially for markets where we have yet to establish a substantial presence. In addition, our growth strategy includes assuming direct control of certain international operations, which allows us to better manage our growth opportunities in the related regions. During the second quarter of Fiscal 2016, we made additional capital contributions to our Latin American joint venture, MK (Panama) Holdings, S.A. and subsidiaries ( MK Panama ), obtaining a 75% controlling interest in MK Panama, and began to consolidate MK Panama into our operations beginning with the second quarter of Fiscal 2016. On January 1, 2016, we acquired the previously licensed business in South Korea. On May 31, 2016, we further expanded our global presence by acquiring the previously licensed operations in the Greater China region (please refer to   Note 3   to the accompanying consolidated financial statements for additional information). 
  
   25 

Demand for Our Accessories and Related Merchandise  . Our performance is affected by trends in the luxury goods industry, as well as shifts in demographics and changes in lifestyle preferences. While the accessible luxury retail and wholesale industry has been recently challenged by lower consumer traffic trends, a promotional selling environment resulting from a channel shift, a decrease in tourist travel, restrained consumer spending, and other political and economic factors, we expect that our products will continue to be desired by our end-consumers. 
  Currency fluctuation and the Strengthening U.S. Dollar.   Our consolidated operations are impacted by the relationships between our reporting currency, the U.S. dollar, and those of our non-U.S. subsidiaries whose functional/local currency is other than the U.S. dollar. During the   three and six   months ended   October 1, 2016  , our results have been positively impacted by increases in the value of the Japanese Yen relative to the U.S. Dollar of approximately 20% and 16%, respectively, largely offset by declines in value of the British Pound relative to the U.S. Dollar of 15% and 11%, respectively, compared to the same prior year period, following the affirmative vote by the United Kingdom to leave the European Union earlier this fiscal year. We continue to expect significant volatility in the global foreign currency exchange rates, which may have a negative impact on the operations of certain of our non-U.S. subsidiaries in the future. 
  Disruptions in shipping and distribution  . Our operations are subject to the impact of shipping disruptions as a result of changes or damage to our distribution infrastructure, as well as due to external factors. Any future disruptions in our shipping and distribution network could have a negative impact on our results of operations. 
  Costs of Manufacturing  .  Our industry is subject to volatility in costs related to certain raw materials used in the manufacturing of our products. This volatility applies primarily to costs driven by commodity prices, which can increase or decrease dramatically over a short period of time. These fluctuations may have a material impact on our sales, results of operations and cash flows to the extent they occur. We use commercially reasonable efforts to mitigate these effects by sourcing our products as efficiently as possible. In addition, manufacturing labor costs are also subject to degrees of volatility based on local and global economic conditions. We use commercially reasonable efforts to source from localities that suit our manufacturing standards and result in more favorable labor driven costs to our products. 
  Critical Accounting Policies 
  The preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the U.S. ( U.S. GAAP ) requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, as well as the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting period. Critical accounting policies are those that are the most important to the portrayal of our financial condition and results of operations, and that require our most difficult, subjective and complex judgments to make estimates about the effect of matters that are inherently uncertain. In applying such policies, we must use certain assumptions that are based upon our informed judgments, assessments of probability and best estimates. Estimates, by their nature, are subjective and are based upon analysis of available information, including historical factors, current circumstances and the experience and judgment of management. Our critical accounting policies are disclosed in full in the MD A section of our Fiscal 2016 Annual Report on Form 10-K. There have been no significant changes in our critical accounting policies since April 2, 2016. 
  
   26 

Segment Information 
  We generate revenue through three business segments: retail, wholesale and licensing. The following table presents our revenue and income from operations by segment for the   three and six   months ended   October 1, 2016   and   September 26, 2015   (in millions): 

Retail 
  We sell our products, as well as licensed products bearing our name, directly to the end consumer through our retail stores and concessions throughout the Americas, Europe, and Asia, as well as through our e-commerce sites in the U.S., Canada and Europe. During the three months ended   October 1, 2016  , we launched our first two European e-commerce sites in the United Kingdom and Germany, with plans to continue to expand our e-commerce presence in Europe into Fiscal 2018. We have four primary retail store formats: "Collection" stores, "Lifestyle" stores, outlet stores and e-commerce. Our "Collection" stores are located in highly prestigious shopping areas, while our "Lifestyle" stores are located in well-populated commercial shopping locations and leading regional shopping centers. Our outlet stores, which are generally in outlet centers, extend our reach to additional consumer groups. In addition to these four retail store formats, we operate concessions in a select number of department stores in the Americas, Europe and Asia. 
  The following table presents the growth in our network of retail stores for the   three and six   months ended   October 1, 2016   and   September 26, 2015  : 

27 

The following table presents our retail stores by geographic location: 

(1)         
    Includes 102 stores associated with the previously licensed business in Greater China acquired on May 31, 2016 and 35 stores associated the previously licensed business in South Korea acquired on January 1, 2016. Please refer to   Note 3   to the accompanying consolidated financial statements for additional information. 
     Wholesale 
  We sell our products directly to department stores primarily located across the Americas and Europe to accommodate consumers who prefer to shop at major department stores. In addition, we sell to specialty stores for those consumers who enjoy the boutique experience afforded by such stores, as well as to travel retail shops in the Americas, Europe and Asia. We also have wholesale arrangements pursuant to which we sell products to certain of our licensees. We continue to focus our sales efforts and drive sales in existing locations by enhancing presentation, primarily through the creation of more shop-in-shops with our proprietary fixtures that effectively communicate our brand and create a more personalized shopping experience for consumers. We tailor our assortments through wholesale product planning and allocation processes to better match the demands of our department store customers in each local market.  
  The following table presents the increase (decrease) in our global network of wholesale doors during the three and six months ended   October 1, 2016   and   September 26, 2015  : 

Licensing 
  We generate revenue through product and geographic licensing arrangements. Our product license agreements allow third parties to use our brand name and trademarks in connection with the manufacturing and sale of a variety of products, including watches, jewelry, fragrances and beauty, and eyewear. In our product licensing arrangements, we take an active role in the design, marketing and distribution of products under our brands. Our geographic licensing arrangements allow third parties to use our tradenames in connection with the retail and/or wholesale sales of our branded products in specific geographic regions. During Fiscal 2016, we acquired a controlling interest in MK Panama on June 28, 2015 and acquired direct control of the previously licensed business in South Korea on January 1, 2016. During Fiscal 2017, we acquired direct control of our licensed operations in the Greater China region on May 31, 2016. The results of the acquired businesses are now being reported as part of our retail and wholesale operations. 
  
   28 

Key Performance Indicators and Statistics 
  We use a number of key indicators of operating results to evaluate our performance, including the following (dollars in millions): 

General Definitions for Operating Results 
  Net sales   consist of sales from comparable retail stores and non-comparable retail stores, net of returns and markdowns, as well as those made to our wholesale customers, net of returns, discounts, markdowns and allowances. 
  Comparable store sales   include sales from a store or e-commerce site that has been operating for one full year after the end of the first month of its operations. For stores that are closed, sales that were made in the final month of their operations (assuming closure prior to the fiscal month's end), are excluded from the calculation of comparable store sales. Additionally, sales for stores that are either relocated, or expanded by a square footage of 25% or greater, in any given fiscal year, are also excluded from the calculation of comparable store sales at the time of their move or interruption, until such stores have been in their new location, or are operating under their new size/capacity, for at least one full year after the end of the first month of their relocation or expansion. All comparable store sales are presented on a 52-week basis. Comparable store sales are reported on a global basis, which represents management s view of our Company as an expanding global business. 
  Constant currency effects   are non-U.S. GAAP financial measures, which are provided to supplement our reported operating results to facilitate comparisons of our operating results and trends in our business, excluding the effects of foreign currency rate fluctuations. Because we are a global Company, foreign currency exchange rates may have a significant effect on our reported results. We calculate constant currency measures and the related foreign currency impacts by translating the current-year s reported amounts into comparable amounts using prior year s foreign exchange rates for each currency. All constant currency performance measures discussed below should be considered a supplement to and not in lieu of our operating performance measures calculated in accordance with U.S. GAAP. 
  Licensing revenue   consists of fees charged on sales of licensed products by our licensees as well as contractual royalty rates for the use of our trademarks in certain geographic territories. 
  Cost of goods sold   includes the cost of inventory sold, freight-in on merchandise and foreign currency exchange gains/losses related to forward contracts for purchase commitments. All retail store operating and occupancy costs are included in   Selling, general and administrative expenses   (see below), and as a result our cost of goods sold may not be comparable to that of other entities that have chosen to include some or all of those expenses as a component of their cost of goods sold. 
  Gross profit   is total revenue (net sales plus licensing revenue) minus cost of goods sold. As a result of retail store operating and occupancy costs being excluded from our cost of goods sold, our gross profit may not be comparable to that of other entities that have chosen to include some or all of those expenses as a component of their gross profit. 
  
   29 

Selling, general and administrative expenses   consist of warehousing and distribution costs, rent for our distribution centers, store payroll, store occupancy costs (such as rent, common area maintenance, store pre-opening, real estate taxes and utilities), information technology and systems costs, corporate payroll and related benefits, advertising and promotion expense, transaction costs and other general expenses. 
  Depreciation and amortization   includes depreciation and amortization of fixed and definite-lived intangible assets. 
  Impairment charges   consist of charges to write-down fixed assets to fair value. 
  Income from operations   consists of gross profit minus total operating expenses. 
  Other (income) expense, net   includes proceeds received related to our anti-counterfeiting efforts and equity income or loss earned on our joint venture (prior to obtaining controlling interest in MK Panama). Future amounts may include any miscellaneous activities not directly related to our operations. 
  Interest expense, net   represents interest and fees on our revolving credit facilities and letters of credit (see  Liquidity and Capital Resources  for further detail on our credit facilities), as well as amortization of deferred financing costs, offset by interest earned on highly liquid investments (investments purchased with an original maturity of three months or less, classified as cash equivalents). 
  Foreign currency losses   includes net gains or losses related to the mark-to-market (fair value) on our forward currency contracts not designated as accounting hedges and unrealized income or loss from the re-measurement of monetary assets and liabilities denominated in currencies other than the functional currencies of our subsidiaries. 
  Noncontrolling interest   represents the portion of the equity ownership in MK Panama, which is not attributable to the Company. On June 28, 2015, we obtained a controlling interest in MK Panama and began to consolidate its financial results in our operations. 
  
   30 

Results of Operations 
  Comparison of the three months ended   October 1, 2016   with the three months ended   September 26, 2015    
  The following table details the results of our operations for the three months ended   October 1, 2016   and for the three months ended   September 26, 2015  , and expresses the relationship of certain line items to total revenue as a percentage (dollars in millions): 

Total Revenue 
  Total revenue decreased $  41.8 million  , or   3.7%  , to $  1.088 billion   for the three months ended   October 1, 2016  , compared to $  1.130 billion   for the three months ended   September 26, 2015  , which included net favorable foreign currency effects of approximately   $0.5 million  , primarily related to the strengthening of the Japanese Yen, largely offset by the weakening of the British Pound against the U.S. Dollar during the three months ended   October 1, 2016   as compared to the same prior year period.     Total revenue for the three months ended   October 1, 2016   included approximately $39.4 million of incremental revenue attributable to our recent acquisitions, including $34.4 million related to our acquisition of the Greater China operations on May 31, 2016 and $5.0 million related to our acquisition of MK Korea on January 1, 2016. 
  The following table details revenues for our three business segments (dollars in millions): 

31 

Retail 
  Net sales from our retail stores increased $  64.4 million  , or   12.1%  , to   $597.2 million   for the three months ended   October 1, 2016  , compared to   $532.8 million   for the three months ended   September 26, 2015  . We operated   787   retail stores, including concessions, as of   October 1, 2016  , compared to   589   retail stores, including concessions, as of   September 26, 2015  . 
  During the three months ended   October 1, 2016  , our comparable store sales decreased $  25.3 million  , or   5.4%  , which included net favorable foreign currency effects of approximately   $0.8 million   due to the strengthening of the Euro. Our comparable store sales benefited approximately 270 basis points from the inclusion of the North American e-commerce sales in comparable store sales. On a constant currency basis, our comparable store sales decreased   $26.1 million  , or   5.6%  . The decrease in our comparable store sales was attributable to lower sales from our women's accessories, watches and jewelry product categories during the three months ended   October 1, 2016  , as compared to the three months ended   September 26, 2015  . 
  Our non-comparable store sales increased   $89.7 million   during the three months ended   October 1, 2016  , which included unfavorable foreign currency effects of   $0.8 million  . The increase in non-comparable store sales was primarily attributable to operating   198   additional stores since   September 26, 2015  , including 137 stores associated with our recent acquisitions of the previously licensed operations in Greater China and South Korea. Our recently acquired businesses contributed approximately $53.9 million to our non-comparable store sales, $49.1 million of which related to Greater China and $4.8 million to South Korea. 
  Wholesale 
  Net sales to our wholesale customers decreased   $101.8 million  , or   18.4%  , to   $452.2 million   for the three months ended   October 1, 2016  , compared to   $554.0 million   for the three months ended   September 26, 2015  , which included net favorable foreign currency effects of approximately   $0.5 million  . The decrease in our wholesale net sales was primarily attributable to lower sales from our accessories, womenswear and footwear product lines, offset in part by increased men's sales during the three months ended   October 1, 2016  , compared to the three months ended   September 26, 2015  . Approximately $12.4 million of the decrease in wholesale net sales was due to the absence of the prior period wholesale sales to our former licensees in Greater China and South Korea as a result of our acquisitions of the related businesses. 
  Licensing 
  Royalties earned on our licensing agreements decreased   $4.4 million  , or   10.2%  , to   $38.8 million   for the three months ended   October 1, 2016  , compared to   $43.2 million   for the three months ended   September 26, 2015  . This decrease was primarily attributable to lower licensing revenues related to watches and jewelry, as well as lower revenues from our geographic licensing arrangements in Asia due to our recent acquisitions of the related licensed operations, as previously described. These decreases were partially offset by higher licensing revenues related to sales of outerwear. 
  Gross Profit 
  Gross profit decreased $  19.8 million  , or   3.0%  , to   $644.7 million   for the three months ended   October 1, 2016  , compared to   $664.5 million   for the three months ended   September 26, 2015  , which included net favorable foreign currency effects of   $2.0 million  . Gross profit as a percentage of total revenue increased   40   basis points to   59.2%   during the three months ended   October 1, 2016  , compared to   58.8%   during the three months ended   September 26, 2015  . The increase in our gross profit margin was primarily attributable to a favorable channel mix due to a higher proportion of retail sales than in the prior fiscal year period and an increase in gross profit margin from our wholesale segment of 80 basis points, reflecting favorable geographic mix due to a higher proportion of sales outside the U.S. These increases were partially offset by a decrease of 250 basis points in our retail segment gross margin, which was primarily attributable to an increase in promotional activity during the three months ended   October 1, 2016  , as compared to the three months ended   September 26, 2015  .  
  Total Operating Expenses 
  Total operating expenses increased   $49.6 million  , or   12.7%  , to   $441.0 million   during the three months ended   October 1, 2016  , compared to   $391.4 million   for the three months ended   September 26, 2015  . Our operating expenses included a net unfavorable foreign currency impact of approximately $1.4 million. Total operating expenses increased to   40.5%   as a percentage of total revenue for the three months ended   October 1, 2016  , compared to   34.6%   for the three months ended   September 26, 2015  . The components that comprise total operating expenses are explained below. 
  
   32 

Selling, General and Administrative Expenses 
  Selling, general and administrative expenses increased $  34.4 million  , or   10.0%  , to   $379.7 million   during the three months ended   October 1, 2016  , compared to $  345.3 million   for the three months ended   September 26, 2015  . The increase in selling, general and administrative expenses was primarily due to the following: 

an increase of $32.8 million due to the inclusion of the recently acquired businesses in the Greater China and South Korea regions in our operating results during the three months ended   October 1, 2016  ; and 
                
    an increase of $13.5 million in retail store-related costs, excluding acquired businesses, primarily comprised of increased occupancy costs of $10.1 million due to the growth in our retail store network and increased advertising costs of $2.3 million; offset in part by 
                
    a decrease of $5.6 million in other corporate expenses, excluding acquired businesses. 
     Selling, general and administrative expenses as a percentage of total revenue increased to   34.9%   during the three months ended   October 1, 2016  , compared to   30.6%   for the three months ended   September 26, 2015  , primarily due to the increase in our retail store-related costs as a percentage of revenue during the three months ended   October 1, 2016  , as compared to the three months ended   September 26, 2015  . 
  Depreciation and Amortization 
  Depreciation and amortization increased $  10.3 million  , or   22.3%  , to   $56.4 million   during the three months ended   October 1, 2016  , compared to $  46.1 million   for the three months ended   September 26, 2015  . Approximately $10.1 million of this increase was attributable to depreciation and amortization expenses recorded for our newly acquired businesses in Greater China and South Korea, including amortization of the reacquired rights intangible asset recognized in connection with the acquisition of the Greater China business. Depreciation and amortization increased to   5.2%   as a percentage of total revenue during the three months ended   October 1, 2016  , compared to   4.1%   for the three months ended   September 26, 2015  . 
  Impairment of Long-Lived Assets  
  During the three months ended   October 1, 2016  , we recognized fixed asset impairment charges of approximately   $4.9 million  , which were related to ten of our retail locations that are still in operation. 
  Income from Operations 
  As a result of the foregoing, income from operations decreased   $69.4 million  , or   25.4%  , to   $203.7 million   during the three months ended   October 1, 2016  , compared to   $273.1 million   for the three months ended   September 26, 2015  . Income from operations as a percentage of total revenue decreased to   18.7%   during the three months ended   October 1, 2016  , compared to   24.2%   for the three months ended   September 26, 2015  . 
  The following table details income from operations for our three business segments (dollars in millions): 

33 

Retail 
  Income from operations for our retail segment decreased   $30.3 million  , or   30.3%  , to   $69.6 million   during the three months ended   October 1, 2016  , compared to   $99.9 million   for the three months ended   September 26, 2015  . Income from operations as a percentage of net retail sales decreased from   18.8%   for the three months ended   September 26, 2015   to   11.7%   during the three months ended   October 1, 2016  . The decrease in retail income from operations as a percentage of net retail sales was primarily due to an increase in operating expenses as a percentage of net retail sales of approximately 460 basis points, as well as a 250 basis point decrease in gross profit margin, as previously discussed above, during the three months ended   October 1, 2016  , as compared to the three months ended   September 26, 2015  . The increase in operating expenses as a percentage of net retail sales during the three months ended   October 1, 2016   was primarily attributable to increased retail store-related costs, higher depreciation expenses associated with the recently acquired businesses and new store openings, fixed asset impairment charges recorded during the three months ended   October 1, 2016  , and amortization of the reacquired rights intangible asset recognized in connection with our acquisition of the Greater China business. 
  Wholesale 
  Income from operations for our wholesale segment decreased   $34.9 million  , or   22.2%  , to   $122.0 million   during the three months ended   October 1, 2016  , compared to   $156.9 million   for the three months ended   September 26, 2015  . Income from operations as a percentage of net wholesale sales decreased approximately   130   basis points to   27.0%   during the three months ended   October 1, 2016  . The decrease in wholesale income from operations as a percentage of wholesale net sales was primarily due to higher operating expenses as a percentage of net wholesale sales of approximately 210 basis points, partially offset by an 80 basis point increase in our wholesale gross profit margin, as previously discussed. The increase in operating expenses as a percentage of net wholesale sales was primarily attributable to increased distribution, selling and design costs, as well as higher depreciation expenses. 
  Licensing 
  Income from operations for our licensing segment decreased   $4.2 million  , or   25.8%  , to   $12.1 million   during the three months ended   October 1, 2016  , compared to   $16.3 million   for the three months ended   September 26, 2015  . Income from operations as a percentage of licensing revenue decreased approximately   650   basis points to   31.2%   during the three months ended   October 1, 2016  , which was primarily due to increased advertising costs, higher corporate allocated expenses, including costs related to protection of our intellectual property and higher depreciation expenses as a percentage of licensing revenue during the three months ended   October 1, 2016  , as compared to the three months ended   September 26, 2015  .  
  Interest Expense 
  Interest expense increased   $1.0 million   to   $1.4 million   during the three months ended   October 1, 2016  , compared to   $0.4 million   for the three months ended   September 26, 2015  , primarily due to higher interest expense on borrowings and lower interest income earned on our short-term investments (cash-equivalents) during the three months ended   October 1, 2016  , as compared to the three months ended   September 26, 2015  . 
  Foreign Currency Losses 
  The foreign currency losses of   $1.4 million   recorded during the three month periods ended   September 26, 2015   were primarily attributable to net losses on revaluation and remeasurement of balances denominated in currencies other than the functional currency of the applicable reporting units. 
  Provision for Income Taxes 
  We recognized   $41.9 million   of income tax expense during the three months ended   October 1, 2016  , compared to $  78.4 million   for the three months ended   September 26, 2015  . Our effective tax rate for the three months ended   October 1, 2016  , was   20.7%  , compared to   28.9%   for the three months ended   September 26, 2015  . The decrease in our effective tax rate was primarily due to the favorable effect of global financing activities, an increase in taxable income in certain of our non-U.S. subsidiaries (predominantly European operations), which are subject to lower statutory income tax rates, and state tax benefits recognized during the three months ended   October 1, 2016  . Due to substantial international growth and expansion over the past several years and our Company being a U.K. tax resident, we expect the taxable income from our non-U.S. subsidiaries to continue to favorably impact our consolidated effective tax rate and believe that it is most appropriate to reconcile our effective tax rate to the UK Statutory tax rate.  
  
   34 

Our effective tax rate may fluctuate from time to time due to the effects of changes in U.S. state and local taxes and tax rates in foreign jurisdictions. In addition, factors such as the geographic mix of earnings, enacted tax legislation and the results of various global tax strategies, may also impact our effective tax rate in future periods. 
  Net Loss Attributable to Noncontrolling Interest 
  On June 28, 2015, we obtained a controlling interest in MK Panama and began to consolidate its financial results in our operations. During the three months ended   October 1, 2016   and   September 26, 2015  , we recorded net losses attributable to the noncontrolling interest in MK Panama of   $0.2 million   and   $0.3 million  , respectively. These losses represent the share of MK Panama's income that is not attributable to the Company.  
  Net Income Attributable to MKHL 
  As a result of the foregoing, our net income attributable to MKHL decreased   $32.2 million  , or   16.7%  , to   $160.9 million   during the three months ended   October 1, 2016  , compared to   $193.1 million   for the three months ended   September 26, 2015  . 
   
  Results of Operations 
  Comparison of the   six months ended     October 1, 2016   with the   six months ended     September 26, 2015 
  The following table details the results of our operations for the   six months ended     October 1, 2016   and for the   six months ended     September 26, 2015  , and expresses the relationship of certain line items to total revenue as a percentage (dollars in millions): 

35 

Total Revenue 
  Total revenue decreased $  39.9 million  , or   1.9%  , to $  2.076 billion   for the   six months ended     October 1, 2016  , compared to $  2.116 billion   for the   six months ended     September 26, 2015  , which included net favorable foreign currency effects of   $2.4 million   primarily related to the strengthening of the Japanese Yen, partially offset by the weakening of the British Pound against the U.S. Dollar during the   six months ended     October 1, 2016   as compared to the same prior year period. On a constant currency basis, our total revenue decreased   $42.3 million  , or   2.0%  . The decrease in our revenues was primarily attributable to lower wholesale and licensing revenues, partially offset by increased revenues from our retail business. Total revenue for the   six months ended     October 1, 2016   included approximately $60.4 million of incremental revenue attributable to our recent acquisitions, including $47.8 million related to our acquisition of the Greater China operations on May 31, 2016 and incremental revenues of $4.0 million and $8.6 million, respectively, resulting from our consolidation of MK Panama and acquisition of MK Korea in Fiscal 2016. 
  The following table details revenues for our three business segments (dollars in millions): 

Retail 
  Net sales from our retail stores increased $  104.0 million  , or   9.8%  , to   $1.160 billion   for the   six months ended     October 1, 2016  , compared to   $1.056 billion   for the   six months ended     September 26, 2015  , which included net foreign currency effects of   $1.0 million  . We operated   787   retail stores, including concessions, as of   October 1, 2016  , compared to   589   retail stores, including concessions, as of   September 26, 2015  . 
  During the   six months ended     October 1, 2016  , our comparable store sales decreased $  59.6 million  , or   6.4%  , which included net favorable foreign currency effects of   $1.8 million  . Our comparable store sales benefited approximately 210 basis points from the inclusion of the North American e-commerce sales in comparable store sales. On a constant currency basis, our comparable store sales decreased $  61.4 million  , or   6.6%  . The decrease in our comparable store sales was primarily attributable to lower sales from our women's product categories, offset in part by higher sales from our men's product categories during the   six months ended     October 1, 2016   compared to the   six months ended     September 26, 2015  . 
  Our non-comparable store sales increased $  163.6 million   during the   six months ended     October 1, 2016  , which included unfavorable foreign currency effects of   $0.8 million  . The increase in non-comparable store sales was primarily attributable to operating   198   additional stores since   September 26, 2015  , including 137 stores associated with our recent acquisitions of the previously licensed operations in Greater China and South Korea. Our recently acquired and consolidated businesses contributed approximately $84.2 million to our non-comparable store sales, $69.3 million of which related to Greater China, $9.8 million to South Korea and $5.1 million to Latin America. 
  Wholesale 
  Net sales to our wholesale customers decreased   $131.4 million  , or   13.4%  , to   $846.6 million   for the   six months ended     October 1, 2016  , compared to   $978.0 million   for the   six months ended     September 26, 2015  , which included net favorable foreign currency effects of   $1.4 million  . The decrease in our wholesale net sales was primarily attributable to lower sales from our accessories and womenswear product lines, offset in part by increased men's sales during the   six months ended     October 1, 2016  , as compared to the   six months ended     September 26, 2015  . Approximately $20.9 million of the decrease in wholesale net sales was due to the absence of the prior period wholesale sales to our licensees in Greater China, South Korea and Latin America as a result of our acquisition and consolidation of the related businesses. 
  
   36 

Licensing 
  Royalties earned on our licensing agreements decreased   $12.5 million  , or   15.3%  , to   $69.4 million   for the   six months ended     October 1, 2016  , compared to   $81.9 million   for the   six months ended     September 26, 2015  . This decrease was primarily attributable to lower licensing revenues related to watches, as well as lower revenues from our geographic licensing arrangements in Asia due to our recent acquisitions of the related licensed operations, as previously described. These decreases were partially offset by higher licensing revenues related to sales of outerwear. 
  Gross Profit 
  Gross profit decreased   $32.1 million  , or   2.5%  , to   $1.236 billion   for the   six months ended     October 1, 2016  , compared to   $1.268 billion   for the   six months ended     September 26, 2015  , which included net favorable foreign currency effects of   $4.0 million  . Gross profit as a percentage of total revenue decreased   40   basis points to   59.5%   during the   six months ended     October 1, 2016  , compared to   59.9%   during the   six months ended     September 26, 2015  . The decrease in our gross profit margin was primarily attributable to a 360 basis point decrease in our retail gross margin, primarily due to increased promotional activity. Such decrease was largely offset by a favorable channel mix due to a higher proportion of retail sales than in the prior fiscal period, as well a 140 basis point improvement in our wholesale gross margin, reflecting favorable geographic mix due to a higher proportion of sales outside the U.S.  
  Total Operating Expenses 
  Total operating expenses increased   $99.0 million  , or   13.3%  , to   $845.4 million   during the   six months ended     October 1, 2016  , compared to   $746.4 million   for the   six months ended     September 26, 2015  . Our operating expenses included a net unfavorable foreign currency impact of approximately   $3.8 million  . Total operating expenses increased to   40.7%   as a percentage of total revenue for the   six months ended     October 1, 2016  , compared to   35.3%   for the   six months ended     September 26, 2015  . The components that comprise total operating expenses are explained below. 
  Selling, General and Administrative Expenses 
  Selling, general and administrative expenses increased   $75.0 million  , or   11.4%  , to   $733.7 million   during the   six months ended     October 1, 2016  , compared to   $658.7 million   for the   six months ended     September 26, 2015  . The increase in selling, general and administrative expenses was primarily due to the following: 
             
    an increase of $51.7 million due to the inclusion of the recently acquired businesses in the Greater China and South Korea regions in our operating results during the   six months ended     October 1, 2016  ; 
                
    approximately $11.3 million in transaction costs recorded during the   six months ended     October 1, 2016   in connection with our acquisition of the Greater China business; and 
                
    an increase of $34.0 million in retail store-related costs, excluding acquired businesses, primarily comprised of increased occupancy costs of $22.4 million, increased compensation-related costs of $4.8 million and increased advertising costs of $3.8 million. These increases were primarily attributable to the growth in our retail store network and our e-commerce business; offset in part by 
                
    a decrease of $12.5 million in other corporate expenses, excluding transaction costs and expenses related to acquired businesses. 
     Selling, general and administrative expenses as a percentage of total revenue increased to   35.3%   during the   six months ended     October 1, 2016  , compared to   31.1%   for the   six months ended     September 26, 2015  , primarily due to an increase in our retail store and corporate overhead costs (which include transaction costs related to the acquisition of the Greater China business) as a percentage of revenue during the   six months ended     October 1, 2016  , as compared to the   six months ended     September 26, 2015  . 
  Depreciation and Amortization 
  Depreciation and amortization increased   $19.1 million  , or   21.8%  , to   $106.8 million   during the   six months ended     October 1, 2016  , compared to   $87.7 million   for the   six months ended     September 26, 2015  . Approximately $14.6 million of this increase was was attributable to depreciation and amortization expenses recorded for our newly acquired and consolidated businesses in Greater China, South Korea and Latin America, including amortization of the reacquired rights intangible asset recognized in connection with the acquisition of the Greater China business. The remainder of the increase in depreciation and amortization expense was primarily due to an increase in build-out of our new retail stores, new shop-in-shop locations, increase in lease rights related to our new European stores and investments in our corporate facilities and our information systems infrastructure to accommodate our growth. Depreciation and amortization increased to   5.1%   as a percentage of total revenue during the   six months ended     October 1, 2016  , compared to   4.1%   for the   six months ended     September 26, 2015  . 
  
   37 

Impairment of Long-Lived Assets  
  During the   six months ended     October 1, 2016  , we recognized fixed asset impairment charges of approximately   $4.9 million  , which were related to ten of our retail locations that are still in operation. 
  Income from Operations 
  As a result of the foregoing, income from operations decreased   $131.1 million   or   25.1%  , to   $390.6 million   during the   six months ended     October 1, 2016  , compared to   $521.7 million   for the   six months ended     September 26, 2015  . Income from operations as a percentage of total revenue decreased to   18.8%   during the   six months ended     October 1, 2016  , compared to   24.7%   for the   six months ended     September 26, 2015  . 
  The following table details income from operations for our three business segments (dollars in millions): 

Retail 
  Income from operations for our retail segment decreased   $84.6 million  , or   38.3%  , to   $136.2 million   during the   six months ended     October 1, 2016  , compared to   $220.8 million   for the   six months ended     September 26, 2015  . Income from operations as a percentage of net retail sales decreased from   20.9%   for the   six months ended     September 26, 2015   to   11.7%   during the   six months ended     October 1, 2016  . The decrease in retail income from operations as a percentage of net retail sales was primarily due to an increase in operating expenses as a percentage of net retail sales of approximately 560 basis points, as well as a 360 basis point decrease in gross profit margin, as previously discussed, during the   six months ended     October 1, 2016  , as compared to the   six months ended     September 26, 2015  . The increase in operating expenses as a percentage of net retail sales was largely due to the following: (i) increased retail store-related costs; (ii) higher depreciation expenses associated with the recently acquired businesses and new store openings; (iii) increased corporate allocated expenses primarily due to the inclusion of transaction costs of $11.3 million related to the acquisition of the Greater China business; (iv) fixed asset impairment charges recorded during the   six months ended     October 1, 2016  ; and (v) amortization of the reacquired rights intangible asset recognized in connection with our acquisition of the Greater China business. 
  Wholesale 
  Income from operations for our wholesale segment decreased   $36.2 million  , or   13.8%  , to   $227.0 million   during the   six months ended     October 1, 2016  , compared to   $263.2 million   for the   six months ended     September 26, 2015  . Income from operations as a percentage of net wholesale sales decreased approximately   10   basis points to   26.8%   during the   six months ended     October 1, 2016  . The slight decrease in wholesale income from operations as a percentage of wholesale net sales was driven by higher operating expenses as a percentage of net wholesale sales of approximately 150 basis points, largely offset by improved gross profit margin of approximately 140 basis points, as previously discussed. The increase in operating expenses as a percentage of wholesale sales was primarily attributable to increased distribution, selling and design costs, as well as higher depreciation expenses, partially offset by lower corporate allocated expenses. 
  Licensing 
  Income from operations for our licensing segment decreased   $10.3 million  , or   27.3%  , to   $27.4 million   during the   six months ended     October 1, 2016  , compared to   $37.7 million   for the   six months ended     September 26, 2015  . Income from operations as a percentage of licensing revenue decreased from   46.0%   during the   six months ended     September 26, 2015   to   39.5%   during the   six months ended     October 1, 2016  . The decrease in licensing income from operations as a percentage of licensing revenue was due to increased operating expenses as a percentage of licensing revenue during the   six months ended     October 1, 2016  , as compared to the   six months ended     September 26, 2015  . This increase in operating expenses as a percentage of licensing revenue was primarily due to higher corporate allocated expenses, including costs related to protection of our intellectual property, increased advertising costs and higher depreciation expenses as a percentage of licensing revenue during the   six months ended     October 1, 2016  , as compared to the   six months ended     September 26, 2015  . 
  
   38 

Other (Income) Expense, net 
  During the   six months ended     October 1, 2016  , other income of   $0.6 million   was primarily comprised of income related to our anti-counterfeiting efforts. During the   six months ended     September 26, 2015  , other expense of   $0.9 million   was comprised of losses related to our joint venture, which were recorded under equity method of accounting prior to obtaining controlling interest in MK Panama during the second quarter of Fiscal 2016.  
  Interest Expense 
  Interest expense increased   $1.2 million   to   $1.7 million   during the   six months ended     October 1, 2016  , compared to   $0.5 million   for the   six months ended     September 26, 2015  , primarily due to higher interest expense on borrowings and lower interest income earned on our short-term investments (cash-equivalents) during the   six months ended     October 1, 2016  , as compared to the   six months ended     September 26, 2015  . 
  Foreign Currency Losses 
  We recognized foreign currency losses of   $1.3 million   during the   six months ended     October 1, 2016  , which were primarily related to net losses on revaluation and settlement of certain of our accounts payable in currencies other than the functional currency of the applicable reporting units, as well as the remeasurement of intercompany loans with certain of our subsidiaries.  The foreign currency losses of   $2.1 million   recorded during the   six months ended     September 26, 2015   were primarily comprised of $1.4 million of net losses related to changes in fair value of undesignated forward foreign currency exchange contracts, as well as net losses on revaluation and remeasurement of balances denominated in currencies other than the functional currency of the reporting units.  
  Provision for Income Taxes 
  We recognized   $81.2 million   of income tax expense during the   six months ended     October 1, 2016  , compared with   $151.0 million   for the   six months ended     September 26, 2015  . Our effective tax rate for the   six months ended     October 1, 2016  , was   20.9%  , compared to   29.1%   for the   six months ended     September 26, 2015  . The decrease in our effective tax rate was primarily due to the favorable effect of global financing activities, an increase in taxable income in certain of our non-U.S. subsidiaries (predominantly European operations), which are subject to lower statutory income tax rates, and state tax benefits recognized during the   six months ended     October 1, 2016  . Due to substantial international growth and expansion over the past several years and our Company being a U.K. tax resident, we expect the taxable income from our non-U.S. subsidiaries to continue to favorably impact our consolidated effective tax rate and believe that it is most appropriate to reconcile our effective tax rate to the UK Statutory tax rate. 
  Our effective tax rate may fluctuate from time to time due to the effects of changes in U.S. state and local taxes and tax rates in foreign jurisdictions. In addition, factors such as the geographic mix of earnings, enacted tax legislation and the results of various global tax strategies, may also impact our effective tax rate in future periods. 
  Net Loss Attributable to Noncontrolling Interest 
  On June 28, 2015, we obtained a controlling interest in MK Panama and began to consolidate its financial results in our operations. During the   six months ended     October 1, 2016   and   September 26, 2015  , we recorded a net losses attributable to the noncontrolling interest in MK Panama of   $1.0 million   and   0.3 million  , respectively. These losses represent the share of MK Panama's income that is not attributable to the Company. 
   Net Income Attributable to MKHL 
  As a result of the foregoing, our net income decreased   $59.5 million  , or   16.2%  , to   $308.0 million   during the   six months ended     October 1, 2016  , compared to   $367.5 million   for the   six months ended     September 26, 2015  . 
  
   39 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 
  Liquidity  
  Our primary sources of liquidity are the cash flows generated from our operations, along with borrowings available under our credit facilities (see below discussion regarding  Revolving Credit Facilities ) and available cash and cash equivalents. Our primary use of this liquidity is to fund our ongoing cash requirements, including working capital requirements, share repurchases, global retail store construction, expansion and renovation, expansion of our distribution and corporate facilities, construction and renovation of shop-in-shops, investment in information systems infrastructure  and other corporate activities. We believe that the cash generated from our operations, together with borrowings available under our revolving credit facility and available cash and cash equivalents, will be sufficient to meet our working capital needs for the next 12 months, including investments made and expenses incurred in connection with our store growth plans, shop-in-shop growth, investments in corporate and distribution facilities, continued systems development, e-commerce and marketing initiatives. We spent   $99.2 million   on capital expenditures during the   six months ended     October 1, 2016  , and expect to spend approximately $150 million on capital expenditures during the remainder of Fiscal   2017  . 
  The following table sets forth key indicators of our liquidity and capital resources (in millions): 

Cash Provided by Operating Activities 
  Cash provided by operating activities decreased   $47.9 million   to   $345.0 million   during the   six months ended     October 1, 2016  , as compared to   $392.9 million   for the   six months ended     September 26, 2015  . The decrease in cash flows from operating activities was primarily due to a decrease in our net income after non-cash adjustments, as well as a decrease related to changes in our working capital, which was primarily attributable to lower wholesale inventory purchases and shipments, as well as the timing of payments.  
  Cash Used in Investing Activities 
  Net cash used in investing activities increased   $383.0 million   to   $585.5 million   during the   six months ended     October 1, 2016  , as compared to   $202.5 million   during the   six months ended     September 26, 2015  . The decrease in cash was primarily attributable to   $480.6 million   in cash paid, net of cash acquired, in connection with our acquisition of the previously licensed business in Greater China during the   six months ended     October 1, 2016  , partially offset by lower capital expenditures of   $94.2 million  , due to lower corporate expenditures and the timing of payments. 
  Cash Used in Financing Activities 
  Net cash used in financing activities decreased   $466.0 million   to   $270.0 million   during the   six months ended     October 1, 2016   from   $736.0 million   during the   six months ended     September 26, 2015  , which was primarily attributable to increased borrowings under our 2015 Credit Facility of   $375.7 million  , net of debt repayments, and a decrease of   $96.4 million   in cash payments to repurchase our ordinary shares. 
  
   40 

Revolving Credit Facilities 
  Senior Unsecured Revolving Credit Facility 
  On   October 29, 2015  , we entered into an amended and restated senior unsecured revolving credit facility ("2015 Credit Facility") with, among others, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. ("JPMorgan Chase"), as administrative agent, which replaced our prior 2013 senior unsecured revolving credit facility ("2013 Credit Facility"). The Company and a U.S., Canadian, Dutch and Swiss subsidiary are the borrowers under the 2015 Credit Facility. The borrowers and certain of our material subsidiaries provide unsecured guarantees of the 2015 Credit Facility. The 2015 Credit Facility provides for up to   $1.0 billion   in borrowings, which may be denominated in U.S. Dollars and other currencies, including Euros, Canadian Dollars, Pounds Sterling, Japanese Yen and Swiss Francs. The 2015 Credit Facility also provides for the issuance of letters of credit of up to   $75.0 million   and swing line loans of up to   $50.0 million  . We have the ability to expand its borrowing availability under the 2015 Credit Facility by up to an additional   $500.0 million  , subject to the agreement of the participating lenders and certain other customary conditions. The 2015 Credit Facility expires on   October 29, 2020  .  
  Borrowings under the 2015 Credit Facility bear interest, at our option, at (i) for loans denominated in U.S. Dollars, an alternative base rate, which is the greater of the prime rate publicly announced from time to time by JPMorgan Chase, the greater of the federal funds effective rate or Federal Reserve Bank of New York overnight bank funding rate plus 50 basis points or the one-month London Interbank Offered Rate adjusted for statutory reserve requirements for Eurocurrency liabilities ("Adjusted LIBOR") plus 100 basis points, in each case, plus an applicable margin based on our leverage ratio; (ii) Adjusted LIBOR for the applicable interest period, plus an applicable margin based on our leverage ratio; (iii) for Canadian borrowings, the Canadian prime rate, which is the greater of the PRIMCAN Index rate or the rate applicable to one-month Canadian Dollar banker's acceptances quoted on Reuters ("CDOR") plus 100 basis points, plus an applicable margin based on our leverage ratio; or (iv) for Canadian borrowings, the average CDOR rate for the applicable interest period, plus an applicable margin based on our leverage ratio.  
  The 2015 Credit Facility requires us to maintain a leverage ratio at the end of each fiscal quarter of no greater than   3.5   to 1. Such leverage ratio is calculated as the ratio of the sum of total indebtedness as of the date of the measurement plus   6.0   times the consolidated rent expense for the last four consecutive fiscal quarters, to Consolidated EBITDAR for the last four consecutive fiscal quarters. Consolidated EBITDAR is defined as consolidated net income plus income tax expense, net interest expense, depreciation and amortization expense, consolidated rent expense and other non-cash charges, subject to certain deductions. The 2015 Credit Facility also includes covenants that limit additional indebtedness, guarantees, liens, acquisitions and other investments and cash dividends that are customary for financings of this type. As of   October 1, 2016  , the Company was in compliance with all covenants related to this agreement. 
  As of   October 1, 2016  , the Company had    337.0 million   (approximately   $378.6 million  ) in borrowings outstanding under the 2015 Credit Facility, which were recorded within short-term debt in its consolidated balance sheet as of   October 1, 2016  .  In addition, stand-by letters of credit of   $10.3 million   were outstanding as of   October 1, 2016  . There were   no   borrowings outstanding under the 2015 Credit Facility as of April 2, 2016. At   October 1, 2016  , the amount available for future borrowings was   $609.9 million  .  
  Please refer to Note 9 in the Company's Fiscal 2016 Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information about the Company's 2015 Credit Facility.  
  Hong Kong Credit Facility 
  Our subsidiary in Hong Kong, Michael Kors (HK) Limited, has an uncommitted credit facility ("HK Credit Facility") with HSBC (the "Bank"), which may be used to fund general working capital needs of Michael Kors (HK) Limited through   November 30, 2016  , subject to the Bank's discretion. The HK Credit Facility provides Michael Kors (HK) Limited with a revolving line of credit of up to   100.0 million   Hong Kong Dollars (approximately   $12.9 million  ), and may be used to support bank guarantees. In addition, this credit facility provides for a business card facility of up to   0.4 million   Hong Kong Dollars (less than   $0.1 million  ). Borrowings under the HK Credit Facility must be made in increments of at least   5.0 million   Hong Kong Dollars and bear interest at the Hong Kong Interbank Offered Rate ("HIBOR") plus 150 basis points. As of   October 1, 2016  , borrowings outstanding under the HK Credit Facility were   45.0 million   Hong Kong Dollars (approximately $  5.8 million  ), which were recorded within short-term debt in our consolidated balance sheet as of   October 1, 2016  . In addition, as of   October 1, 2016  , bank guarantees supported by this facility were   8.8 million   Hong Kong Dollars (approximately $  1.1 million  ). At   October 1, 2016  , the amount available for future borrowings under the Hong Kong Credit Facility was   46.2 million   Hong Kong Dollars (approximately $  6.0 million  ).  
  
   41 

Debt Obligations of MK Panama 
  Our consolidated balance sheet as of April 2, 2016 included   $2.3 million   in debt related to MK Panama, which was no longer outstanding as of   October 1, 2016  . 
  Share Repurchase Program 
  On May 25, 2016, our Board of Directors authorized a   $1.0 billion   share repurchase program, which replaced the remaining balance of our previous share repurchase program authorized on October 30, 2014. During the   six   months ended   October 1, 2016   and   September 26, 2015  , we repurchased   13,044,832   shares and   16,384,737   shares, respectively, at a cost of   $650.0 million   and   $750.0 million  , respectively, under our share-repurchase programs through open market transactions. As of   October 1, 2016  , the remaining availability under our new share repurchase program was   $350.0 million  . 
  We also have in place a  withhold to cover  repurchase program, which allows us to withhold ordinary shares from certain executive officers to satisfy minimum tax withholding obligations relating to the vesting of their restricted share awards. During the   six   month periods ended   October 1, 2016   and   September 26, 2015  , we withheld   99,739   shares and   22,540   shares, respectively, at a cost of   $4.7 million   and   $1.1 million  , respectively, in satisfaction of minimum tax withholding obligations relating to the vesting of restricted share awards. 
  Contractual Obligations and Commercial Commitments 
  Please refer to the  Contractual Obligations and Commercial Commitments  disclosure within the "Liquidity and Capital Resources" section of our Fiscal   2016   Form 10-K for a detailed disclosure of our other contractual obligations and commitments as of   April 2, 2016  . 
  Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
  We have not created, and are not party to, any special-purpose or off-balance sheet entities for the purpose of raising capital, incurring debt or operating our business. In addition to the commitments in the above table, our off-balance sheet commitments relating to our outstanding letters of credit were $10.8 million at   October 1, 2016  , including $0.5 million in letters of credit issued outside of the 2015 Credit Facility. In addition, as of   October 1, 2016  , bank guarantees of approximately   $1.1 million   were supported by the Hong Kong Credit Facility. We do not have any other off-balance sheet arrangements or relationships with entities that are not consolidated into our financial statements that have or are reasonably likely to have a material current or future effect on our financial condition, changes in financial condition, revenues, expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources. 
  Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
  Please refer to   Note 2   to the accompanying interim consolidated financial statements for recently issued accounting standards, which may have an impact on our financial statements and/or disclosures upon adoption. 
  
   42 

ITEM 3.  QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
  We are exposed to certain market risks during the normal course of our business, such as risk arising from fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates, as well as fluctuations in interest rates. In attempts to manage these risks, we employ certain strategies to mitigate the effect of these fluctuations. We enter into foreign currency forward contracts to manage our foreign currency exposure to the fluctuations of certain foreign currencies. The use of these instruments primarily helps to manage our exposure to our foreign purchase commitments and better control our product costs. We do not use derivatives for trading or speculative purposes. 
  Foreign Currency Exchange Risk 
  We are exposed to risks on certain purchase commitments to foreign suppliers based on the value of our purchasing subsidiaries local currency relative to the currency requirement of the supplier on the date of the commitment. As such, we enter into forward currency exchange contracts that generally mature in 12 months or less and are consistent with the related purchase commitments. These contracts are recorded at fair value in our consolidated balance sheets as either an asset or liability, and are derivative contracts to hedge cash flow risks. Certain of these contracts are designated as hedges for hedge accounting purposes, while certain of these contracts, currently a relatively small portion, are not designated as hedges for accounting purposes. Accordingly, the changes in the fair value of the majority of these contracts at the balance sheet date are recorded in our equity as a component of accumulated other comprehensive income, and upon maturity (settlement) are recorded in, or reclassified into, our cost of goods sold or operating expenses, in our consolidated statement of operations, as applicable to the transactions for which the forward currency exchange contracts were established. For those contracts which are designated as hedges for accounting purposes, any portion of those contracts deemed ineffective would be charged to earnings, in the period the ineffectiveness was determined. 
  We perform a sensitivity analysis on our forward currency contracts, both designated and not designated as hedges for accounting purposes, to determine the effects of fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates. For this sensitivity analysis, we assume a hypothetical change in U.S. dollar against foreign exchange rates. Based on all foreign currency exchange contracts outstanding as of   October 1, 2016  , a 10% appreciation or devaluation of the U.S. dollar compared to the level of foreign currency exchange rates for currencies under contract as of   October 1, 2016  , would result in a net increase or decrease of approximately $17.1 million in the fair value of these contracts. 
  Interest Rate Risk 
  We are exposed to interest rate risk in relation to borrowings outstanding under our 2015 Credit Facility and our Hong Kong Credit Facility. Our 2015 Credit Facility carries interest rates that are tied to LIBOR and the prime rate, among other institutional lending rates (depending on the particular origination of borrowing), as further described in   Note 8   to the accompanying consolidated financial statements. Our Hong Kong Credit Facility carries interest at a rate that is tied to the Hong Kong Interbank Offered Rate. Therefore, our statements of operations and cash flows are exposed to changes in those interest rates. At   October 1, 2016  , we had borrowings of   $378.6 million   outstanding under our 2015 Credit Facility and borrowings of approximately   $5.8 million   outstanding under our Hong Kong Credit Facility. These balances are not indicative of future balances that may be outstanding under our revolving credit facilities that may be subject to fluctuations in interest rates. Any increases in the applicable interest rate(s) would cause an increase to the interest expense relative to any outstanding balance at that date. 
  
   43 

ITEM 4.  CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
  Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
  An evaluation was performed under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer, or CEO, and Chief Financial Officer, or CFO, of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15(d)-15(e) under the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934 (the  Exchange Act )) as of   October 1, 2016  . This evaluation was performed based on the criteria set forth in   Internal Control Integrated Framework   issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO), the 2013 Framework. Based on this assessment, our CEO and CFO concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures as of   October 1, 2016   are effective to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified by the Securities and Exchange Commission s rules and forms, and is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our CEO and CFO, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures. 
  Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
  There have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting, other than described below, during the three months ended   October 1, 2016   that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
  Acquisition of Michael Kors (HK) Limited 
  On May 31, 2016, we acquired   100%   of the stock of Michael Kors (HK) Limited and its subsidiaries, our former licensees in the Greater China Region, which includes China, Hong Kong, Macau and Taiwan (please refer to Note 3 to the accompanying financial statements for additional information). We are in the process of evaluating the internal controls of the acquired business and integrating it into our existing operations.  
  
   44 

PART II   OTHER INFORMATION 

ITEM 1. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
  None. 
   
  ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
  In addition to the other information set forth in this report, you should carefully consider the factors discussed in Item 1A.  Risk Factors  in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended April 2, 2016, as amended and supplemented by the risk factor set forth in Item 1A. "Risk Factors" in our Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended July 2, 2016, which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition or future results. These risks are not the only risks that we face. Our business operations could also be affected by additional factors that are not presently known to us or that we currently consider to be immaterial to our operations. 
   
  ITEM 2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS 
  (c)   Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
  On May 25, 2016, the Company's Board of Directors authorized a new   $1.0 billion   share repurchase program, which replaced the remaining balance of the previous share repurchase program authorized on October 30, 2014. The Company also has in place a  withhold to cover  repurchase program, which allows the Company to withhold ordinary shares from certain executive officers to satisfy minimum tax withholding obligations relating to the vesting of their restricted share awards. 
  The following table provides information of the Company s ordinary shares repurchased during the three months ended   October 1, 2016  : 

ITEM 6. EXHIBITS 
  a. Exhibits 
  Please refer to the accompanying Exhibit Index included after the signature page of this report for a list of exhibits filed or furnished with this report. 
  
   45 

SIGNATURES 
  Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized on   November 10, 2016  . 

MICHAEL KORS HOLDINGS LIMITED 

By: 
    /s/ John D. Idol  
        
    Name: 
    John D. Idol 
        
    Title: 
    Chairman   Chief Executive Officer 

By: 
    /s/ Joseph B. Parsons 
        
    Name:  
    Joseph B. Parsons 
        
    Title: 
    Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, Chief Operating Officer and Treasurer 

46 

INDEX TO EXHIBITS 

Exhibit      No. 
      
    Description 

31.1 

Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002. 

31.2 

Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32.1 

Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32.2 

Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

101.1 

The following financial information from the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended October 1, 2016, formatted in eXtensible Business Reporting Language: (i) Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets, (ii) Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income, (iii) Consolidated Statements of Shareholders  Equity, (iv) Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, and (v) Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

47 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 kors10-q10012016ex311.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 

Exhibit 31.1 
  CERTIFICATIONS 
  I, John D. Idol, certify that: 
    
           1. 
    I have reviewed this Form 10-Q of Michael Kors Holdings Limited; 
              2. 
    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
              3. 
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this quarterly report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
              4. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and we have:  
              a) 
    Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;  
              b) 
    Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
              c) 
     Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
              d) 
    Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and  
              5. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent function): 
              a) 
    All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
              b) 
    Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
     Date: November 10, 2016 

By: 
    /s/ John D. Idol  
        
    John D. Idol 
        
    Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 kors10-q10012016ex312.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 

Exhibit 31.2 
  CERTIFICATIONS 
  I, Joseph B. Parsons, certify that: 
    
           1. 
    I have reviewed this Form 10-Q of Michael Kors Holdings Limited; 
              2. 
    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
              3. 
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this quarterly report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
              4. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and we have: 
              a) 
    Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
              b) 
    Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
              c) 
    Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
              d) 
    Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
              5. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent function): 
              a) 
    All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
              b) 
    Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
        Date: November 10, 2016 

By: 
    /s/ Joseph B. Parsons  
        
    Joseph B. Parsons 
        
    Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 kors10-q10012016ex321.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 

Exhibit 32.1 
  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
  In connection with this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Michael Kors Holdings Limited (the  Company ) for the quarter ended October 1, 2016 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, John D. Idol, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, hereby certify pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 
    
           (i) 
    The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 
              (ii) 
    The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of Michael Kors Holdings Limited. 
     Date: November 10, 2016 

/s/ John D. Idol  

John D. Idol 

Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

The foregoing certification is being furnished solely pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 and is not being filed as part of this Report. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 kors10-q10012016ex322.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

Exhibit 

Exhibit 32.2 
  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
  In connection with this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Michael Kors Holdings Limited (the  Company ) for the quarter ended October 1, 2016 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Joseph B. Parsons, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, hereby certify pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 
    
           (i) 
    The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 
              (ii) 
    The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of Michael Kors Holdings Limited. 
     Date: November 10, 2016 

/s/ Joseph B. Parsons  

Joseph B. Parsons 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial Officer) 

The foregoing certification is being furnished solely pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 and is not being filed as part of this Report. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 kors-20161001.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 kors-20161001.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 kors-20161001_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 kors-20161001_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 kors-20161001_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 kors-20161001_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

