<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161025_10-Q_edgar_data_1676580_0001615774-16-007743_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>1382870</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>55850</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>95115</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>280489</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>562442</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>354080</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>28</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001615774-16-007743.hdr.sgml : 20161025
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161025172744
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001615774-16-007743
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		35
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161025
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161025

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			H/Cell Energy Corp
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001676580
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	MISCELLANEOUS ELECTRICAL MACHINERY, EQUIPMENT & SUPPLIES [3690]
		IRS NUMBER:				474823945
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	333-212315
		FILM NUMBER:		161951096

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		97 RIVER ROAD
		CITY:			FLEMINGTON
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			08822
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(908) 837-9097

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		97 RIVER ROAD
		CITY:			FLEMINGTON
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			08822

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001615774-16-007743.txt : 20161025

10-Q
 1
 s104368_10q.htm
 10-Q

UNITED STATES  

  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION  

  Washington, D.C. 20549  

FORM 10-Q  

(Mark One) 

  x 
 QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934  

For the Quarterly Period Ended September
30, 2016  

or  

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934  

For the Transition Period from _________
to _________  

Commission file number: 333-212315  

H/CELL ENERGY CORPORATION  

  (Exact name of registrant as specified
in its charter)  

Nevada   
       
       47-4823945    
 
      (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization)  
       
      (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.)   

97 River Road, Flemington, NJ 08822   

 (Address of principal executive offices)
(zip code) 

(908) 837-9097   

 (Registrant s telephone number, including
area code) 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding
12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such
filing requirements for the past 90 days.    Yes      No
 x   (NOTE: Company has not been subject to the filing requirements for the past 90
days)  

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted
and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (  232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such
shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes  x    No

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company.  See the
definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer,  and  smaller reporting company 
in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer      
      Accelerated filer       
 
      Non-accelerated filer      
      Smaller reporting company  x    
 
      (Do not check if a smaller reporting company)  

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company
(as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes     No    x . 

As of October 24, 2016, there were 3,131,579 shares of registrant s
common stock outstanding. 

H/CELL ENERGY CORPORATION  

INDEX  

PART I   FINANCIAL INFORMATION  

ITEM 1. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

BALANCE SHEETS  

  AS OF SEPTEMBER 30, 2016 AND
DECEMBER 31, 2015  

See Accompanying Notes to Financial Statements  

H/CELL ENERGY CORPORATION  

STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS  

  FOR THE NINE MONTHS ENDED
SEPTEMBER 30, 2016 AND AUGUST 17, 2015 (DATE OF INCEPTION) TO SEPTEMBER 30, 2015  

See Accompanying Notes to Financial Statements  

H/CELL ENERGY CORPORATION  

STATEMENT OF STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY  

  FOR THE NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30,
2016  

See Accompanying Notes to Financial Statements  

H/CELL ENERGY CORPORATION  

STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS  

  FOR THE NINE MONTHS ENDED
SEPTEMBER 30, 2016 AND AUGUST 17, 2015 (DATE OF INCEPTION) TO SEPTEMBER 30, 2015  

See Accompanying Notes to Financial Statements  

H/CELL ENERGY CORPORATION  

  NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

  SEPTEMBER 30, 2016 AND 2015 (UNAUDITED)  

1.    ORGANIZATION AND LINE OF BUSINESS  

H/Cell Energy Corporation (the
 Company ) was incorporated in the state of Nevada on August 17, 2015. The Company, based in Flemington, N.J., is a
start-up company whose principal operations consist of designing and installing hydrogen energy systems. 

The Company has developed a hydrogen
energy system for residential and commercial use designed to create electricity. This unique system uses renewable energy as its
source for hydrogen production. It functions as a self-sustaining clean energy system. It can be configured as an off grid solution
for all electricity needs or it can be connected to the grid to generate energy credits. Its production of hydrogen is truly eco-friendly,
as it is not produced by the use of fossil fuels. It is a revolutionary green-energy concept that is safe, renewable, self-sustaining
and cost effective. 

2.    SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES  

Basis of Presentation  

The accompanying financial statements
have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ( GAAP )
and cover the nine months ended September 30, 2016. 

Use of Estimates  

The preparation of financial
statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to make
estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities
at the date of the financial statements, and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual
results could differ from those estimates. The Company bases its estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions
that are believed to be reasonable in the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying
values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates
under different assumptions or conditions. 

Revenue Recognition  

Revenues and related costs on
construction contracts are recognized using the  percentage of completion method  of accounting in accordance with
ASC 605-35, Accounting for Performance of Construction-Type and Certain Production Type Contracts. Under this method, contract
revenues and related expenses are recognized over the performance period of the contract in direct proportion to the costs incurred
as a percentage of total estimated costs for the entirety of the contract. Costs include direct material, direct labor, subcontract
labor and any allocable indirect costs. All un-allocable indirect costs and corporate general and administrative costs are charged
to the periods as incurred. 

Revisions in cost and profit
estimates during the course of the contract are reflected in the accounting period in which the facts, which require the revision,
become known. Provisions for estimated losses on uncompleted contracts are made in the period in which such losses are determined.
Changes in job performance, job conditions, and estimated profitability, including those arising from contract penalty provisions,
and final contract settlements may result in revisions to costs and income and are recognized in the period in which the revisions
are determined. 

Cash and Cash Equivalents  

Cash and cash equivalents includes
cash in bank and money market funds as well as other highly liquid investments with an original maturity of three months or less.
The Company had no cash equivalents as of September 30, 2016. At times during the nine months ended September 30, 2016, balances
exceeded the FDIC insurance limit of $250,000. 

H/CELL ENERGY CORPORATION  

  NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

  SEPTEMBER 30, 2016 AND 2015 (UNAUDITED)  

Website Development Costs  

In accordance with FASB Accounting
Standards Codification ( ASC ) 350, Website Development Costs, website development is segregated into three stages
or activities. During the initial, or planning stage, all related costs were expensed as incurred. The second phase was the development
of the site, which included costs incurred for web application and infrastructure, as well as graphics development. Costs incurred
during the second phase were capitalized and then amortized when the website was ready for its intended use. Stage three consisted
of costs incurred for post-implementation work, such as security, training and administration. Such costs incurred during this
phase were expensed as incurred. Expenditures for additional upgrades and features once the website was launched are capitalized
if the upgrades and enhancements furnish additional functionality; otherwise, such costs are expensed as incurred. 

Website development costs that
have been capitalized will be amortized, using the straight-line method, over an estimated useful life of five years. The site
launched in January of 2016. 

Research and Development
Costs  

Research and development costs
are expensed as incurred. These costs consist primarily of consulting fees, salaries and direct payroll related costs. 

Income Taxes  

The Company uses the asset and
liability method of accounting for income taxes pursuant to FASB ASC 740,  Income Taxes . Under this method, deferred tax
assets and liabilities are recognized for the future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statement
carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases. Deferred tax assets, including tax loss and
credit carryforwards, and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in
which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of
a change in tax rates is recognized in income in the period that includes the enactment date. Deferred income tax expense represents
the change during the period in the deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities. The components of the deferred tax assets
and liabilities are individually classified as current and non-current based on their characteristics. Deferred tax assets are
reduced by a valuation allowance when it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be
realized. 

The determination of the Company s
provision for income taxes requires significant judgment, the use of estimates, and the interpretation and application of complex
tax laws. Significant judgment is required in assessing the timing and amounts of deductible and taxable items and the probability
of sustaining uncertain tax positions. The benefits of uncertain tax positions are recorded in the Company s financial statements
only after determining a more-likely-than-not probability that the uncertain tax positions will withstand challenge, if any, from
taxing authorities. When facts and circumstances change, the Company reassesses these probabilities and records any changes in
the financial statements as appropriate. Accrued interest and penalties related to income tax matters are classified as a component
of income tax expense. 

The Company recognizes and measures
its unrecognized tax benefits in accordance with FASB ASC 740. Under that guidance, management assesses the likelihood that tax
positions will be sustained upon examination based on the facts, circumstances and information, including the technical merits
of those positions, available at the end of each period. The measurement of unrecognized tax benefits is adjusted when new information
is available, or when an event occurs that requires a change. 

The Company did not identify any material
uncertain tax positions.  The Company did not recognize any interest or penalties for unrecognized tax benefits. 

The federal income tax returns of
the Company are subject to examination by the IRS, generally for the three years after they are filed. The Company's 2015 return
is still open for examination by the taxing authorities. 

There
was no provision for income taxes for the nine months ended September 30, 2016. 

Fair Value of Financial
Instruments   

The carrying
value of cash and cash equivalents, accounts payable and accrued liabilities, and short-term borrowings, as reflected in the balance
sheets, approximate fair value because of the short-term maturity of these instruments. All other significant financial assets,
financial liabilities and equity instruments of the Company are either recognized or disclosed in the financial statements together
with other information relevant for making a reasonable assessment of future cash flows, interest rate risk and credit risk. Where
practicable the fair values of financial assets and financial liabilities have been determined and disclosed; otherwise only available
information pertinent to fair value has been disclosed. 

H/CELL ENERGY CORPORATION  

  NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

  SEPTEMBER 30, 2016 AND 2015 (UNAUDITED)  

Net
Income (Loss) Per Common Share   

The Company computes
basic net income (loss) per share by dividing net income (loss) per share available to common stockholders by the weighted average
number of common shares outstanding for the period and excludes the effects of any potentially dilutive securities. Diluted earnings
per share, if presented, would include the dilution that would occur upon the exercise or conversion of all potentially dilutive
securities into common stock using the  treasury stock  and/or  if converted  methods as applicable. The
computation of basic and diluted loss per share excludes potentially dilutive securities because their inclusion would be anti-dilutive. Potentially-dilutive
securities excluded from the computation of basic and diluted net loss per share for the quarter ended September 30, 2016 are as
follows: 

3.    RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS  

The Company s current office
space consists of approximately 800 square feet, which is donated to it from one of its executive officers. There is no lease agreement
and the Company pays no rent. 

Effective February 4, 2016, the
Company sold 526,316 shares of common stock to Reza Enterprises, Inc., an entity beneficially owned by Rezaul Karim. In connection
with, and as a condition of closing, the Company agreed to appoint Rezaul Karim to its Board. 

In June 2016, the Company entered
into a contract with Rezaul Karim, one of its directors, for the installation of an HC-1 system. As a result of recent project
changes by the customer, the system installation is expected to commence in late 2016, with revised permits expected to be submitted
in October. The Company intends to subcontract the installation of the system to Renewable Energy Holdings LLC ( REH ),
a company owned by Mike Strizki, one of the Company s executive officers. James Strizki, one of the Company s executive
officers and director, is vice president of operations at REH. 

The Company has entered into
agreements to indemnify its directors and executive officers, in addition to the indemnification provided for in the Company s
articles of incorporation and bylaws. These agreements, among other things, provide for indemnification of the Company s
directors and executive officers for certain expenses (including attorneys  fees), judgments, fines and settlement amounts
incurred by any such person in any action or proceeding, including any action by or in the right of the Company, arising out of
such person s services as a director or executive officer of the Company, any subsidiary of the Company or any other company
or enterprise to which the person provided services at the Company s request. The Company believes that these provisions
and agreements are necessary to attract and retain qualified persons as directors and executive officers. 

4.    STOCK OPTIONS AWARDS AND GRANTS  

There is not a viable market
for the Company s common stock to determine its fair value, therefore management is required to estimate the fair value to
be utilized in the determining stock-based compensation costs.  In estimating the fair value, management considered recent
sales of its common stock to independent qualified investors. Considerable management judgment is necessary to estimate the fair
value.  Accordingly, actual results could vary significantly from management s estimates 

On March 10, 2016, the Company s
Board of Directors approved the 2016 Incentive Stock Option Plan (the  2016 Plan ). The Plan provides for the issuance
of options to purchase up to 2,500,000 shares of the Company s common stock to officers, directors, employees and consultants
of the Company. Under the terms of the Plan the Company may issue Incentive Stock Options as defined by the Internal Revenue Code
to employees of the Company only and non-statutory options. The Board of Directors of the Company determines the exercise price,
vesting and expiration period (not to exceed 10 years) of the grants under the Plan. However, the exercise price of an Incentive
Stock Option should not be less than 110% of fair value of the common stock at the date of the grant for a 10% or more stockholder
and 100% of fair value for a grantee who is not 10% stockholder. The fair value of the common stock is determined based on quoted
market price or in absence of such quoted market price, by the Board of Directors in good faith. 

H/CELL ENERGY CORPORATION  

  NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

  SEPTEMBER 30, 2016 AND 2015 (UNAUDITED)  

As of September 30, 2016, the
Company granted an aggregate of 1,000,000 non-statutory options to a director and key employees. 

A summary of the stock option activity
and related information for the 2016 Plan from August 17, 2015 (date of inception) to September 30, 2016 is as follows: 

The aggregate intrinsic value
in the preceding table represents the total pretax intrinsic value, based on options with an exercise price less than the Company s
estimated market stock price of $0.3958 as of September 30, 2016, which would have been received by the option holders had those
option holders exercised their options as of that date. 

Option valuation models require
the input of highly subjective assumptions. The fair value of stock-based payment awards was estimated using the Black-Scholes
option model with a volatility figure derived from an index of historical stock prices of comparable entities until sufficient
data exists to estimate the volatility using the Company s own historical stock prices. Management determined this assumption
to be a more accurate indicator of value. 

The Company accounts for the
expected life of options based on the contractual life of options for non-employees and for non-statutory options granted to employees.
For incentive options granted to employees, the Company accounts for the expected life in accordance with the  simplified 
method, which is used for  plain-vanilla  options, as defined in the accounting standards codification. The risk-free
interest rate was determined from the implied yields of U.S. Treasury zero-coupon bonds with a remaining life consistent with the
expected term of the options.  The fair value of stock-based payment awards during  the
six months  ended June 30, 2016 was estimated using the Black-Scholes pricing model. 

During the nine months ended
September 30, 2016, the Company granted an aggregate of 1,000,000 options to purchase shares of the Company s common stock
in connection with the services rendered at the exercise price of $0.01 per share for a term of five years, vesting immediately,
and have approximate fair value of $387,450. 

H/CELL ENERGY CORPORATION  

  NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

  SEPTEMBER 30, 2016 AND 2015 (UNAUDITED)  

The fair value of the granted
options for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was determined using the Black Scholes option pricing model with the following
assumptions: 

The following table presents information
related to stock options at September 30, 2016: 

The fair value of all options
vesting during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 of $387,450 was charged to current period operations.  As of
September 30, 2016, there was no unrecognized compensation expense. 

ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION
AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS  

This Management's
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations includes a number of forward-looking statements that reflect
Management's current views with respect to future events and financial performance. You can identify these statements by forward-looking
words such as  may,   will,   expect,   anticipate,   believe,   estimate 
and  continue,  or similar words. Those statements include statements regarding the intent, belief or current expectations
of us and members of our management team as well as the assumptions on which such statements are based. Prospective investors are
cautioned that any such forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve risk and uncertainties,
and that actual results may differ materially from those contemplated by such forward-looking statements.  

Readers are urged
to carefully review and consider the various disclosures made by us in this report and in our other reports filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission. Important factors currently known to Management could cause actual results to differ materially from those
in forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to update or revise forward-looking statements to reflect changed assumptions,
the occurrence of unanticipated events or changes in the future operating results over time. We believe that our assumptions are
based upon reasonable data derived from and known about our business and operations. No assurances are made that actual results
of operations or the results of our future activities will not differ materially from our assumptions. Factors that could cause
differences include, but are not limited to, expected market demand for our products, fluctuations in pricing for materials, and
competition.  

Business Overview  

We were formed in August
2015 to expand upon the successful implementation of a solar hydrogen energy system used to completely power a residence or commercial
property with clean energy so that it can run independent of the utility grid and also provide energy to the utility grid for monetary
credits. This unique system uses renewal energy as its source for hydrogen production. We believe that it is a revolutionary green-energy
concept that is safe, renewable, self-sustaining and cost effective. 

There are great benefits
to hydrogen energy. The use of hydrogen as a fuel produces no carbon dioxide or other greenhouse gases. Unlike fossil fuels, the
only emissions from hydrogen fuel are chemically pure water and oxygen. Hydrogen can be extracted from water using renewable energy
from the sun and unlike batteries, hydrogen energy can be stored indefinitely. There is no drilling, fracking or mining required
to produce hydrogen energy. We believe it is safe and efficient, and the cleanest energy source on the planet. 

We have succeeded in
developing a hydrogen energy system designed to create electricity that is generated by renewable solar energy. We call the solar
hydrogen energy system the HC-1. The HC-1 system functions as a self-sustaining renewable energy system. It can be configured as
an off grid solution for all your electricity needs or it can be connected to the grid to generate energy credits. Its production
of hydrogen is truly eco-friendly, as it is not produced by the use of fossil fuels. It is a system comprised of solar modules,
inverters, batteries, a hydrogen generator, a fuel cell and a hydrogen storage tank. 

When there is solar
power, the solar modules produce renewable energy that is collected through a solar inverter, which charges a bank of batteries
through a battery inverter. After the batteries are fully charged, the excess electricity is then combined with water through a
hydrogen generator that extracts the hydrogen from the water in a gasified state, which is safely transferred to the hydrogen tank
and stored for later use. If the tank is full, excess electricity is sent from the batteries through the battery inverter to the
utility grid, which results in energy credits for the system owner. 

The HC-1 system is
connected to the residential or commercial property through the inverters. The electricity is always provided by the charged batteries.
If there is no solar power to charge the batteries, the system keeps the batteries fully charged by using hydrogen stored in the
tank, which processed through a fuel cell, creates the electricity. As the system is able to produce hydrogen, that keeps the hydrogen
tank full, it provides a continuous supply of clean energy and sustainability that is independent from the grid. 

Each HC-1 system is
custom designed to accommodate the electrical loads for an end user. The system is completely scalable. Typically, one HC-1 standard
system configuration with a solar modules and a large tank for hydrogen storage can provide 40 kWh per day, which is the average
amount of electricity utilized by homes in the U.S. If the customer is connected to the electric grid, energy production that is
converted to hydrogen in excess of the amount stored in the hydrogen tank is transferred to the local electric company, creating
energy credits. 

If a customer wishes
to connect our system to the electrical grid in order to generate renewable energy credits, the customer needs to obtain interconnection
agreements from the applicable local primary electricity utility. In our experience, there has not been any cost involved in obtaining
an interconnection agreement, but as the requirements are determined on a local basis, it may be possible that some nominal costs
are involved in connection with the process. If the customer obtains an interconnection agreement, once the HC-1 system is operational,
the HC-1 system end user can eliminate their electric bill and, if in a permissible state, can begin generating SRECs. In certain
states, an end user receives one SREC for each 1,000 kWh produced through renewal energy. The customer sells these SRECs to a broker
who in turn sells the credits to a utility company so that the utility company can demonstrate their compliance with the regulatory
obligations to reduce greenhouse gas emissions. The price per SREC can vary depending on supply and demand, but on average, SRECs
sells for $250. Many other states that may not offer an SREC program, do offer other cash incentives for renewable energy systems. 

Current Operating Trends  

Currently, our employees
are licensed to install our HC-1 systems in the State of New Jersey. We intend to aggressively grow our business, both organically
and through strategic acquisitions. We intend to acquire companies with licensed contractors in various states and regions, which
will allow us to expand the territories in which we can install our systems. These acquired companies will also provide us with
a consistent revenue stream, a customer base for marketing our HC-1 systems and technicians. Initially, we intend to focus on states
or countries whose government supports a regulatory standard requiring its utility companies to increase their production of energy
from renewable energy sources. These governments have established various incentives and financial mechanisms to accelerate and
promote the use of renewable energy sources. Currently, many states comply with regulatory standards including New Jersey, Massachusetts,
Pennsylvania, Maryland, Ohio, Delaware, North Carolina, Virginia, Kentucky, West Virginia, Michigan, Indiana, Illinois as well
as the District of Columbia. In addition, countries such as the United Kingdom, Australia, Italy, Poland, Sweden, Belgium and Chile
have adopted regulatory standards. The list is expanding each year. 

We have received requests
for and provided quotations on the cost for our HC-1 systems and believe that we will design and install 12 hydrogen energy systems
over the next 18 months. We signed our first contract in June 2016 for the installation of our first HC-1 system. The contract
was with Rezaul Karim, one of our directors. As a result of recent project changes by the customer, the system installation is
expected to commence in late 2016, with revised permits expected to be submitted in October.   We currently receive approximately
30 inquiries a month from potential customers and have two quotes currently outstanding, which are in addition to the one existing
contract discussed above. In addition, all leads are coming from word of mouth, and we anticipate that as we start to market our
services, that will lead to more potential customers. Other than the existing contract, no inquiries or outstanding quotes are
from or with related parties. 

We are also searching
for suitable acquisition targets that will complement our services, create revenue production, allow us to expand our sales and
technical staff and provide us with a larger customer base to pursue with greater geographic coverage. As of the date of this quarterly
report, we have no written agreements or understandings to acquire any companies and no assurances can be given that we will identify
or successfully acquire any other companies. 

Results of Operations  

For the Nine Months Ended September
30, 2016 and the period August 17, 2015 (date of inception) to September 30, 2015   

Revenue and Cost of Revenue  

We had $1,500 of revenue
and $1,500 for cost of revenue during the nine months ended September 30, 2016. This was related to a land survey for our first
HC-1 installation project as discussed above. We had no revenue or cost of revenue for the period August 17, 2015 (date of inception)
to September 30, 2015. 

General and Administrative Expenses  

During the nine months
ended September 30, 2016, our general and administrative expenses were $529,764. We granted an aggregate of 1,000,000 options to
purchase our common stock in connection with the services rendered, at the exercise price of $0.01 per share for a term of five
years, vesting immediately, and having a fair value of $387,450. Research and development expenses were $2,000 for improvements
to our HC-1 system. Professional fees of $112,588 consisted of legal and accounting fees incurred in connection with capital raising
activities and audit related expenses. Consulting/dues and subscription fees were $10,696, which pertained to EDGAR fees, an application
fee to the OTC Markets, Inc., along with miscellaneous annual business subscriptions and renewals. We incurred $15,965 of travel
and entertainment, business meals, investor relations and promotional expenses related to potential customer site visits along
with a promotional Earth Day Texas event in Dallas, Texas. We incurred a New Jersey state tax of $509. In addition, we incurred
$54 of office supplies and postage, bank fees of $52 and depreciation of $450. 

During the period August
17, 2015 (date of inception) to September 30, 2015, our general and administrative expenses were $275, which was related to office
supplies. 

Net Loss  

As a result of the
foregoing, we had a net loss of $529,764 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and a net loss of $275 for the period August
17, 2015 (date of inception) to September 30, 2015. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources  

As of September 30,
2016, we had working capital of $349,516, comprised of cash and cash equivalents. We had no current liabilities at September 30,
2016. For the nine months ended September 30, 2016, we used $144,264 of cash in operating activities, which represented our net
loss of $529,764 and $2,400 of changes in accounts payable, offset by $450 of depreciation and $387,450 of stock-based compensation.
For the nine months ended September 30, 2016, we had $444,580 of net cash provided by financing activities, which represented $450,000
of proceeds through the sale of shares of common stock, offset by $5,420 due to stockholders. We did not have any cash used in
investing activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2016. 

Cash used in operations
for the period August 17, 2015 (date of inception) to September 30, 2015 was $0, which represented our net loss of $275, which
was offset by $275 of changes in accounts payable and accrued expenses. For the period August 17, 2015 (date of inception) to September
30, 2015, we had cash from financing activities of $400 from the sale of shares of common stock. We did not have any cash used
in investing activities for the period August 17, 2015 (date of inception) to September 30, 2015. 

We expect to incur
losses from operations for the near future. We expect to incur expenses related to compliance for being a public company and travel
related to visiting potential customer sites. We expect that our general and administrative expenses will increase in the future
as we expand our business development, add infrastructure and incur additional costs related to being a public company, including
incremental audit fees, investor relations programs and increased professional services. 

Our future capital
requirements will depend on a number of factors, including the progress of our sales and marketing of our services, the timing
and outcome of potential acquisitions, the costs involved in operating as a public reporting company, the status of competitive
services, the availability of financing and our success in developing markets for our services. When we enter into contacts with
customers, they will be required to make payments in tranches, including a payment after a contract is executed but prior to commencement
of the project. We believe our existing cash, together with revenue generated by future projects under tranche payment plans, will
be sufficient to fund our operating expenses and capital equipment requirements for at least the next 12 months. 

We presently do not
have any available credit, bank financing or other external sources of liquidity. Due to our brief history and historical operating
losses, our operations have not been a source of liquidity. We may need to obtain additional capital in order to expand operations
and fund our activities. Future financing may include the issuance of equity or debt securities, obtaining credit facilities, or
other financing mechanisms. Even if we are able to raise the funds if required, it is possible that we could incur unexpected costs
and expenses, fail to collect significant amounts owed to us, or experience unexpected cash requirements that would force us to
seek alternative financing. Furthermore, if we issue additional equity or debt securities, stockholders may experience additional
dilution or the new equity securities may have rights, preferences or privileges senior to those of existing holders of our common
stock. If additional financing is not available or is not available on acceptable terms, we may be required to delay, reduce the
scope of or eliminate our marketing and business development services. 

December 2015 Private Placement    

On December 29, 2015, we sold 105,263 shares
of common stock to one accredited investor for gross proceeds of $50,000. 

February 2016 Private Placement    

Effective February
4, 2016, we sold 526,316 shares of common stock to one accredited investor for gross proceeds of $200,000. 

June 2016 Private Placement    

Effective June 16,
2016, we sold 500,000 shares of common stock to 52 accredited investors for gross proceeds of $250,000. 

Critical Accounting Policies  

Our discussion and
analysis of our financial condition and results of operations are based on our financial statements, which have been prepared in
accordance with U.S. GAAP. The preparation of these financial statements requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect
our reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses. On an ongoing basis, we evaluate our estimates and judgments,
including those related to accrued expenses and stock-based compensation. We based our estimates on historical experience and on
various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making
judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses that are not readily
apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates. 

We believe the following
critical accounting policies affect our more significant judgments and estimates used in the preparation of our consolidated financial
statements. 

Cash and Cash Equivalents   

Cash and cash equivalents
includes cash in bank and money market funds as well as other highly liquid investments with an original maturity of three months
or less. 

Website Development Costs   

In accordance with
FASB Accounting Standards Codification ( ASC ) 350, Website Development Costs, website development is segregated into
three stages or activities. During the initial, or planning stage, all related costs are expensed as incurred. The second phase
is the development of the site, which include costs incurred for web application and infrastructure, as well as graphics development.
Costs incurred during the second phase are capitalized and then amortized when the website is ready for its intended use. Stage
three consists of costs incurred for post-implementation work, such as security, training and administration. Such costs incurred
during this phase are expensed as incurred. Expenditures for additional upgrades and features once the website is launched are
capitalized if the upgrades and enhancements furnish additional functionality; otherwise, such costs are expensed as incurred. 

Website development
costs which have been capitalized will be amortized, using the straight-line method, over an estimated useful life of five years,
commencing when the site is launched. 

Research and Development Costs   

Research and development
costs are expensed as incurred. These costs consist primarily of consulting fees, salaries and direct payroll related costs. 

Stock-Based Compensation   

We measure the cost
of services received in exchange for an award of equity instruments based on the fair value of the award. For employees and directors,
the fair value of the award is measured on the grant date and for non-employees, the fair value of the award is generally re-measured
on vesting dates and interim financial reporting dates until the service period is complete. The fair value amount is then recognized
over the period during which services are required to be provided in exchange for the award, usually the vesting period. 

As of September 30,
2016, we had 1,000,000 options outstanding to purchase shares of common stock, of which all were vested. 

As of December 31,
2015, we had -0- options outstanding to purchase shares of common stock. 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements  

On June 19, 2014, we
adopted the amendment to (Topic 718)  Stock Compensation :  Accounting for Share-Based Payments  when
the terms of an award provide that a performance target could be achieved after the requisite service period. The amendment for
accounting for share based payments, when an award provides that a performance target that affects vesting could be achieved after
an employee completes the requisite service period shall be accounted for as a performance condition. The performance target shall
not be reflected in estimating the fair value of the award at the grant date, and compensation cost shall be recognized in the
period in which it becomes probable that the performance target will be achieved and will represent the compensation cost attributable
to the period(s) for which the requisite service has already been rendered. If the performance target becomes probable of being
achieved before the end of the requisite service period, the remaining unrecognized compensation cost shall be recognized prospectively
over the remaining requisite service period. The total amount of compensation cost recognized during and after the requisite service
period shall reflect the number of awards that are expected to vest and shall be adjusted to reflect the awards that ultimately
vest. We do not believe the accounting standards currently adopted will have a material effect on the accompanying condensed financial
statements. 

In May 2014, the FASB
issued ASU No. 2014-09,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers  (Topic 606). This ASU provides guidance for revenue
recognition and affects any entity that either enters into contracts with customers to transfer goods or services or enters into
contracts for the transfer of nonfinancial assets and supersedes the revenue recognition requirements in Topic 605,  Revenue
Recognition,  and most industry specific guidance. The standard s core principle is the recognition of revenue when
a company transfers promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which we expect to
be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. In doing so, companies will need to use more judgment and make more estimates
than under the current guidance. These may include identifying performance obligations in the contract, estimating the amount of
variable consideration to include in the transaction price and allocating the transaction price to each separate performance obligation.
In August 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-14,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers  (Topic 606): Deferral of the Effective
Date, which deferred the effective date of ASU 2014-09 to fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017, including interim reporting
periods within that reporting period. Early adoption is permitted for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2016. We are currently
evaluating the method and impact the adoption of ASU 2014-09 will have on our consolidated financial statements and disclosures. 

In April 2015, the
FASB issued ASU 2015-03,  Simplifying the Presentation of Debt Issuance Costs  this Update as part of its initiative
to reduce complexity in accounting standards (the Simplification Initiative). The Board received feedback that having different
balance sheet presentation requirements for debt issuance costs and debt discount and premium creates unnecessary complexity. Recognizing
debt issuance costs as a deferred charge (that is, an asset) also is different from the guidance in International Financial Reporting
Standards (IFRS), which requires that transaction costs be deducted from the carrying value of the financial liability and not
recorded as separate assets. Additionally, the requirement to recognize debt issuance costs as deferred charges conflicts with
the guidance in FASB Concepts Statement No. 6, Elements of Financial Statements, which states that debt issuance costs are similar
to debt discounts and in effect reduce the proceeds of borrowing, thereby increasing the effective interest rate. Concepts Statement
6 further states that debt issuance costs cannot be an asset because they provide no future economic benefit. To simplify presentation
of debt issuance costs, the amendments in this Update require that debt issuance costs related to a recognized debt liability be
presented in the balance sheet as a direct deduction from the carrying amount of that debt liability, consistent with debt discounts.
The recognition and measurement guidance for debt issuance costs are not affected by the amendments in this Update. For public
business entities, the amendments in this Update are effective for financial statements issued for fiscal years beginning after
December 15, 2015, and interim periods within those fiscal years. For all other entities, the amendments in this Update are effective
for financial statements issued for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2015, and interim periods within fiscal years beginning
after December 15, 2016. We are currently evaluating the effects of adopting this ASU, if it is deemed to be applicable. 

ITEM 3 - QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE
DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK  

Not required under
Regulation S-K for  smaller reporting companies.  

ITEM 4 - CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES  

Evaluation of disclosure controls and
procedures.  

Our management, with
the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls
and procedures pursuant to Rule 13a-15 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 as of the end of the period covered by this Quarterly
Report on Form 10-Q. In designing and evaluating the disclosure controls and procedures, management recognizes that any controls
and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control
objectives. In addition, the design of disclosure controls and procedures must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints
and that management is required to apply its judgment in evaluating the benefits of possible controls and procedures relative to
their costs. 

Based on our evaluation,
our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that, as of September 30, 2016, our disclosure controls and procedures
are designed at a reasonable assurance level and are effective to provide reasonable assurance that information we are required
to disclose in reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the
time periods specified in SEC rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including
our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

Changes in internal control over financial
reporting.  

There were no changes
in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the quarter ended September 30, 2016 that have materially
affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.  

PART II - OTHER INFORMATION  

Item 1. Legal Proceedings  

We are currently not
a party to any material legal proceedings or claims. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors  

Not required under
Regulation S-K for  smaller reporting companies.  

Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity
Securities and Use of Proceeds   

None. 

Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities  

None. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures  

None. 

Item 5. Other Information  

None. 

Item 6. Exhibits  

SIGNATURES  

Pursuant to the requirements
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned
thereunto duly authorized. 

H/CELL ENERGY CORPORATION    

Date: October 25, 2016  
      By:  
      /s/ ANDREW HIDALGO   

Andrew Hidalgo   

Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive 
         Officer)   

Date: October 25, 2016  
      By:  
      /s/ MATTHEW HIDALGO   

Matthew Hidalgo   

Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer 
         and Principal Accounting Officer)   

<EX-31.01>
 2
 s104368_ex31-01.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.01

EXHIBIT 31.01 

CERTIFICATION 

I, Andrew Hidalgo, certify that: 

1.  I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of H/Cell Energy Corporation;   

2.  Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or
omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements
were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;   

3.  Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this
report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant
as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;   

4.  The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial
reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:   

(a)  Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures
to be designed under our supervision to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated
subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being
prepared;   

(b)  Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial
reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting
and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;   

(c)  Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented
in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered
by this report based on such evaluation; and   

(d)  Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting
that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case
of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting; and   

5.  The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent
evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s
board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):   

(a)  All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control
over financial reporting which are reasonable likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize
and report financial information; and   

(b)  Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant
role in the registrant s internal controls over financial reporting.   

Date: October 25, 2016 

/s/ ANDREW HIDALGO  

Andrew Hidalgo  

Chief Executive Officer  

</EX-31.01>

<EX-31.02>
 3
 s104368_ex31-02.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.02

EXHIBIT 31.02 

CERTIFICATION 

I, Matthew Hidalgo, certify that: 

1.  I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of H/Cell Energy Corporation;   

2.  Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or
omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements
were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;   

3.  Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this
report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant
as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;   

4.  The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial
reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:   

(a)  Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures
to be designed under our supervision to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated
subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being
prepared;   

(b)  Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial
reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting
and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;   

(c)  Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented
in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered
by this report based on such evaluation; and   

(d)  Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting
that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case
of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting; and   

5.  The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent
evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s
board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):   

(a)  All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control
over financial reporting which are reasonable likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize
and report financial information; and   

(b)  Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant
role in the registrant s internal controls over financial reporting.   

Date: October 25, 2016 

/s/ MATTHEW HIDALGO  

Matthew Hidalgo  

Chief Financial Officer  

</EX-31.02>

<EX-32.01>
 4
 s104368_ex32-01.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.01

Exhibit 32.01 

CERTIFICATIONS OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER
AND CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER  

  PURSUANT TO   

  18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,   

  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO   

  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT
OF 2002   

I, Andrew Hidalgo,
certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that
the Quarterly Report of H/Cell Energy Corporation on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2016 fully complies with
the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and that information contained in this Quarterly
Report on Form 10-Q fairly presents in all material respects the financial condition and results of operations of H/Cell Energy
Corporation. 

By:  

/s/ ANDREW HIDALGO   
 
      Date: October 25, 2016  
       
      Name:  
       
      Andrew Hidalgo   

Title:  
       
       Chief Executive Officer    

I, Matthew Hidalgo,
certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that
the Quarterly Report of H/Cell Energy Corporation on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2016 fully complies with
the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and that information contained in this Quarterly
Report on Form 10-Q fairly presents in all material respects the financial condition and results of operations of H/Cell Energy
Corporation. 

By:  

/s/ MATTHEW HIDALGO   
 
      Date: October 25, 2016  
       
      Name:  
       
      Matthew Hidalgo   

Title:  
       
       Chief Financial Officer    

</EX-32.01>

<EX-101.INS>
 5
 cik0001676580-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE FILE

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 cik0001676580-20160930.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 cik0001676580-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 cik0001676580-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 cik0001676580-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 cik0001676580-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

