<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161031_10-Q_edgar_data_99250_0000099250-16-000024_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>2638168</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>67489</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>180522</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>743633</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1120977</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>469561</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>12</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000099250-16-000024.hdr.sgml : 20161031
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161031164032
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000099250-16-000024
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		38
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161031
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161031

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			TRANSCONTINENTAL GAS PIPE LINE COMPANY, LLC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000099250
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	NATURAL GAS TRANSMISSION [4922]
		IRS NUMBER:				741079400
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-07584
		FILM NUMBER:		161962097

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2800 POST OAK BLVD
		STREET 2:		PO BOX 1396
		CITY:			HOUSTON
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			77251
		BUSINESS PHONE:		7132152000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2800 POST OAK BLVD
		STREET 2:		PO BOX 1396
		CITY:			HOUSTON
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			77251

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	TRANSCONTINENTAL GAS PIPE LINE CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19920703

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000099250-16-000024.txt : 20161031

10-Q
 1
 tgpl_20160930x10q.htm
 10-Q

Document 

Table of Contents  

UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
  Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 10-Q 

(Mark One) 

For the quarterly period ended   September 30, 2016    
  OR 

For the transition period from                          to                        
  Commission file number 1-7584 

TRANSCONTINENTAL GAS PIPE LINE COMPANY, LLC 
  (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

Registrant s telephone number, including area code: (713) 215-2000 
               NO CHANGE 

(Former name, former address and former fiscal year, if changed since last report  ) 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.    Yes           No      
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).    Yes          No      
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): 
                                     Large accelerated filer 

Accelerated filer 

Non-accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

(Do not check if a smaller reporting company) 
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).    Yes           No      
  REGISTRANT MEETS THE CONDITIONS SET FORTH IN GENERAL INSTRUCTIONS H (1)(a) AND (b) OF FORM 10-Q AND IS THEREFORE FILING THIS FORM 10-Q WITH THE REDUCED DISCLOSURE FORMAT.                 

Table of Contents  

TRANSCONTINTENTAL GAS PIPE LINE COMPANY, LLC 
  Index 

Forward Looking Statements 
  The reports, filings, and other public announcements of Transcontinental Gas Pipe Line Company, LLC may contain or incorporate by reference statements that do not directly or exclusively relate to historical facts. Such statements are  forward-looking statements  within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (Securities Act), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (Exchange Act). These forward-looking statements relate to anticipated financial performance, management s plans and objectives for future operations, business prospects, outcome of regulatory proceedings, market conditions and other matters. 
  All statements, other than statements of historical facts, included in this report that address activities, events or developments that we expect, believe or anticipate will exist or may occur in the future are forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements can be identified by various forms of words or phrases such as  anticipates,   believes,   seeks,   could,   may,   should,   continues,   estimates,   expects,   assumes,   forecasts,   intends,   might,   goals,   objectives,   targets,   planned,   potential,   projects,   scheduled,   will,   guidance,   outlook,   in service date  or other similar expressions. These forward-looking statements are based on management s beliefs and assumptions and on information currently available to management and include, among others, statements regarding: 
             
    Amounts and nature of future capital expenditures; 
                
    Expansion of our business and operations; 
                
    Financial condition and liquidity; 
                
    Business strategy; 
                
    Cash flow from operations or results of operations; 
                
    Rate case filings; 
                
    Natural gas prices, supply and demand; and 
                
    Demand for our services. 
     
   1 

     Table of Contents  

Forward-looking statements are based on numerous assumptions, uncertainties, and risks that could cause future events or results to be materially different from those stated or implied in this report. Many of the factors that will determine these results are beyond our ability to control or predict. Specific factors that could cause actual results to differ from results contemplated by the forward-looking statements include, among others, the following: 
             
    Availability of supplies and market demand; 
                
    Volatility of pricing including the effect of lower than anticipated energy commodity prices and margins; 
                
    Inflation, interest rates, and general economic conditions (including future disruptions and volatility in the global credit markets and the impact of these events on our customers and suppliers); 
                
    The strength and financial resources of our competitors and the effects of competition; 
                
    Whether we are able to successfully identify, evaluate and timely execute our capital projects and other investment opportunities in accordance with our forecasted capital expenditures budget; 
                
    Our ability to successfully expand our facilities and operations; 
                
    Development of alternative energy sources; 
                
    Availability of adequate insurance coverage and the impact of operational and developmental hazards and unforeseen interruptions; 
                
    The impact of existing and future laws, regulations, the regulatory environment, environmental liabilities, and litigation as well as our ability to obtain permits and achieve favorable rate proceeding outcomes; 
                
    Our allocated costs for defined benefit pension plans and other postretirement benefit plans sponsored by our affiliates; 
                
    Changes in maintenance and construction costs; 
                
    Changes in the current geopolitical situation; 
                
    Our exposure to the credit risks of our customers and counterparties; 
                
    Risks related to financing, including restrictions stemming from our debt agreements, future changes in our credit ratings and the availability and cost of capital; 
                
    Risks associated with weather and natural phenomena including climate conditions and physical damage to our facilities; 
                
    Acts of terrorism, including cybersecurity threats and related disruptions; and 
                
    Additional risks described in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). 
     Given the uncertainties and risk factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statement, we caution investors not to unduly rely on our forward-looking statements. We disclaim any obligations to and do not intend to update the above list or to announce publicly any revisions to any of the forward-looking statements to reflect future events or developments. 
  In addition to causing our actual results to differ, the factors listed above and referred to below may cause our intentions to change from those statements of intention set forth in this report. Such changes in our intentions may also cause our results to differ. We may change our intentions, at any time and without notice, based upon changes in such factors, our assumptions, or otherwise. 
  Because forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties, we caution that there are important factors, in addition to those listed above, that may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in the forward-looking statements. For a detailed discussion of those factors, see Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors in our Annual Report  
  
   2 

     Table of Contents  

on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015   and in Part II, Item 1A. Risk Factors in our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q. 
  
   3 

Table of Contents  

PART I   FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

ITEM 1. 
    Financial Statements. 

TRANSCONTINENTAL GAS PIPE LINE COMPANY, LLC 
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
  (Thousands of Dollars) 
  (Unaudited) 

See accompanying notes. 

4 

Table of Contents  

TRANSCONTINENTAL GAS PIPE LINE COMPANY, LLC 
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET 
  (Thousands of Dollars) 
  (Unaudited) 

(continued) 

See accompanying notes. 
  
   5 

     Table of Contents  

TRANSCONTINENTAL GAS PIPE LINE COMPANY, LLC 
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET 
  (Thousands of Dollars) 
  (Unaudited) 

See accompanying notes. 

6 

Table of Contents  

TRANSCONTINENTAL GAS PIPE LINE COMPANY, LLC 
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS 
  (Thousands of Dollars) 
  (Unaudited) 

See accompanying notes. 
  
   7 

Table of Contents  

TRANSCONTINENTAL GAS PIPE LINE COMPANY, LLC 
  NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
  (Unaudited) 
   
  1. BASIS OF PRESENTATION 
  In this report, Transco (which includes Transcontinental Gas Pipe Line Company, LLC and, unless the context otherwise requires, all of our majority-owned subsidiaries) is at times referred to in the first person as  we,   us  or  our.  
  Transco is indirectly owned by Williams Partners L.P. (WPZ), a publicly traded Delaware limited partnership, which is consolidated by The Williams Companies, Inc. (Williams).  On February 2, 2015, WPZ was merged into Access Midstream Partners, L.P. (ACMP), another publicly traded limited partnership consolidated by Williams.  ACMP was the surviving partnership and was subsequently renamed Williams Partners L.P.  At   September 30, 2016  , Williams holds an approximate 60 percent interest in WPZ, comprised of an approximate 58 percent limited partner interest and all of the 2 percent general partner interest. 
  On September 28, 2015, Williams publicly announced in a press release that it had entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger (Merger Agreement) with Energy Transfer Equity, L.P. (Energy Transfer) and certain of its affiliates.  The Merger Agreement provided that, subject to the satisfaction of customary closing conditions, Williams would be merged with and into the newly formed Energy Transfer Corp LP (ETC) (ETC Merger), with ETC surviving the ETC Merger.  Energy Transfer formed ETC as a limited partnership that would be treated as a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes.  Immediately following the completion of the ETC Merger, ETC would contribute to Energy Transfer all of the assets and liabilities of Williams in exchange for the issuance by Energy Transfer to ETC of a number of Energy Transfer Class E common units equal to the number of ETC common shares issued to Williams stockholders in the ETC Merger.  
  On June 29, 2016, Energy Transfer provided Williams written notice terminating the Merger Agreement, citing the alleged failure of certain conditions under the Merger Agreement. 
  General 
  The condensed consolidated unaudited financial statements include our accounts and the accounts of the subsidiaries we control. Companies in which we and our subsidiaries own 20 percent to 50 percent of the voting common stock or otherwise exercise significant influence over operating and financial policies of the company are accounted for under the equity method. The equity method investments as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015   consist of Cardinal Pipeline Company, LLC (Cardinal) with an ownership interest of approximately 45 percent and Pine Needle LNG Company, LLC (Pine Needle) with an ownership interest of 35 percent. We received distributions associated with our equity method investments totaling $6.5 million and $5.4 million in the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   September 30, 2015  , respectively.  Included in the distributions are $2.1 million and $1.3 million return of capital in 2016 and 2015, respectively. 
  The condensed consolidated unaudited financial statements have been prepared from our books and records. Certain information and footnote disclosures normally included in financial statements prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP) have been condensed or omitted in this Form 10-Q pursuant to Securities and Exchange Commission rules and regulations. The condensed consolidated unaudited financial statements include all normal recurring adjustments and others which, in the opinion of our management, are necessary to present fairly our interim financial statements. These condensed consolidated unaudited financial statements should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and the notes thereto included in our   2015   Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
  The preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the condensed consolidated unaudited financial statements and accompanying notes. Actual results could differ from those estimates. 

8 

     Table of Contents  

Accounting Standards Issued But Not Yet Adopted    
  In August 2016, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) issued Accounting Standards Update (ASU) 2016-15  Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 230): Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments  (ASU 2016-15).  ASU 2016-15 provides specific guidance on eight cash flow classification issues, including debt prepayment or debt extinguishment costs and distributions received from equity method investees, to reduce diversity in practice.  The new standard is effective for interim and annual periods beginning after December 15, 2017.  Early adoption is permitted.  The new standard requires a retrospective transition.  We are evaluating the impact of the new standard on our consolidated financial statements.  
  In June 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-13  Financial Instruments - Credit Losses (Topic 326):  Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments  (ASU 2016-13).  ASU 2016-13 changes the impairment model for most financial assets and certain other instruments.  For trade and other receivables, held-to-maturity debt securities, loans, and other instruments, entities will be required to use a new forward-looking  expected loss  model that generally will result in the earlier recognition of allowances for losses.  The guidance also requires increased disclosures.  The new standard is effective for interim and annual periods beginning after December 15, 2019.  Early adoption is permitted.  The new standard requires varying transition methods for the different categories of amendments.  We are evaluating the impact of the new standard on our consolidated financial statements.  
  In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-02  Leases (Topic 842)  (ASU 2016-02).  ASU 2016-02 establishes a comprehensive new lease accounting model.  The new standard clarifies the definition of a lease, requires a dual approach to lease classification similar to current lease classifications, and causes lessees to recognize leases on the balance sheet as a lease liability with a corresponding right-of-use asset.  The new standard is effective for interim and annual  periods beginning after December 15, 2018.  Early adoption is permitted.  The new standard requires a modified retrospective transition for capital or operating leases existing at or entered into after the beginning of the earliest comparative period presented in the financial statements.  We are evaluating the impact of the new standard on our consolidated financial statements. 
  In May 2014, the FASB issued ASU 2014-09 establishing Accounting Standards Codification (ASC) Topic 606,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers  (ASC 606). ASC 606 establishes a comprehensive new revenue recognition model designed to depict the transfer of goods or services to a customer in an amount that reflects the consideration the entity expects to be entitled to receive in exchange for those goods or services and requires significantly enhanced revenue disclosures. In August 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-14  Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Deferral of the Effective Date  (ASU 2015-14).  Per ASU 2015-14, the standard is effective for interim and annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2017. ASC 606 allows either full retrospective or modified retrospective transition and early adoption is permitted for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2016. We continue to evaluate both the impact of this new standard on our consolidated financial statements and the transition method we will utilize for adoption. 
   
  2. CONTINGENT LIABILITIES AND COMMITMENTS 
  Rate Matters 
  General rate case (Docket No. RP06-569)   On August 31, 2006, we submitted to the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission (FERC) a general rate filing principally designed to recover increased costs. The rates became effective March 1, 2007, subject to refund and the outcome of a hearing. All issues in this proceeding except one have been resolved by settlement. 
  The one issue reserved for litigation or further settlement relates to our proposal to change the design of the rates for service under our WSS-OA storage rate schedule, which was implemented subject to refund on March 1, 2007. Following a hearing, the FERC issued an opinion approving our proposed incremental rate design, and subsequently denied requests for rehearing of that approval.  On February 21, 2014, the U. S. Court of Appeals for the D.C. Circuit (D.C. Circuit) issued an opinion that vacated and remanded the FERC's order because the FERC did not adequately support its conclusions.  On March 17, 2016, the FERC issued an order addressing the issues raised by the D.C. Circuit's opinion.  In the March 17 order, the FERC reversed its prior opinion and found that Transco's incremental rate design  
  
   9 

     Table of Contents  

is unjust and unreasonable.  The FERC directed Transco to design its WSS-OA rates on a rolled-in basis, to file revised WSS-OA rates reflecting the findings in the order, and to refund the amounts collected in excess of those rates since March 1, 2007.  On April 18, 2016, we filed a request for rehearing of the March 17 order.  If we are unsuccessful, refunds will be due within 60 days after a final FERC order no longer subject to rehearing.  As of September 30, 2016, we have accrued a liability for potential refunds of $18.6 million, consisting of a $15.3 million charge to revenue and $3.3 million of interest expense. 
  Station 62 Incident 
  On October 8, 2015, an explosion and fire occurred at our Compressor Station No. 62 in Gibson, Louisiana.  At the time of the incident, planned facility maintenance was being performed at the station and the facility was not operational.  The incident was related to maintenance work being performed on the slug catcher at the station.  Four contractor employees were killed in the incident and others were injured. 
  In responding to the incident, we cooperated with local, state and federal authorities, including the Louisiana State Police, Terrebonne Parish, the Louisiana Department of Environmental Quality, the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (Region 6), the Occupational Safety and Health Administration, and the U.S. Department of Transportation's Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration (PHMSA).  On July 29, 2016, PHMSA issued a Notice of Probable Violation (NOPV), which includes a $1.6 million proposed civil penalty to us in connection with the incident.  This penalty was accrued in the second quarter of 2016 and would not be covered by our insurance policies.  We filed a response to the NOPV on August 25, 2016. 
  The incident did not cause any rupture of the gas pipeline or any damage to the building containing the compressor engines.  In anticipation of the planned maintenance, our Southeast Louisiana Lateral was taken out of service on October 4, 2015, which affected approximately 200 MMcf/d of natural gas production.  The lateral was restored to service in early 2016 after repairs were made to the facilities damaged in the incident. 
  We are a defendant in lawsuits seeking damages for wrongful death, personal injury and property damages.  We believe it is reasonably possible that losses will be incurred on some lawsuits.  However, in management's judgment, the ultimate resolution of these matters will not have a material effect on our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows.  While we also have claims for indemnification, we believe that it is probable that any ultimate losses incurred will be covered by our general liability insurance policy. 
  Environmental Matters 
  We have had studies underway for many years to test some of our facilities for the presence of toxic and hazardous substances such as polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs) and mercury to determine to what extent, if any, remediation may be necessary. We have also similarly evaluated past on-site disposal of hydrocarbons at a number of our facilities.  We have worked closely with and responded to data requests from the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) and state agencies regarding such potential contamination of certain of our sites. On the basis of the findings to date, we estimate that environmental assessment and remediation costs under various federal and state statutes will total approximately $4 million to $6 million (including both expense and capital expenditures), measured on an undiscounted basis, and will substantially be spent over the next three to five years. This estimate depends on a number of assumptions concerning the scope of remediation that will be required at certain locations and the cost of the remedial measures. We are conducting environmental assessments and implementing a variety of remedial measures that may result in increases or decreases in the total estimated costs. At   September 30, 2016  , we had a balance of approximately $2.4 million for the expense portion of these estimated costs recorded in current liabilities ($1.4 million) and other long-term liabilities ($1.0 million) in the accompanying Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet. At   December 31, 2015  , we had a balance of approximately $2.9 million for the expense portion of these estimated costs recorded in current liabilities ($1.4 million) and other long-term liabilities ($1.5 million) in the accompanying Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet. 
  We have been identified as a potentially responsible party (PRP) at various Superfund and state waste disposal sites. Based on present volumetric estimates and other factors, our estimated aggregate exposure for remediation of these sites is less than $0.5 million. The estimated remediation costs for all of these sites are included in the $4 million to $6 million range discussed above. Liability under the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and  
  
   10 

     Table of Contents  

Liability Act and applicable state law can be joint and several with other PRPs. Although volumetric allocation is a factor in assessing liability, it is not necessarily determinative; thus, the ultimate liability could be substantially greater than the amounts described above. 
  In March 2008, the EPA promulgated a new, lower National Ambient Air Quality Standard (NAAQS) for ground-level ozone. In May 2012, the EPA completed designation of new eight-hour ozone non-attainment areas. Several of our facilities are located in 2008 ozone non-attainment areas. To date, no federal actions have been proposed to mandate additional emission controls at these facilities.  Pursuant to recently finalized state regulatory actions associated with implementation of the 2008 ozone standard, we anticipate that some facilities may be subject to increased controls within five years.  As a result, the cost of additions to property, plant, and equipment is expected to increase.  We are unable at this time to estimate with any certainty the cost of additions that may be required to meet the proposed regulations. 
  In December 2014, the EPA proposed to further reduce the ground-level ozone NAAQS from the March 2008 levels and subsequently finalized a rule on October 1, 2015.  We are monitoring the rule's implementation as the reduction will trigger additional federal and state regulatory actions that may impact our operations.  As a result, the cost of additions to property, plant and equipment is expected to increase.  We are unable at this time to estimate with any certainty the cost of additions that may be required to meet new regulations. 
  On January 22, 2010, the EPA set a new one-hour nitrogen dioxide (NO  2  ) NAAQS. The effective date of the new NO  2   standard was April 12, 2010. On January 20, 2012, the EPA determined pursuant to available information that no area in the country is violating the 2010 NO  2   NAAQS and thus designated all areas of the country as  unclassifiable/attainment.  Also, at that time, the EPA noted its plan to deploy an expanded NO  2   monitoring network beginning in 2013. However, on October 5, 2012, the EPA proposed a graduated implementation of the monitoring network between January 1, 2014 and January 1, 2017. Once three years of data are collected from the new monitoring network, the EPA will reassess attainment status with the one-hour NO  2   NAAQS. Until that time, the EPA or states may require ambient air quality modeling on a case by case basis to demonstrate compliance with the NO  2   standard. Because we are unable to predict the outcome of the EPA s or states  future assessment using the new monitoring network, we are unable to estimate the cost of additions that may be required to meet this regulation. 
  We consider prudently incurred environmental assessment and remediation costs and the costs associated with compliance with environmental standards to be recoverable through rates. To date, we have been permitted recovery of environmental costs, and it is our intent to continue seeking recovery of such costs through future rate filings. As a result, as estimated costs of environmental assessment and remediation are incurred, they are recorded as regulatory assets in the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet until collected through rates. At September 30, 2016, we had a balance of approximately $0.7 million of uncollected environmental related regulatory assets recorded in current assets in the accompanying Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet.  At December 31, 2015, we had a balance of approximately $1.6 million of uncollected environmental related regulatory assets recorded in current assets ($1.2 million) and other assets ($0.4 million) in the accompanying Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet. 
  Other Matters 
  Various other proceedings are pending against us and are considered incidental to our operations. 
  Summary 
  We estimate that for all matters for which we are able to reasonably estimate a range of loss, including those noted above and others that are not individually significant, our aggregate reasonably possible losses beyond amounts accrued for all of our contingent liabilities are immaterial to our expected future annual results of operations, liquidity and financial position. These calculations have been made without consideration of any potential recovery from third parties. We have disclosed all significant matters for which we are unable to reasonably estimate a range of possible loss. 

11 

     Table of Contents  

3. DEBT AND FINANCING ARRANGEMENTS 
  Credit Facility  
  We along with WPZ and Northwest Pipeline LLC, are party to a credit agreement with aggregate commitments available of $3.5 billion, with up to an additional $500 million increase in aggregate commitments available under certain circumstances.  Total letter of credit capacity available to WPZ under this credit facility is $1.125 billion.  We are able to borrow up to $500 million under this credit facility to the extent not otherwise utilized by the other co-borrowers.  At September 30, 2016, no letters of credit have been issued and $1.230 billion of loans to WPZ are outstanding under the credit facility.   
  WPZ participates in a commercial paper program, and WPZ management considers amounts outstanding under this program to be a reduction of available capacity under the credit facility.  The program allows a maximum outstanding amount at any time of $3 billion of unsecured commercial paper notes.  At   September 30, 2016  , WPZ had $2 million of commercial paper outstanding. 
  Issuance and Retirement of Long-Term Debt 
  On January 22, 2016, we issued $1 billion of 7.85 percent senior unsecured notes due 2026 to investors in a private debt placement.  A portion of these proceeds was used to retire our $200 million of 6.4 percent notes that matured on April 15, 2016.  We will use the remainder for funding of capital expenditures.  As part of the new issuance, we entered into a registration rights agreement with the initial purchasers of the unsecured notes.  We are obligated to file and consummate a registration statement for an offer to exchange the notes for a new issue of substantially identical notes registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, within 365 days from closing and to use commercially reasonable efforts to complete the exchange offer.  We are required to provide a shelf registration statement to cover resales of the notes under certain circumstances.  If we fail to fulfill these obligations, additional interest will accrue on the affected securities.  The rate of additional interest will be 0.25 percent per annum on the principal amount of the affected securities for the first 90-day period immediately following the occurrence of default, increasing by an additional 0.25 percent per annum with respect to each subsequent 90-day period thereafter, up to a maximum amount for all such defaults of 0.5 percent annually.  Following the cure of any registration defaults, the accrual of additional interest will cease.  We plan to file the registration statement with the Securities and Exchange Commission during the fourth quarter of 2016. 
   
  4. ARO TRUST 
  Available-for-Sale Investments 
  We are entitled to collect in rates the amounts necessary to fund our asset retirement obligations (ARO). We deposit monthly, into an external trust account (ARO Trust), the revenues specifically designated for ARO. The ARO Trust carries a moderate risk portfolio. We measure the financial instruments held in our ARO Trust at fair value. However, in accordance with the ASC Topic 980, Regulated Operations, both realized and unrealized gains and losses of the ARO Trust are recorded as regulatory assets or liabilities. 
  Effective March 1, 2013, the annual funding obligation is approximately $36.4 million, with deposits made monthly.  
  Investments in available-for-sale securities within the ARO Trust at fair value were as follows (in millions):    

12 

     Table of Contents  

5. FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS 
  The following table presents, by level within the fair value hierarchy, certain of our financial assets and liabilities.  The carrying values of cash, short-term financial assets (advances to affiliate) that have variable interest rates, accounts receivable and accounts payable approximate fair value because of the short-term nature of these instruments.  Therefore, these assets and liabilities are not presented in the following table.    

Fair Value of Methods 
  The following methods and assumptions were used to estimate the fair value of each class of financial instruments for which it is practicable to estimate that value: 
  ARO Trust investments     We deposit a portion of our collected rates, pursuant to the terms of the Docket No. RP12-993 rate case settlement, into the ARO Trust which is specifically designated to fund future asset retirement obligations. The ARO Trust invests in a portfolio of actively traded mutual funds that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis based on quoted prices in an active market, are classified as available-for-sale and are reported in   Other Assets-Other   in the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet. However, both realized and unrealized gains and losses are ultimately recorded as regulatory assets or liabilities. See Note 4 for more information regarding the ARO Trust. 
  Notes receivable     The disclosed fair value of our notes receivable is determined by an income approach, which considers the underlying contract amounts and our assessment of our ability to recover these amounts. The balance in notes receivable is reported in   Trade and other   receivables in the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet.  
  Long-term debt     The disclosed fair value of our long-term debt is determined by a market approach using broker quoted indicative period-end bond prices. The quoted prices are based on observable transactions in less active markets for our debt or similar instruments. 
  Reclassifications of fair value between Level 1, Level 2, and Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy, if applicable, are made at the end of each quarter. No transfers between Level 1 and Level 2 occurred during the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   or   2015  . 
  
   13 

Table of Contents  

6. TRANSACTIONS WITH AFFILIATES 
  We are a participant in WPZ s cash management program, and we make advances to and receive advances from WPZ. At   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , our advances to WPZ totaled approximately   $782.9 million   and   $64.6 million  , respectively. These advances are represented by demand notes and are classified as Current Assets in the accompanying Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet. Advances are stated at the historical carrying amounts. Interest income is recognized when chargeable and collectability is reasonably assured. The interest rate on these intercompany demand notes is based upon the daily overnight investment rate paid on WPZ s excess cash at the end of each month. At   September 30, 2016  , the interest rate was 0.27 percent. 
  Included in Operating Revenues in the accompanying Condensed Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income are revenues received from affiliates of $4.8 million and $8.9 million for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , respectively, and $1.7 million and $3.6 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, respectively. The rates charged to provide sales and services to affiliates are the same as those that are charged to similarly-situated nonaffiliated customers. 
  Included in    Cost of natural gas sales   in the accompanying Condensed Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income are cost of gas purchased from affiliates of $1.8 million and $3.3 million for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , respectively, and $0.7 million and $4.9 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, respectively.  All gas purchases are made at market or contract prices. 
  We have no employees. Services necessary to operate our business are provided to us by Williams and certain affiliates of Williams. We reimburse Williams and its affiliates for all direct and indirect expenses incurred or payments made (including salary, bonus, incentive compensation and benefits) in connection with these services. Employees of Williams also provide general, administrative and management services to us, and we are charged for certain administrative expenses incurred by Williams. These charges are either directly identifiable or allocated to our assets. Direct charges are for goods and services provided by Williams at our request. Allocated charges are based on a three-factor formula, which considers revenues; property, plant and equipment; and payroll. In management s estimation, the allocation methodologies used are reasonable and result in a reasonable allocation to us of our costs of doing business incurred by Williams. We were billed $78.4 million and $234.7 million in the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , respectively, and $80.0 million and $242.6 million in the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, respectively,  for these services. Such expenses are primarily included in   Operation and maintenance   and   Administrative and general   expenses in the accompanying Condensed Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income.  The  amount billed to us for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, includes $6.3 million recognized in the first quarter for severance and other related costs associated with a reduction in workforce. 
  We provide services to certain of our affiliates.  We recorded reductions in operating expenses for services provided to and reimbursed by our affiliates of $1.0 million and $3.4 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively, and $1.5 million and $4.2 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, respectively. 
  We made equity distributions totaling   $350.0 million   and   $374.0 million   during the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively. During October 2016, we made an additional distribution of $90.0 million. Our parent made contributions to us totaling   $372.0 million   and   $491.0 million   in the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively, to fund a portion of our expenditures for additions to property, plant and equipment. In October 2016, our parent made an additional $130.0 million contribution to us. 
   
  7. OTHER 
  For the nine months ended September 30, 2016, we capitalized $1.4 million of project feasibility cost associated with one project, which had been expensed in prior periods in   Other expense, net  , upon determining that the project was probable of development. 
  Our   Asset retirement obligations   in   Total other long-term liabilities   on our Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet reflects a $77.2 million decrease for 2016 compared to December 31, 2015.  This decrease is primarily due to changes in estimates of existing obligations as a result of our annual review process.  The annual review process  
  
   14 

     Table of Contents  

considers various factors including inflation rates, current estimates for removal cost, discount rates, and the estimated remaining life of assets.  

15 

Table of Contents  

ITEM 2. 
    Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

General 
  The following discussion should be read in conjunction with the Consolidated Financial Statements, Notes and Management s Discussion and Analysis contained in Items 7 and 8 of our   2015   Annual Report on Form 10-K and with the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements and Notes contained in this Form 10-Q. 
  RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
  Operating Income and Net Income 
  Operating income   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   was   $449.0 million   compared to   $438.0 million   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  .   Net income   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   was   $384.5 million   compared to   $427.1 million   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  . The increase in   Operating income   of $11.0 million (2.5 percent) was primarily due to higher   Natural gas transportation   revenues in the first nine months of 2016 compared to the same period in 2015, partly offset by a decrease in   Natural gas storage   revenues, as discussed below, and by an increase in   Operating Costs and Expenses,   as discussed below. The decrease in   Net income   of $42.6 million (10.0 percent) was mostly attributable to higher interest expense in   Other (Income) and Other Expenses,   partly offset by an increase in   Operating income  , as discussed below  . 
  Operating Revenues 
  Natural gas sales   decreased $34.3 million (33.7 percent) for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   compared to the same period in   2015  . The decrease was primarily due to lower cash-out sales. Cash-out sales are offset in our cost of natural gas sold and therefore had no impact on our operating income or results of operations. 
  Natural gas transportation   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   increased $66.1 million (6.8 percent) over the same period in   2015  . The increase was primarily due to higher transportation reservation revenues related to new incremental projects of $90.1 million (primarily due to $36.1 million from our Leidy Southeast project placed in partial service in March 2015 and fully placed in service in January 2016, $30.1 million from our Rockaway project placed in service in May 2015 and $16.0 million from our Virginia Southside project placed in partial service in December 2014 and fully placed in service in September 2015), and $3.0 million due to an extra billable day in 2016 due to leap year, partially offset by $16.8 million lower commodity revenues, $4.6 million lower revenues which recover electric power costs and $2.0 million lower short term firm transportation revenues.  Electric power costs are recovered from customers through transportation rates resulting in no net impact on our operating income or results of operations.  
  Natural gas storage   decreased $15.5 million (14.9 percent) for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   compared to the same period in   2015  . The decrease was due to an accrual for Washington Storage Service potential refunds (See Note 2). 
  Operating Costs and Expenses 
  Excluding the   Cost of natural gas sales  ,   which is directly offset in revenues, of $67.5 million for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and $101.8 million for the comparable period in   2015  , our operating costs and expenses for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   increased approximately $39.5 million (6.1 percent) from the comparable period in   2015  . This increase was primarily attributable to: 
             
    A $27.9 million (13.7 percent) increase in   Depreciation and amortization   costs primarily due to $20.9 million related to the additional assets placed into service in 2015 and the first half of 2016, and $4.2 million related to the absence of a 2015 benefit associated with revisions to asset retirement obligations on retired or fully depreciated assets; 
                
    A $23.5 million (11.6 percent) increase in   Operation and maintenance   costs primarily resulting from a $23.1 million increase in miscellaneous contractual services costs (primarily due to $21.3 million for general maintenance, hydrostatic and other testing on our pipeline and $2.2 million related to the Station 62 Incident). 
                
    An $8.2 million (22.2 percent) increase in   Taxes-other than income taxes   primarily due to higher property taxes as a result of additional assets placed into service in 2015; 
                
    Partially offset by a $7.9 million (5.9 percent) decrease in   Administrative and general   costs primarily due to decreased charges for Corporate administrative services; 
     
   16 

     Table of Contents  

A $7.8 million (33.5 percent) decrease in   Cost of natural gas transportation   resulting from $4.6 million lower electric power costs and $3.2 million lower fuel costs.  Electric power costs are recovered from customers through transportation rates resulting in no net impact on our operating income or results of operations; and 
                
    A $4.4 million (9.6 percent) decrease in   Other expense, net    primarily due to a $5.9 million favorable  change in the deferral of ARO-related depreciation to a regulatory asset and a $3.9 million decrease in project development costs (primarily due to the absence of $2.7 million of feasibility costs recorded in 2015 and the capitalization of $1.4 million of previously expensed feasibility costs recorded in 2016), partly offset by $3.9 million higher expense related to a regulatory liability associated with rate collections in excess of our pension funding obligation and a $1.6 million accrued civil penalty related to the Station 62 Incident. 
     Other (Income) and Other Expenses 
  Other (income) and other expenses   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   had an unfavorable change of $53.7 million (497.2 percent) over the same period in   2015   primarily due to a $51.9 million increase in   interest expense   due to the issuance of debt in January 2016. 
  Pipeline Expansion Projects 
  Leidy Southeast 
  The Leidy Southeast Project involves an expansion of our existing natural gas transmission system from the Marcellus Shale production region on the Leidy Line in Pennsylvania to the Station 85 Pooling Point in Choctaw County, Alabama. In December 2014, we received approval from the FERC for the project.  On March 1, 2015, we began providing firm transportation service through the mainline portion of the project (from the Station 210 Pooling Point in New Jersey to the Station 85 Pooling Point in Alabama) on an interim basis, until the in-service date of the project as a whole.  We placed 130 Mdth/d of full project capacity into service on December 1, 2015 and increased that amount to 290 Mdth/d on  December 30, 2015.  We placed the remainder of the project into service during January 2016.  In total, the project increased capacity by 525 Mdth/d. 
  Rock Springs 
  The Rock Springs Expansion Project involves an expansion of our existing natural gas transmission system southbound from the Zone 6 Station 210 Pooling Point in New Jersey along with a new, eleven-mile lateral to Old Dominion Electric Cooperative's Wildcat Point generation facility in Cecil County, Maryland. In March 2015, we received approval from FERC for the project.  We placed the project into service on August 1, 2016 and it increased  capacity by 192 Mdth/d. 
  Gulf Trace 
  The Gulf Trace Expansion Project involves an expansion of our existing natural gas transmission system together with greenfield facilities to provide incremental firm transportation capacity from Station 65 in St. Helena Parish, Louisiana westward to a new interconnection with Sabine Pass Liquefaction in Cameron Parish, Louisiana.  The FERC certificate and other regulatory approvals necessary to commence construction of the project have been received.  We plan to place the project into service during the first quarter of 2017 and it is expected to increase capacity by 1,200 Mdth/d. 
  Hillabee 
  The Hillabee Expansion Project involves an expansion of our existing natural gas transmission system from our Station 85 Pooling Point in Choctaw County, Alabama to a proposed new interconnection with the Sabal Trail project in Tallapoosa County, Alabama.  The project will be constructed in phases, and all of the project expansion capacity will be leased to Sabal Trail.  The FERC certificate for the initial phases of the project and the other regulatory approvals necessary to commence construction of the first phase of the project have been received.  The initial phase of the project will be placed into service coincident with the in-service date of the Sabal Trail project, which is planned to occur as early as the second quarter of 2017.  The in-service date of the second phase of the project is planned for the second quarter of  2020. Together, the first two phases of the project are expected to increase capacity by 1,025 Mdth/d. 
  In March 2016, WPZ entered into an agreement with the member-sponsors of Sabal Trail to resolve several matters. In accordance with the agreement, the member-sponsors will pay WPZ an aggregate amount of $240 million in three equal installments as certain milestones of the project are met. WPZ received the first $80 million payment in March 2016 and the second $80 million payment in September 2016.  Although the agreement is an obligation between WPZ and the member-sponsors, since the agreement is, in part, related to furthering the completion of Hillabee, we expect the income associated with these receipts to be assigned to our results of operations over the term of the capacity lease agreement. 
  
   17 

     Table of Contents  

Garden State 
  The Garden State Expansion Project involves an expansion of our existing natural gas transmission system to provide incremental firm transportation capacity from our Zone 6 Station 210 Pooling Point in New Jersey to a new interconnection on our Trenton Woodbury Lateral in Burlington County, New Jersey.  The project will be constructed in phases.  In April 2016, we received approval from the FERC for the project.  We plan to place the initial phase of the project into service during the first half of 2017 and the remaining portion of the project into service during the fourth quarter of 2017, assuming timely receipt of all necessary regulatory approvals.  The project is expected to increase capacity by 180 Mdth/d. 
  Dalton 
  The Dalton Expansion Project involves an expansion of our existing natural gas transmission system together with greenfield facilities to provide incremental firm transportation capacity from the Zone 6 Station 210 Pooling Point in New Jersey to markets in northwest Georgia.  The FERC certificate and other regulatory approvals necessary to commence construction of the project have been received.  We plan to place the project into service in 2017 and it is expected to increase capacity by 448 Mdth/d.  
  Atlantic Sunrise 
  The Atlantic Sunrise Project involves an expansion of our existing natural gas transmission system together with greenfield facilities to provide incremental firm transportation capacity from the northeastern Marcellus producing area to markets along our mainline as far south as our Station 85 Pooling Point in Choctaw County, Alabama.  We filed an application with the FERC in March 2015 for approval of the project.  We expect to place a portion of the project facilities into service during the second half of 2017 and are targeting a full in-service during mid-2018, assuming timely receipt of all necessary regulatory approvals.  The project is expected to increase capacity by 1,700 Mdth/d. 
  Virginia Southside II 
  The Virginia Southside II Expansion Project involves an expansion of our existing natural gas transmission system together with greenfield facilities to provide incremental firm transportation capacity from the Zone 6 Station 210 Pooling Point in New Jersey and the Zone 5 Station 165 Pooling Point in Virginia to a proposed delivery point on a new lateral off of our Brunswick Lateral in Virginia.  In July 2016, we received approval from the FERC for the project.  We plan to place the project into service during the fourth quarter of 2017, assuming timely receipt of all necessary regulatory approvals, and it is expected to increase capacity by 250 Mdth/d. 
  New York Bay Expansion 
  The New York Bay Expansion Project involves an expansion of our existing natural gas transmission system to provide incremental firm transportation capacity from Station 195 in Pennsylvania to the Rockaway Delivery Lateral  transfer point and the Narrows meter station in Richmond County, New York.  The FERC certificate and other regulatory approvals necessary to commence construction of the project have been received.  We plan to place the project into service during the fourth quarter of 2017 and it is expected to increase capacity by 115 Mdth/d. 
  Gulf Connector 
  The Gulf Connector Expansion Project involves an expansion of our existing natural gas transmission system to provide incremental firm transportation capacity from Station 65 in Louisiana to delivery points in Wharton and San Patricio Counties, Texas.  The project will be constructed in phases.  We filed an application with the FERC in August 2016 for approval of the project.  We plan to place the initial phase of the project into service during the second half of 2018 and the remaining phase in 2019, assuming timely receipt of all necessary regulatory approvals.  The project is expected to increase capacity by 475 Mdth/d. 
  Northeast Supply Enhancement  
  The Northeast Supply Enhancement Project involves an expansion of our existing natural gas transmission system to provide incremental firm transportation capacity from Station 195 in Pennsylvania to the Rockaway Delivery Lateral transfer point.  We intend to file an application with the FERC in the first half of 2017 for approval of the project.  We plan to place the project into service in late 2019 or during the first half of 2020, assuming timely receipt of all necessary regulatory approvals.  The project is expected to increase capacity by 400 Mdth/d. 
  
   18 

Table of Contents  

ITEM 4. 
    Controls and Procedures 

Our management, including our Senior Vice President - Atlantic-Gulf and our Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer, does not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) of the Securities Exchange Act) (Disclosure Controls) or our internal control over financial reporting (Internal Controls)will prevent all errors and all fraud. A control system, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. Further, the design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within the company have been detected. These inherent limitations include the realities that judgments in decision-making can be faulty, and that breakdowns can occur because of simple error or mistake. Additionally, controls can be circumvented by the individual acts of some persons, by collusion of two or more people, or by management override of the control. The design of any system of controls also is based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions. Because of the inherent limitations in a cost-effective control system, misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected. We monitor our Disclosure Controls and Internal Controls and make modifications as necessary; our intent in this regard is that the Disclosure Controls and Internal Controls will be modified as systems change and conditions warrant. 
  Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
  An evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our Disclosure Controls was performed as of the end of the period covered by this report. This evaluation was performed under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Senior Vice President - Atlantic-Gulf and our Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer. Based upon that evaluation, our Senior Vice President - Atlantic-Gulf and our Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer concluded that these Disclosure Controls are effective at a reasonable assurance level. 
  Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
  There have been no changes during the   third   quarter of   2016   that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our Internal Control over Financial Reporting. 

PART II   OTHER INFORMATION. 

ITEM 1. 
    Legal Proceedings 

The information called for by this item is provided in Note 2 of the Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements included under Part I, Item 1. Financial Statements of this report, which information is incorporated by reference into this item. 

ITEM 1A.      Risk Factors 
    
  Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015 and Part II, Item 1A, Risk Factors in our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended June 30, 2016,  include certain risk factors that could materially affect our business, financial condition, or future results. Except for the risk factor    The pendency of the proposed ETC Merger between Energy Transfer and Williams could adversely affect our business and operations.    which     is     no longer applicable, the risk factors stated in our periodic reports remain applicable. 

19 

Table of Contents  

ITEM 6. 
    Exhibits 

The following instruments are included as exhibits to this report. 

* 
    Filed herewith. 
      ** 
    Furnished herewith. 

20 

Table of Contents  

SIGNATURE 
  Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

TRANSCONTINENTAL GAS PIPE LINE COMPANY, LLC 
  (Registrant) 

Dated: 
    October 31, 2016 
    By: 
      
    /s/ Jeffrey P. Heinrichs 

Jeffrey P. Heinrichs 

Controller 
  (Principal Accounting Officer) 

Table of Contents  

EXHIBIT INDEX 

* 
    Filed herewith. 
      ** 
    Furnished herewith. 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 tgpl_20160930xex-311.htm
 EX-31.1

Exhibit 

Exhibit 31.1 
  SECTION 302 CERTIFICATION 
    
  I, Rory L. Miller, certify that: 
           1. 
    I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Transcontinental Gas Pipe Line Company, LLC; 
              2. 
    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
              3. 
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
              4. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
              (a) 
    Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
              (b) 
    Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
              (c) 
    Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
              (d) 
    Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
              5. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
              (a) 
    All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
              (b) 
    Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
       
  Date:   October 31, 2016    
    
                 By: 
    /s/ Rory L. Miller 
        
    Rory L. Miller 
        
    Senior Vice President - Atlantic-Gulf 
        
    (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 tgpl_20160930xex-312.htm
 EX-31.2

Exhibit 

Exhibit 31.2 
  SECTION 302 CERTIFICATION 
    
  I, Ted T. Timmermans, certify that: 
           1. 
    I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Transcontinental Gas Pipe Line Company, LLC; 
              2. 
    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
              3. 
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
              4. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
              (a) 
    Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
              (b) 
    Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
              (c) 
    Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
              (d) 
    Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
              5. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
              (a) 
    All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
              (b) 
    Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
       
  Date:   October 31, 2016 
    
                 By: 
    /s/ Ted T. Timmermans 
        
    Ted T. Timmermans 
        
    Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer 
        
    (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32>
 4
 tgpl_20160930xex-32.htm
 EX-32

Exhibit 

Exhibit 32 
  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
  18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
    
  In connection with the Quarterly Report of Transcontinental Gas Pipe Line Company, LLC (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the period ending   September 30, 2016   as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), each of the undersigned hereby certifies, in his capacity as an officer of the Company, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.  1350, as adopted pursuant to  906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to his knowledge: 
           (1) 
    The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 
              (2) 
    The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

/s/ Rory L. Miller 
        
      Rory L. Miller 
      Senior Vice President - Atlantic-Gulf 
      October 31, 2016 

/s/ Ted T. Timmermans 
        
      Ted T. Timmermans 
      Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer 
      October 31, 2016 

A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to, and will be retained by, the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 
  The foregoing certification is being furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission as an exhibit to the Report and shall not be considered filed as part of the Report. 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.INS>
 5
 tgpl-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 tgpl-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 tgpl-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 tgpl-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 tgpl-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 tgpl-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

