<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161005_10-Q_edgar_data_33002_0001193125-16-731451_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>4058006</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>96436</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>248491</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>638935</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1744091</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1140371</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>42</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001193125-16-731451.hdr.sgml : 20161005
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161005150131
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-16-731451
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		77
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160831
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161005
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161005

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			ENNIS, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000033002
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	MANIFOLD BUSINESS FORMS [2761]
		IRS NUMBER:				750256410
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			TX
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0228

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-05807
		FILM NUMBER:		161922216

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2441 PRESIDENTIAL PARKWAY
		CITY:			MIDLOTHIAN
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			76065
		BUSINESS PHONE:		9727759801

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2441 PRESIDENTIAL PARKWAY
		CITY:			MIDLOTHIAN
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			76065

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	ENNIS BUSINESS FORMS INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19920703

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	ENNIS TAG & SALESBOOK CO
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19700805

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001193125-16-731451.txt : 20161005

10-Q
 1
 d226666d10q.htm
 FORM 10-Q

Form 10-Q 

Table of Contents  

UNITED STATES   
  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION   
  Washington, D.C. 20549        
       FORM 10-Q
            
  (Mark One)   
 
  For the Quarterly Period Ended August 31, 2016   
  OR       
 
  For the Transition Period from
                       to
                         
  Commission File Number 1-5807        
       ENNIS, INC.
     (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter)   

(972) 775-9801   
  (Registrant s Telephone Number, Including Area Code)   
         
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.    Yes         No         Indicate by check mark
whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate web site, if any, every Interactive Date File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such
shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such
files).    Yes         No       
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer or a smaller reporting company. See
the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one).  

Large accelerated Filer 

Accelerated filer 

Non-accelerated filer 
   
      (Do not check if a smaller reporting company) 
    
 Smaller reporting company 

Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange
Act).    Yes         No       
 As of September 28, 2016, there were 25,960,267 shares of the Registrant s common stock outstanding.  

Table of Contents  

   ENNIS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES   
  FORM 10-Q      FOR THE PERIOD
ENDED AUGUST 31, 2016        TABLE OF CONTENTS   

2  

Table of Contents  

     PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION   
    Item 1. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   
  ENNIS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES   
    UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS   
   (Dollars in thousands   )           
    See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.   
      3  

Table of Contents  

   ENNIS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES   
  UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS   
   (Dollars in thousands, except for par value and share amounts   )       
   
    See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.   
      4  

Table of Contents  

   ENNIS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES   
    UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS   
      (   Dollars in thousands, except share and per share amounts   )       
   
    See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.   
      5  

Table of Contents  

   ENNIS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES   
    UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS)   
  (   Dollars in thousands   )       
    See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.   
      6  

Table of Contents  

   ENNIS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES   
    UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS   
   (Dollars in thousands)        
    See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.   
      7  

Table of Contents  

   ENNIS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES   
    NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   
  FOR THE PERIOD ENDED AUGUST 31, 2016   
  1.  Significant Accounting Policies and General Matters    
   Basis of Presentation      These unaudited consolidated
financial statements of Ennis, Inc. and its subsidiaries (collectively referred to as the  Company,   Registrant,   Ennis,  or  we,   us,  or  our ) for the period ended August 31,
2016 have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles for interim financial reporting. Accordingly, they do not include all of the information and footnotes required by generally accepted accounting principles for
complete financial statements and should be read in conjunction with the audited consolidated financial statements and notes thereto included in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended February 29, 2016, from which the
accompanying consolidated balance sheet at February 29, 2016 was derived. All intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. In the opinion of management, all adjustments considered necessary for a fair
presentation of the interim financial information have been included and are of a normal recurring nature. In preparing the financial statements, the Company is required to make estimates and assumptions that affect the disclosure and reported
amounts of assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. The Company evaluates these estimates and judgments on an ongoing basis, including those related
to bad debts, inventory valuations, property, plant and equipment, intangible assets, pension plan, accrued liabilities, and income taxes. The Company bases estimates and judgments on historical experience and on various other factors that are
believed to be reasonable under the circumstances. The results of operations for any interim period are not necessarily indicative of the results of operations for a full year.  
 On May 25, 2016, the Company sold Alstyle Apparel, LLC and its subsidiaries, which constituted the Company s Apparel Segment, to Gildan Activewear
Inc. (  Gildan  ). As a result of this action, the current year and prior year disclosures reflect these operations as discontinued operations and prior year financial information has been restated to reflect this accounting
treatment.      Recent Accounting Pronouncements    
 In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-02,  Leases (Topic 842)  (  ASU 2016-02  ) ,  which requires lessees to put most
leases on the balance sheet but recognize expense on the income statement in a manner similar to current accounting. For lessors, ASU 2016-02 also modifies the classification criteria and the accounting for sales-type and direct financing leases.
The standard requires a modified retrospective approach for leases that exist or are entered into after the beginning of the earliest comparative period in the financial statements and is effective in the first quarter of 2019. Early adoption of ASU
2016-02 is permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the impact the adoption of ASU 2016-02 will have on its consolidated financial statements.    In
January 2016, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (  FASB  ) issued Accounting Standards Update (  ASU  ) No. 2016-01,  Financial Instruments   Overall (Subtopic 825-10): Recognition and Measurement of
Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities  (  ASU 2016-01  ), which institutes a number of modifications to the reporting of financial assets and liabilities. These modifications include: (i) measurement of non-equity method
assets and liabilities at fair value, with changes to fair value recognized through net income, (ii) performance of qualitative impairment assessments of equity investments without readily determinable fair values at each reporting period,
(iii) elimination of the requirement to disclose methods and significant assumptions used in calculating the fair value of financial instruments measured at amortized cost, (iv) measurement of the fair value of financial instruments
measured at amortized cost using the exit price notion consistent with Topic 820, Fair Value Measurement, (v) separate presentation in other comprehensive income of the portion of the total change in the fair value of a liability resulting from
a change in the instrument-specific credit risk, (vi) separate presentation of financial assets and financial liabilities by measurement category and form of financial asset, and (vii) evaluate the need for a valuation allowance on a
deferred tax asset related to available-for-sale securities in combination with the entity s other deferred tax assets. This ASU is effective for financial statements issued with fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017, including
interim periods within that reporting period. The Company is currently evaluating the impact the adoption of ASU 2016-01 will have on its consolidated financial statements.  
 In November 2015, the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-17,  Income Taxes (Topic 740): Balance Sheet Classification of Deferred Taxes  (  ASU
2015-17  ), which requires all deferred tax assets and liabilities to be classified as noncurrent  
      8  

Table of Contents  

ENNIS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES   
  NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   
  FOR THE PERIOD ENDED AUGUST 31, 2016   
  1.  Significant Accounting Policies and General Matters-continued        
  
on the balance sheet. ASU 2015-17 is effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2016, which includes the Company s fiscal year 2017 beginning in March of 2017. The
Company does not expect the adoption of this pronouncement to have a material impact on its consolidated financial statements.    In May 2014, the FASB
issued ASU No. 2014-09,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606)  (  ASU 2014-09  ), which requires an entity to recognize revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that
reflects the consideration to which it expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. ASU 2014-09 supersedes most existing revenue recognition guidance in U.S. GAAP. In August 2015, the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-14,  Revenue
from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Deferral of the Effective Date  (  ASU 2015-14  ), which defers the effective date of ASU 2014-09 to January 1, 2018. Early adoption of ASU 2014-09 is permitted in the first quarter
of 2017. The guidance permits the use of either the retrospective or cumulative effect transition method. The Company is evaluating the effect that ASU 2014-09 will have on its consolidated financial statements and related disclosures.  
  2.  Accounts Receivable and Allowance for Doubtful Receivables    
 Accounts receivable are reduced by an allowance for an estimate of amounts that are uncollectible. Substantially all of the Company s receivables are due
from customers in North America. The Company extends credit to its customers based upon its evaluation of the following factors: (i) the customer s financial condition, (ii) the amount of credit the customer requests, and
(iii) the customer s actual payment history (which includes disputed invoice resolution). The Company does not typically require its customers to post a deposit or supply collateral. The Company s allowance for doubtful receivables is
based on an analysis that estimates the amount of its total customer receivable balance that is not collectible. This analysis includes assessing a default probability to customers  receivable balances, which is influenced by several factors
including (i) current market conditions, (ii) periodic review of customer credit worthiness, and (iii) review of customer receivable aging and payment trends.  
 The Company writes off accounts receivable when they become uncollectible, and payments subsequently received on such receivables are credited to the
allowance in the period the payment is received. Credit losses from continuing operations have consistently been within management s expectations.  
 The following table presents the activity in the Company s allowance for doubtful receivables (in thousands):  
   
    3.  Inventories    
 The Company uses the lower of last-in, first-out (  LIFO  ) cost or market to value certain of its business forms inventories and the lower of
first-in, first-out (  FIFO  ) cost or market to value its remaining forms inventories. The Company regularly reviews inventories on hand, using specific aging categories, and writes down the carrying value of its inventories for
excess and potentially obsolete inventories based on historical usage and estimated future usage. In assessing the ultimate realization of its inventories, the Company is required to make judgments as to future demand requirements. As actual future
demand or market conditions may vary from those projected by the Company, adjustments to inventories may be required.  
      9  

Table of Contents  

ENNIS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES   
  NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   
  FOR THE PERIOD ENDED AUGUST 31, 2016   
  3.  Inventories-continued        
  The following table summarizes the components of inventories at the different stages of production as of the
dates indicated (in thousands):      
    4.  Acquisitions    
 On August 12, 2016, the Company acquired the assets of Atlas Tag Company of Canada Inc. ( Atlas ) for $0.3 million in cash. Atlas is located in
Ajax, Ontario, Canada. Management considers this acquisition immaterial.    On March 19, 2016, the Company acquired the assets of Major Business
Systems, Inc. (  Major  ) for $0.6 million in cash. Major is located in Hillsborough, North Carolina. Major s products will be sold through the Company s normal sales channel of independent distributors, which allows the
Company to enhance its current product mix and to pursue more expansive product lines in the integrated document market. Management considers this acquisition immaterial.  
 On July 31, 2015, the Company acquired the assets of CMC Group, Inc. for $0.3 million in cash plus the assumption of certain accrued liabilities.
Management considers this acquisition immaterial.     5.  Discontinued Operations    
 On April 1, 2016, the Company entered into a Unit Purchase Agreement (the   Initial Purchase Agreement  ) with Alstyle Operations, LLC (the
  Initial Buyer  ) and, for the limited purpose set forth in such Initial Purchase Agreement, Steve S. Hong. Under the Initial Purchase Agreement, the Initial Buyer agreed to acquire Alstyle Apparel, LLC and its subsidiaries (the
  Apparel Segment  ) from the Company for an aggregate purchase price of $88.0 million, consisting of $76.0 million in cash to be paid at closing, subject to a working capital adjustment, and an additional $12.0 million to be paid
pursuant to a capital lease covering certain equipment utilized by the Apparel Segment that was to have been retained by the Company. The Initial Purchase Agreement contemplated post-closing transition services for up to 18 months.  
 Under the Initial Purchase Agreement, the Company retained the right to terminate such agreement in the event that the Company received an unsolicited
purchase offer for the Apparel Segment that was not matched by the Initial Buyer, which, in the judgment of the Board of Directors of the Company (the   Board  ) in the exercise of its fiduciary duties on behalf of the Company s
shareholders, deemed such offer to be a superior offer to the transactions contemplated by the Initial Purchase Agreement.    On May 4, 2016, the
Company received what the Board determined to be a superior offer from Gildan. In connection therewith, the Company terminated the Initial Purchase Agreement and paid the required $3.0 million termination fee to the Initial Buyer. In connection with
the superior offer, the Company and Gildan entered into a Unit Purchase Agreement, dated May 4, 2016 (the   Gildan Purchase Agreement  ), pursuant to which on May 25, 2016 Gildan acquired the Apparel Segment from the Company
for an all-cash purchase price of $110.0 million, subject to a working capital adjustment, customary indemnification arrangements, and the other terms of the Gildan Purchase Agreement. The Company is providing transition assistance to Gildan for
certain administrative, financial, human resource, and information technology matters and is subleasing from Gildan a portion of real property located in Anaheim, California. As part of the purchase price, Gildan funded the Company s payment of
the $3.0 million termination fee payable to the Initial Buyer as result of the termination of the Initial Purchase Agreement.  
      10  

Table of Contents  

ENNIS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES   
  NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   
  FOR THE PERIOD ENDED AUGUST 31, 2016   
  5.  Discontinued Operations-continued        
  Balance sheet information for the Apparel Segment presented as discontinued operations is summarized as
follows     (in thousands):       
   The operating results of these discontinued operations only reflect revenues and expenses that are directly attributable to
the Apparel Segment and that will be eliminated from ongoing operations. The key components from discontinued operations related to the Apparel Segment were as follows (in thousands):  

(1) 
 The termination fee, in the amount of $3.0 million, paid as a result of the termination of the Initial Purchase Agreement for the sale of the Apparel Segment is included in this amount.    
      11  

Table of Contents  

ENNIS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES   
  NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   
  FOR THE PERIOD ENDED AUGUST 31, 2016   
  5.  Discontinued Operations-continued        

    6.  Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets    
 Goodwill represents the excess of the purchase price over the fair value of net assets of acquired businesses and is not amortized. Goodwill and
indefinite-lived intangibles are evaluated for impairment on an annual basis as of November 30 of each year, or more frequently if impairment indicators arise, using a fair-value-based test that compares the fair value of the asset to its
carrying value. The impairment test for goodwill uses a two-step approach. Step one compares the fair value of the reporting unit to which goodwill is assigned to its carrying amount. If the carrying amount exceeds its estimated fair value, a
potential impairment is indicated and step two is performed. Step two compares the carrying amount of the reporting unit s goodwill to its implied fair value. In calculating the implied fair value of reporting unit goodwill, the fair value of
the reporting unit is allocated to all of the assets and liabilities, including unrecognized intangible assets of that reporting unit based on their fair values, similar to the allocation that occurs in a business combination. The excess of the fair
value of a reporting unit over the amount assigned to its other assets and liabilities is the implied fair value of goodwill. If the carrying value of goodwill exceeds its implied fair value, an impairment charge is recognized in an amount equal to
that excess. If the implied fair value of goodwill exceeds the carrying amount, goodwill is not impaired. The Company must make assumptions regarding estimated future cash flows and other factors to determine the fair value of the respective assets
in assessing the recoverability of its goodwill and other intangibles. If these estimates or the related assumptions change, the Company may be required to record additional impairment charges relating to these assets in the future.  
 The cost of intangible assets is based on fair values at the date of acquisition. Intangible assets with determinable lives are amortized on a straight- line
basis over their estimated useful life (between 1 and 15 years). Trademarks and trade names with indefinite lives are evaluated for impairment on an annual basis, or more frequently if impairment indicators arise. The Company assesses the
recoverability of its definite-lived intangible assets primarily based on its current and anticipated future undiscounted cash flows.    The carrying amount
and accumulated amortization of the Company s intangible assets at each balance sheet date are as follows (in thousands):      
 
      12  

Table of Contents  

ENNIS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES   
  NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   
  FOR THE PERIOD ENDED AUGUST 31, 2016   
  6.  Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets-continued        

   Aggregate amortization expense for the six months ended August 31, 2016 and August 31, 2015 was $2.3 million and
$2.3 million, respectively.    The Company s estimated amortization expense for the next five fiscal years ending in February of the stated fiscal year
is as follows (in thousands):      
   Changes in the net carrying amount of goodwill as of the dates indicated are as follows (in thousands):  
   
   During the six months ended August 31, 2015, a $48,000 purchase price allocation adjustment was added to goodwill related
to the acquisition of Sovereign Business Forms.  
      13  

Table of Contents  

ENNIS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES   
  NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   
  FOR THE PERIOD ENDED AUGUST 31, 2016       
   7.  Other Accrued Expenses    
 The following table summarizes the components of other accrued expenses as of the dates indicated (in thousands):  
   
    8.  Long-Term Debt    
 Long-term debt consisted of the following as of the dates indicated (in thousands):      
   On August 11, 2016, the Company entered into the Sixth Amendment to its Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement (as
amended, the   Credit Facility  ). The Sixth Amendment extends the maturity date of the Credit Facility to August 11, 2020 and provides the Company and its subsidiaries with up to $100.0 million in revolving credit, as well as a
$20.0 million sublimit for the issuance of letters of credit and a $15.0 million sublimit for swing-line loans. Under the Credit Facility, the Company or any or its subsidiaries also can request up to three increases in the aggregate commitments in
an aggregate amount not to exceed $50.0 million. Under the Credit Facility: (i) the Company s net leverage ratio may not exceed 3.00:1.00, (ii) the Company s fixed charge coverage ratio may not be less than 1.25:1.00, and
(iii) the Company may make dividends or distributions to shareholders so long as (x) no event of default has occurred and is continuing and (y) the Company s net leverage ratio both before and after giving effect to any such
dividend or distribution is equal to or less than 2.50:1.00.    The Credit Facility bears interest at the London Interbank Offered Rate
(  LIBOR  ) plus a spread ranging from 1.0% to 2.0%, or 1.80% (3 month LIBOR + 1.0%) at August 31, 2016 and 1.76% (30 day LIBOR + 1.25%) at February 29, 2016, depending on the Company s ratio of total funded debt to the
sum of net earnings from continuing operations plus interest, tax, depreciation, and amortization (  EBITDA  ). As of August 31, 2016, the Company had $30.0 million of borrowings under the revolving credit line and $2.1 million
outstanding under standby letters of credit arrangements, leaving approximately $67.9 million available. The Credit Facility is secured by substantially all of the Company s assets (other than real property), as well as all capital
securities of each of the Company s subsidiaries.  
      14  

Table of Contents  

ENNIS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES   
  NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   
  FOR THE PERIOD ENDED AUGUST 31, 2016       
   9.  Shareholders  Equity    
 Changes in shareholders  equity accounts for the six months ended August 31, 2016 are as follows (in thousands, except share amounts):  
   
   The Board has authorized the repurchase of up to an aggregate of $20.0 million of the Company s outstanding common stock
through a stock repurchase program. Under the repurchase program, share purchases may be made from time to time in the open market or through privately negotiated transactions depending on market conditions, share price, trading volume and other
factors. Such purchases, if any, will be made in accordance with applicable insider trading and other securities laws and regulations. These repurchases may be commenced or suspended at any time or from time to time without prior notice.  
 During the six months ended August 31, 2016, the Company repurchased 103,705 shares of common stock at an average price of $17.22 per share. Since the
program s inception in October 2008, there has been 822,216 common shares repurchased at an average price of $14.18 per share. As of August 31, 2016 there was $8.3 million available to repurchase shares of the Company s common stock
under the program.     10.  Stock Option Plan and Stock Based Compensation    
 The Company grants stock options and restricted stock to key executives and managerial employees and non-employee directors. At August 31, 2016, the
Company had one stock option plan, the 2004 Long-Term Incentive Plan of Ennis, Inc., as amended and restated as of June 30, 2011, formerly the 1998 Option and Restricted Stock Plan amended and restated as of May 14, 2008 (the
  Plan  ). The Company has 601,308 shares of unissued common stock reserved under the Plan for issuance as of August 31, 2016. The exercise price of each stock option granted under the Plan equals a referenced price of the
Company s common stock as reported on the New York Stock Exchange on the date of grant, and an option s maximum term is ten years. Stock options and restricted stock may be granted at different times during the year and vest ratably over
various periods, from grant date up to five years. The Company uses treasury stock to satisfy option exercises and restricted stock awards.    The Company
recognizes compensation expense for stock options and restricted stock grants on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period. For the three months ended August 31, 2016 and August 31, 2015, the Company included compensation
expense related to share-based compensation of $0.4 million ($0.2 million net of tax), and $0.4 million ($0.2 million net of tax), respectively, in selling, general, and administrative expenses. For the six months ended August 31, 2016 and
August 31, 2015, the Company included compensation expense related to share-based compensation of $0.7 million ($0.4 million net of tax), and $0.7 million ($0.4 million net of tax), respectively, in selling, general, and administrative
expenses.  
      15  

Table of Contents  

ENNIS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES   
  NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   
  FOR THE PERIOD ENDED AUGUST 31, 2016   
  10.  Stock Option Plan and Stock Based Compensation-continued        
    Stock Options    
 The Company had the following stock option activity for the six months ended August 31, 2016:  

(a) 
 Intrinsic value is measured as the excess fair market value of the Company s common stock as reported on the New York Stock Exchange over the applicable exercise price.    
 No stock options were granted during the six months ended August 31, 2016. The following is a summary of the assumptions used and the weighted average
grant-date fair value of the stock options granted during the six months ended August 31, 2015:      
   A summary of the stock options exercised and tax benefits realized from stock based compensation is presented below (in
thousands):      
 
      16  

Table of Contents  

ENNIS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES   
  NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   
  FOR THE PERIOD ENDED AUGUST 31, 2016   
  10.  Stock Option Plan and Stock Based Compensation-continued        
  A summary of the Company s unvested stock options at August 31, 2016 and the changes during the six
months ended August 31, 2016 are presented below:      
   As of August 31, 2016, there was $7,000 of unrecognized compensation cost related to unvested stock options granted under
the Plan. The weighted average remaining requisite service period of the unvested stock options was 1.3 years.      Restricted Stock    
 The Company had the following restricted stock grant activity for the six months ended August 31, 2016:  
   
   As of August 31, 2016, the total remaining unrecognized compensation cost related to unvested restricted stock granted
under the Plan was approximately $2.2 million. The weighted average remaining requisite service period of the unvested restricted stock awards was 1.9 years.  
  11.  Pension Plan      The Company and certain
subsidiaries have a noncontributory defined benefit retirement plan (the   Pension Plan  ), covering approximately 21% of aggregate employees. Benefits are based on years of service and the employee s average compensation for the
highest five compensation years preceding retirement or termination.  
      17  

Table of Contents  

ENNIS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES   
  NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   
  FOR THE PERIOD ENDED AUGUST 31, 2016   
  11.  Pension Plan-continued        
  Pension expense is composed of the following components included in cost of goods sold and selling, general,
and administrative expenses in the Company s consolidated statements of earnings (in thousands):      
   The Company is required to make contributions to the Pension Plan. These contributions are required under the minimum funding
requirements of ERISA. Due to the enactment of the Highway and Transportation Funding Act (HATFA) in August 2014, plan sponsors can calculate the discount rate used to measure the Pension Plan liability using a 25-year average of interest rates plus
or minus a corridor. The Company s minimum required contribution to the Pension Plan is zero for the Pension Plan year ending February 28, 2017. However, the Company expects to make a cash contribution to the Pension Plan of between $2.0
million and $3.0 million during fiscal year 2017. The Company contributed $3.0 million to the Pension Plan during fiscal year 2016.     12.
 Earnings (loss) per Share      Basic earnings (loss) per share have been computed by dividing net earnings by the weighted average number of common
shares outstanding during the applicable period. Diluted earnings (loss) per share reflect the potential dilution that could occur if stock options or other contracts to issue common shares were exercised or converted into common stock.  
 For the three months ended August 31, 2016, 42,500 shares related to stock options were not included in the diluted earnings per share computation
because the exercise price of such shares exceeded the average fair market value of the Company s stock. For the six months ended August 31, 2016, all shares related to stock options were included in the diluted loss per share computation
because the average fair market value of such shares exceeded the exercise price of the Company s stock. For the three and six months ended August 31, 2015, 172,543 and 203,961 shares, respectively, related to stock options were not
included in the diluted earnings per share computation because their exercise price exceeded the average fair market value of the Company s stock. The following table sets forth the computation for basic and diluted earnings (loss) per share
for the periods indicated:  
      18  

Table of Contents  

ENNIS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES   
  NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   
  FOR THE PERIOD ENDED AUGUST 31, 2016   
  12.  Earnings (loss) per Share-continued        

    13.  Concentrations of Risk    
 Financial instruments that potentially subject the Company to a concentration of credit risk principally consist of cash and trade receivables. Cash is placed
with high-credit quality financial institutions. The Company believes its credit risk with respect to trade receivables is limited due to industry and geographic diversification. As disclosed on the Consolidated Balance Sheets, the Company maintains
an allowance for doubtful receivables to cover the Company s estimate of credit losses associated with accounts receivable.    The Company, for quality
and pricing reasons, purchases its paper, cotton and yarn products from a limited number of suppliers. To maintain its high standard of color control associated with its apparel products, the Company purchases its dyeing chemicals from limited
sources. While other sources may be available to the Company to purchase these products, they may not be available at the cost or at the quality the Company has come to expect.  
 For the purposes of the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, the Company considers cash to include cash on hand and in bank accounts. The Federal Deposit
Insurance Corporation (  FDIC  ) insures accounts up to $250,000. At August 31, 2016, cash balances included $84.6 million that was not federally insured because it represented amounts in individual accounts above the federally
insured limit for each such account. This at-risk amount is subject to fluctuation on a daily basis. While management does not believe there is significant risk with respect to such deposits, we cannot be assured that we will not experience losses
on our deposits.     14.  Subsequent Events      On
September 23, 2016, the Board declared a quarterly cash dividend of 17   1   2  cents per share, which will be paid on November 7, 2016 to the shareholders of
record on October 14, 2016.  
      19  

Table of Contents  

   ENNIS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES   
  FORM 10-Q      FOR THE PERIOD
ENDED AUGUST 31, 2016       

Item 2.  
    MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS     
  Overview     Ennis, Inc. (formerly Ennis
Business Forms, Inc.) was organized under the laws of Texas in 1909. Ennis, Inc. and its subsidiaries print and manufacture a broad line of business forms and other business products. We distribute business products and forms throughout the United
States primarily through independent dealers. This distributor channel encompasses independent print distributors, commercial printers, direct mail, fulfillment companies, payroll and accounts payable software companies, and advertising agencies,
among others. We also sell products to many of our competitors to satisfy their customer s needs.    On April 1, 2016, we entered
into a Unit Purchase Agreement (the   Initial   Purchase Agreement  ) with Alstyle Operations, LLC (the   Initial Buyer  ) and, for the limited purpose set forth in such Initial Purchase Agreement, Steve S. Hong.
Under the Initial Purchase Agreement, the Initial Buyer agreed to acquire Alstyle Apparel, LLC and its subsidiaries (the   Apparel Segment  ) from us for an aggregate purchase price of $88.0 million, consisting of $76.0 million in
cash to be paid at closing, subject to a working capital adjustment, and an additional $12.0 million to be paid pursuant to a capital lease covering certain equipment utilized by the Apparel Segment that was to have been retained by us. The Initial
Purchase Agreement contemplated post-closing transition services for up to 18 months.    Under the Initial Purchase Agreement, we retained
the right to terminate such agreement in the event that the Company received an unsolicited purchase offer for the Apparel Segment that was not matched by the Initial Buyer, which, in the judgment of our Board of Directors (the
  Board  ) in the exercise of its fiduciary duties on behalf of the our shareholders, deemed such offer to be a superior offer to the transactions contemplated by the Initial Purchase Agreement.  
 On May 4, 2016, the Company received what the Board determined to be a superior offer from Gildan Activewear Inc.
(  Gildan  ). In connection therewith, we terminated the Initial Purchase Agreement and paid the required $3.0 million termination fee to the Initial Buyer. In connection with the superior offer, the Company and Gildan entered into a
Unit Purchase Agreement, dated May 4, 2016 (the   Gildan Purchase Agreement  ). Gildan acquired the Apparel Segment for an all-cash purchase price of $110.0 million, subject to a working capital adjustment, customary
indemnification arrangements, and the other terms of the Gildan Purchase Agreement. We are providing transition assistance to Gildan for certain administrative, financial, human resource, and information technology matters, and we are subleasing
from Gildan a portion of a real property located in Anaheim, California. As part of the purchase price, Gildan funded our payment of the $3.0 million termination fee payable to the Initial Buyer in connection with the termination of the Initial
Purchase. We filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission Current Reports on Form 8-K on May 4, 2016 and June 1, 2016 regarding the Gildan Purchase Agreement and the consummation of the sale of the Apparel Segment, respectively, and
reference is made herein to those current reports for further explanation.    Based on certain tax elections expected to be made, we
anticipate that we will be able to treat the loss arising from the sale of the Apparel Segment as an operating loss for tax purposes.    On
August 12, 2016, we acquired the assets of Atlas for $0.3 million in cash. Atlas is located in Ajax, Ontario, Canada. Management considers this acquisition immaterial.  
 On March 19, 2016, we acquired the assets of Major Business Systems, Inc. (  Major  ) for $0.6 million in cash. Major is
located in Hillsborough, North Carolina. Major s products will be sold through our normal sales channel of independent distributors, which allows us to enhance our product mix and pursue more expansive product lines in the integrated document
market. Major, which generated approximately $3.4 million in unaudited sales for the twelve-month period ended April 30, 2015, will continue to operate under its brand name.  
 On July 31, 2015, we acquired the assets of CMC Group, Inc. for $0.3 million in cash plus the assumption of certain accrued current
liabilities. Management considers this acquisition immaterial.  
      20  

Table of Contents  

ENNIS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES   
  FORM 10-Q      FOR THE PERIOD
ENDED AUGUST 31, 2016       
  During the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2016, we were required to move our folder operations
from Omaha, Nebraska to Columbus, Kansas, due to the owners  desire to sell the facility. The move and inefficiencies associated with starting-up and training new employees has had a negative impact on revenues and operational margins over the
past several quarters. While our current quarter s results continued to be impacted by this relocation, we expect that the negative overhang associated with this move will end soon. In addition to the foregoing, our medical claims have exceeded
our historical trend line during the last fiscal year. As a result, we made an additional contribution of $2.3 million to our medical reserve, which negatively impacted our operational margins during this quarter. Whether our medical claims will
continue to exceed our historical trend line and thus require us to take additional unusual charges in the future is unknown at this point. We are currently evaluating various alternatives that we may pursue in the future in hopes of decreasing our
medical claims cost. However, we do not expect that any alternative we may choose will impact our medical claims cost curve until next fiscal year.  
  Business Overview     Our management
believes we are the largest provider of business forms, pressure-seal forms, labels, tags, envelopes, and presentation folders to independent distributors in the United States.  
 We are in the business of manufacturing, designing, and selling business forms and other printed business products primarily to distributors
located in the United States. We operate 58 manufacturing plants throughout the United States in 22 strategically located states. Approximately 95% of the business products manufactured are custom and semi-custom products, constructed in a wide
variety of sizes, colors, number of parts, and quantities on an individual job basis, depending upon the customers  specifications.  
 The products sold include snap sets, continuous forms, laser cut sheets, tags, labels, envelopes, integrated products, jumbo rolls and
pressure sensitive products in short, medium and long runs under the following labels: Ennis , Royal Business Forms , Block Graphics , Specialized Printed Forms , 360  Custom
Labels SM , ColorWorx , Enfusion , Uncompromised Check Solutions , VersaSeal , Witt Printing , B D Litho , Genforms , PrintGraphics  SM , Calibrated Forms , PrintXcel SM , Printegra , Curtis Business Forms SM , Falcon
Business Forms SM , Forms Manufacturers SM , Mutual Graphics SM , TRI- C Business Forms SM , Major Business Systems SM , and Hoosier Data Forms . We also sell the Adams McClure  brand (which provides Point of Purchase advertising
for large franchise and fast food chains, as well as kitting and fulfillment); the Admore  and Folder Express  brands (which provide presentation folders and document folders); Ennis Tag   Label SM  (which provides custom printed, high performance labels and custom and stock tags); Atlas Tag   Label , Kay Toledo Tag SM , and
Special Service Partners SM  (SSP) (which provides custom and stock tags and labels); Trade Envelopes , Block Graphics , Wisco , and National Imprint Corporation  (which provide
custom and imprinted envelopes) and Northstar  and General Financial Supply  (which provide financial and security documents).    We
sell predominantly through private printers and independent distributors, as well as to many of our competitors. Northstar also sells direct to a small number of customers, generally large banking organizations (where a distributor is not acceptable
or available to the end-user). Northstar acquired several of the top 25 banks in the United States as customers and is actively pursuing other large banks within the top 25 tier of banks in the United States. Adams McClure also sells direct to a
small number of customers, where sales are generally through advertising agencies.    The printing industry generally sells its products
either through sales made predominantly to end users, a market dominated by a few large manufacturers, such as R.R. Donnelley and Sons, Staples, Inc., Standard Register Co.(a subsidiary of Taylor Corporation), and Cenveo, Inc., or, like the Company,
through a variety of independent distributors and distributor groups. While it is not possible, because of the lack of adequate public statistical information, to determine the Company s share of the total business products market, management
believes the Company is the largest producer of business forms, pressure-seal forms, labels, tags, envelopes, and presentation folders in the United States distributing primarily through independent dealers.  
 There are a number of competitors that operate in this segment, ranging in size from single employee-owner operations to multi- plant
organizations. We believe our strategic locations and buying power permit us to compete on a favorable basis within the distributor market on competitive factors, such as service, quality, and price.  
 Distribution of business forms and other business products throughout the United States is primarily done through independent dealers,
including business form distributors, resellers, direct mail, commercial printers, payroll and accounts payable software companies, and advertising agencies.  
 Raw materials principally consist of a wide variety of weights, widths, colors, sizes, and qualities of paper for business products purchased
from generally one major supplier at favorable prices based on the volume of business.    Business products usage in the printing industry
is generally not seasonal. General economic conditions and contraction of the traditional business forms industry are the predominant factor in quarterly volume fluctuations.  
      21  

Table of Contents  

ENNIS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES   
  FORM 10-Q      FOR THE PERIOD
ENDED AUGUST 31, 2016       
   Business Challenges   
 We are engaged in an industry undergoing significant changes, including consolidation of some of our traditional channels, product
obsolescence, expansion of commodity materials to our competition, as well as cheaper material imports due to the strong dollar. Technology advances have made electronic distribution of documents, internet hosting, digital printing and
print-on-demand valid, cost-effective alternatives to traditional custom printed documents and customer communications. Improved equipment has become more accessible to our competitors due to the continued low interest rate environment. We face
highly competitive conditions throughout the supply chain in an already over-supplied, price-competitive print industry. The challenges of our business include the following:  
  Transformation of our portfolio of products      While traditional business documents are essential in order to conduct business, many are
being replaced through the use of cheaper paper grades or imported paper, or devalued with advances in digital technologies, causing steady declines in demand for a portion of our current product line. Transforming our product offerings in order to
continue to provide innovative, valuable solutions through lower labor and fixed charges to our customers on a proactive basis will require us to make investments in new and existing technology and to develop key strategic business relationships,
such as print-on-demand services and product offerings that assist customers in their transition to digital business environments. In addition, we will continue to look for new market opportunities and niches through acquisitions, such as the
addition of our envelope offerings, tag offerings, folder offerings, healthcare wristbands, secure document solutions, innovative in-mold label offerings and long-run integrated products with high color web printing, which provide us with an
opportunity for growth and differentiate us from our competition.     Excess production capacity and price competition within our industry   
Paper mills continue to adjust production capacity through downtime and closures to attempt to keep supply in line with demand, although a number of countries have disrupted the supply/demand curve by dumping paper into the U.S. market. Due to the
number of paper mills worldwide, paper prices have been and are expected to remain fairly weak, although the strong dollar has attracted cheaper material into the United States notwithstanding the trade tariffs imposed. We will continue to focus our
efforts on effectively managing and controlling our product costs to minimize these effects on our operational results, primarily through the use of forecasting, production and costing models. As always, some of these negative factors are cyclical
and we will continue to focus on maintaining our margins when the inevitable currency swings go the other way.     Continued consolidation of our
customers    Our customers, who are distributors, are consolidating or are being acquired by competitors. As such, they demand better pricing and services, or they are required to move their business to their new parent company s
manufacturing facilities. While we continue to maintain a majority of this business, it is possible that these consolidations and acquisitions will impact our margins and our sales in the near future.  
   Cautionary Statements Regarding Forward Looking Statements    
 You should read this discussion and analysis in conjunction with our Consolidated Financial Statements and the related notes appearing
elsewhere in this Report. All of the statements in this Report, other than historical facts, are forward-looking statements, including, without limitation, the statements made in the  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations,  particularly under the caption  Overview.  As a general matter, forward-looking statements are those focused upon anticipated events or trends, expectations, and beliefs relating to matters that
are not historical in nature. The words  could,   should,   feel,   anticipate,   aim,   preliminary,   expect,   believe,   estimate,   intend, 
 intent,   plan,   will,   foresee,   project,    forecast,  or the negative thereof or variations thereon, and similar expressions identify forward-looking statements.  
 The Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 provides a  safe harbor  for these forward-looking statements. In order to
comply with the terms of the safe harbor, Ennis, Inc. notes that forward-looking statements are subject to known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors relating to its operations and business environment, all of which are difficult to
predict and many of which are beyond the control of Ennis, Inc. These known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors could cause actual results to differ materially from those matters expressed in, anticipated by or implied by such
forward-looking statements.    These statements reflect the current views and assumptions of management with respect to future events.
Ennis, Inc. does not undertake, and hereby disclaims, any duty to update these forward-looking statements, even though its situation and circumstances may change in the future. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on forward-looking
statements, which speak only as of the date of this report. The inclusion of any statement in this report does not constitute an admission by Ennis, Inc. or any other person that the events or circumstances described in such statement are material.
 
      22  

Table of Contents  

ENNIS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES   
  FORM 10-Q      FOR THE PERIOD
ENDED AUGUST 31, 2016       
  We believe these forward- looking statements are based upon reasonable assumptions. All such
statements involve risks and uncertainties, and as a result, actual results could differ materially from those projected, anticipated or implied by these statements. Such forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, including but not
limited to, general economic, business and labor conditions and the potential impact on our operations; our ability to implement our strategic initiatives and control our operational costs; dependence on a limited number of key suppliers; our
ability to recover the rising cost of raw materials and other costs (i.e., energy, freight, labor, benefit costs, etc.) in markets that are highly price competitive and volatile; our ability to timely or adequately respond to technological changes
in the industry; the impact of the Internet and other electronic media on the demand for forms and printed materials; the impact of foreign competition; changes in economic conditions; customer credit risk; competitors  pricing strategies; a
decline in business volume and profitability could result in an impairment in our reported goodwill negatively impacting our operational results; our ability to retain key management personnel; our ability to identify, manage or integrate
acquisitions; and changes in government regulations. In addition to the factors indicated above, you should carefully consider the risks described in and incorporated by reference herein and in the risk factors in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for
the fiscal year ended February 29, 2016 before making an investment in our common stock.     Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates   
 In preparing our consolidated financial statements, we are required to make estimates and assumptions that affect the disclosures and reported
amounts of assets and liabilities at the date of the consolidated financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. We evaluate our estimates and judgments on an ongoing basis, including those
related to allowance for doubtful receivables, inventory valuations, property, plant and equipment, intangible assets, pension plan obligations, accrued liabilities and income taxes. We base our estimates and judgments on historical experience and
on various other factors that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances. Actual results may differ materially from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. We believe our accounting policies related to the aforementioned
items, are the most critical due to their effect on our more significant estimates and judgments used in preparation of our consolidated financial statements. For additional information, reference is made to the Critical Accounting Policies and
Estimates section of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended February 29, 2016.     Results of Operations   
 The discussion that follows provides information which we believe is relevant to an understanding of our results of operations and financial
condition. The discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with the accompanying consolidated financial statements and notes thereto, which are incorporated herein by reference. This analysis is presented in the following sections:  

Consolidated Summary    this section provides an overview of our consolidated results of operations for the three and six months ended August 31, 2016 and August 31, 2015.    
      23  

Table of Contents  

ENNIS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES   
  FORM 10-Q      FOR THE PERIOD
ENDED AUGUST 31, 2016       
    Consolidated Summary        

   The following table reconciles, on a non-GAAP basis, the reported numbers to the adjusted numbers for the three months ended
August 31, 2016 and the six months ended August 31, 2016, after eliminating the negative impact associated with the higher than normal medical expenses during the quarter and the negative impact of the Folder Express relocation.  
   
    Three months ended August 31, 2016 compared to three months ended August 31, 2015   
  Net Sales.  Our net sales were $91.2 million for the quarter ended August 31, 2016, compared to $100.5 million for same quarter last
year and $90.4 million for the sequential quarter, or a decrease of 9.3% over the comparable quarter and an increase of 0.9% over the sequential quarter. Our print sales for the current quarter, compared to same period last year, decreased. This was
likely due primarily to our lack of new acquisitions. Though over the years, acquisitions have been an integral part of our strategy to offset industry revenue declines that result from normal print attrition and general economic conditions, we were
focused on completing the sale of our Apparel Segment this year. Thus, we have not completed any meaningful print acquisitions. Also, the move of our Company s folder operations from Omaha, Nebraska to Columbus, Kansas decreased our sales by
approximately $2.4 million during the quarter.     Cost of Goods Sold.  Our cost of goods sold decreased by $4.9 million from
$69.1 million for the three months ended August 31, 2015 to $64.2 million for the three months ended August 31, 2016, or 7.1%. Our gross profit margin (  margin  ) was $27.0 million for the quarter, or 29.6%. This
compares to 31.2% for the same quarter last year, but has improved slightly from 29.5% for the sequential quarter. Our margin continues to be negatively impacted in the current quarter by the costs associated with the move of our folder operations.
Also, the start-up training process for the labor force has decreased efficiencies, decreasing our sales and negatively impacting our margin this quarter by an estimated $1.3 million. While the overall relocation process has taken longer than
initially expected, we expect that the negative overhang associated with this move will end soon. In addition, because our medical claims exceeded our historical trends this quarter, we were required to take an additional charge of $2.3 million to
our medical reserve;  
      24  

Table of Contents  

ENNIS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES   
  FORM 10-Q      FOR THE PERIOD
ENDED AUGUST 31, 2016       
  
doing so impacted our gross profit margin during the quarter by approximately $1.6 million. We are currently evaluating various alternatives in hopes of decreasing the medical claims cost.
However, we do not expect that any alternative we may choose will impact our medical claims cost curve until next fiscal year. Without the aforementioned items  negative effects on our gross profit margin, our gross profit margin, on a non-GAAP
basis, would have been approximately $29.9 million for the current quarter, or 32.8%.     Selling, general, and administrative
expense.  For the three months ended August 31, 2016, our selling, general, and administrative expenses remained level at $16.1 million for the three months ended August 31, 2016 and August 31, 2015. As a percentage of sales,
the selling, general, and administrative expenses were 17.6% and 16.0% for the three months ended August 31, 2016 and August 31, 2015, respectively, due to lower sales volume. With the completion of the sale of our Apparel Segment on
May 25, 2016, we expect to have opportunities to pursue acquisitions as part of our plan to better leverage these expenses in the future. In addition, in connection with the sale of the Apparel Segment, we entered into a transition services
agreement with Gildan, pursuant to which we agreed to provide specified administrative services to Gildan for a stipulated period of time. We believe that, once the Company s obligations under the transition services agreement have been
completed, our selling, general, and administrative expenses will reduce. Also, due to the additional charge to our medical reserve discussed above, our selling, general, and administrative expense line was further increased during the current
quarter by approximately $0.7 million. Had we not incurred the additional charge to our medical reserve, our selling, general, and administrative expense line this quarter, on a non-GAAP basis, would have been $15.5 million, or 16.9% of sales.  
  Gain from disposal of assets.  The $4,000 gain from disposal of assets during the current quarter related primarily to the sale of a
vehicle. The gain of $8,000 during the same quarter last year related primarily to the sale of unused manufacturing equipment.     Income
from operations.  Our income from continuing operations for the three months ended August 31, 2016 was $11.0 million, or 12.0% of sales, as compared to $15.3 million, or 15.2% of sales, for the three months ended August 31, 2015.
Without the negative impact associated with our folder operations move and the additional charge to our medical reserve during the current quarter, our income from continuing operations, on a non-GAAP basis, would have been $14.5 million, or 15.9%
of sales.     Other expense.  Other expense for the three months ended August 31, 2016 was $0.2 million, as opposed to zero for
the three months ended August 31, 2015. Such other expense primarily accounts for the reallocation of interest expense from the Print Segment to our former Apparel Segment as part of discontinued operations for last fiscal year.  
  Provision for income taxes.  Our effective tax rate for continuing operations was 37.0% for the three months ended August 31, 2016
and August 31, 2015.     Net earnings.  Our net earnings from continuing operations for three months ended August 31, 2016
was $0.26, compared to $0.37 for the same quarter last year. There were no discontinued operations during the three months ended August 31, 2016, compared to net earnings from discontinued operations during the three months ended
August 31, 2015 of $0.06. During the three months ended August 31, 2016, as previously discussed, our operational results continued to be negatively impacted by the relocation costs of our Folder Express operation and as a result of the
$2.3 million charge for higher than normal medical expenses that we incurred. Without the negative impact of these items, on a non-GAAP basis, our adjusted net earnings from continuing operations for the three months ended August 31, 2016 would
have been $9.0 million, and our adjusted earnings per share from continuing operations for the three months ended August 31, 2016 would have been $0.35 per diluted share.  
  Six months ended August 31, 2016 compared to six months ended August 31, 2015   
  Net Sales.  Our net sales were $181.7 million for the six-month period ended August 31, 2016, compared to $197.2 million for same
period last year, or a decrease of 7.9%. Primarily as a result of our lack of acquisitions, our print sales for the six months ended August 31, 2016 decreased, compared to print sales for the six months ended August 31, 2015. Though over
the years, acquisitions have been an integral part of our strategy to offset industry revenue declines that result from normal print attrition and general economic conditions, we were focused on completing the sale of our Apparel Segment this year.
Thus, we have not completed any meaningful print acquisitions. Also, the move  
      25  

Table of Contents  

ENNIS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES   
  FORM 10-Q      FOR THE PERIOD
ENDED AUGUST 31, 2016       
  
of our Company s folder operations from Omaha, Nebraska to Columbus, Kansas decreased our sales by approximately $4.5 million during the six-month period ended August 31, 2016.  
  Cost of Goods Sold.  Our cost of goods sold was $135.9 million for the six months ended August 31, 2015 and $127.9 million for the
six months ended August 31, 2016, a difference of $8.0 million, or 5.9%. Our margin was $53.7 million for the six-month period ended August 31, 2016, or 29.6%. This compares to 31.1% for the six-month same period last year. For the current
six-month period, our margin continues to be negatively impacted by the costs associated with the move of our folder operations to Kansas. The start-up training process for the labor force has decreased efficiencies, decreasing our sales and
negatively impacting our margins for the six months ended August 31, 2016 by an estimated $2.9 million for the period. While the overall relocation process has taken longer than initially expected, we expect that the negative overhang
associated with this move will end soon. In addition, we were required to take an additional charge to our medical reserve due to our medical claims exceeding our historical trends; doing so impacted our gross profit margin for the six months ended
August 31, 2016 by approximately $ 1.6 million. Without the aforementioned items  negative effects on our gross profit margin, our gross profit margin, on a non-GAAP basis, for the six months ended August 31, 2016 would have been
approximately $58.2 million, or 32.0%.     Selling, general, and administrative expense.  For the six months ended August 31,
2016, our selling, general, and administrative expenses were $32.1 million, down slightly from $32.1 million for the six months ended August 31, 2015. As a percentage of sales, the selling, general, and administrative expenses were 17.7% and
16.3% for the six months ended August 31, 2016 and August 31, 2015, respectively, due to lower sales volume. With the completion of the sale of our Apparel Segment on May 25, 2016, we expect to have opportunities to pursue
acquisitions as part of our plan to better leverage these expenses in the future. In addition, in connection with the sale of our Apparel Segment, we entered into a transition services agreement with Gildan, pursuant to which we agreed to provide
specified administrative services to Gildan for a stipulated period of time. We believe that once the Company s obligations under the transition services agreement have been completed, our selling, general, and administrative expenses will
reduce. Our selling, general, and administrative expense line was further impacted by approximately $0.7 million associated with the previously discussed additional charge to our medical reserve during the six months ended August 31, 2016. Had
we not incurred the additional charge to our medical reserve, our selling, general, and administrative expense line for the six months ended August 31, 2016, on a non-GAAP basis, would have been $31.4 million, or 17.3% of sales.  
  (Gain) loss from disposal of assets.  The $2,000 net loss from disposal of assets during the six months ended August 31, 2016,
primarily as a result of the sale of unused manufacturing equipment offset by a $4,000 gain from the sale of a vehicle during the current period. The gain of $10,000 during the six months ended August 31, 2015 primarily resulted from the sale
of unused manufacturing equipment.     Income from operations.  Our income from continuing operations for the six months ended
August 31, 2016 was $21.6 million, or 11.9% of sales, as compared to $29.2 million, or 14.8% of sales, for the six months ended August 31, 2015. Without the negative impact associated with our folder operations move and the additional
charge to our medical reserve during the six months ended August 31, 2016, our income from continuing operations, on a non-GAAP basis, would have been $26.4 million, or 14.5% of sales.  
  Other expense.  Other expense increased from $3,000 for the six months ended August 31, 2015 to $0.2 million for the six months
ended August 31, 2016. This related primarily to the reallocation of interest expense from the Print Segment to our former Apparel Segment as part of discontinued operations for last fiscal year.  
  Provision for income taxes.  Our effective tax rate for continuing operations was 37.0% for both the six months ended August 31,
2016 and the six months ended August 31, 2015. The effective tax rate for discontinued operations was 35.9% and 37.0% for the six months ended August 31, 2016 and August 31, 2015, respectively.  
  Net earnings.  Our net earnings from continuing operations for the six months ended August 31, 2016 were $0.52, compared to $0.72
for the six months ended August 31, 2015. Net earnings from discontinued operations during the six months ended August 31, 2016 were $0.10, compared to $0.07 for the six months ended August 31, 2015. Overall, before the loss on the
sale of the Apparel Segment, operational results (continued and discontinued) for the period were $0.62 per diluted share for the six months ended August 31, 2016 and $0.79 per diluted share for the six months
 
      26  

Table of Contents  

ENNIS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES   
  FORM 10-Q      FOR THE PERIOD
ENDED AUGUST 31, 2016       
  
ended August 31, 2015. The net loss from the sale of the Company s discontinued operations during the period, net of tax, was $26.0 million, or ($1.01) per share, which included the
write-off of the balance of foreign currency translation adjustments of $16.1 million, or $10.3 million, net of taxes. As a result, the Company realized a net loss of ($10.1) million, or ($0.39) per diluted share, for the six months ended
August 31, 2016, compared to net earnings of $20.2 million, or $0.79 per diluted share for the six months ended August 31, 2015. Excluding the negative impact of the Folder Express relocation and the additional medical reserve charge, our
adjusted income from continuing operations, on a non-GAAP basis, would have been $16.0 million for the six months ended August 31, 2016, and our adjusted earnings per share from continuing operations, on a non-GAAP basis, would have been $0.64
per diluted share for the six months ended August 31, 2016.     Liquidity and Capital Resources   
 We rely on our cash flows generated from operations and the borrowing capacity under our Credit Facility to meet cash requirements of our
business. The primary cash requirements of our business are payments to vendors in the normal course of business, capital expenditures, debt repayments and related interest payments, contributions to our pension plan and the payment of dividends to
our shareholders. We expect to generate sufficient cash flows from operations supplemented by our Credit Facility as required to cover our operating and capital requirements for the foreseeable future.  
   
     Working Capital.   Our working capital decreased $4.6 million or 3.4%, from $138.6 million at
February 29, 2016 to $133.9 million at August 31, 2016. Our current ratio, calculated by dividing our current assets by our current liabilities, increased from 4.4 to 1.0 at February 29, 2016 to 6.0 to 1.0 at August 31,
2016. Our current ratio increased primarily as a result of the impact associated with the cash sale of the Apparel Segment. Our working capital decreased primarily due to the special one-time dividend of $1.50 per share paid in connection with the
sale of the Apparel Segment.      
     Cash flows from operating activities.   Cash provided by operating activities decreased by $31.1
million from $60.2 million for the six months ended August 31, 2015 to $29.1 million for the six months ended August 31, 2016. Our decreased operational cash flows in comparison to the comparable period last year was primarily the result
of three factors: i) decreased operational earnings, ii) a decrease of $2.1 million associated with the collection of accounts receivable, iii) an increase in our prepaid expenses of $6.0 million, principally prepaid income taxes, and
iv) a decrease in operating cash flows from the Apparel Segment that was sold May 25, 2016.      Cash flows from investing activities.
  Cash provided by investing activities increased $108.1 million from $2.8 million used to $105.3 million provided by for the six months ended August 31, 2015 and August 31, 2016, respectively. This was primarily due to the net
proceeds of $107.4 million provided from the sale of the Apparel Segment which took place on May 25, 2016 as well as a decrease of $1.4 million used for capital expenditures.  
   Cash flows from financing activities.   We used $4.6 million more in cash from financing activities this period than during the
same period last year. We used $10.0 million in cash this year to pay down our debt, compared to $36.0 million used last year. We used $48.2 million this year to pay dividends which included a special one-time dividend of $1.50 per share that was
paid as result of the sale of the Apparel Segment, whereas we used $9.0 million to pay dividends last year. This year we used $1.8 million to repurchase our common stock under our stock repurchase  
      27  

Table of Contents  

ENNIS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES   
  FORM 10-Q      FOR THE PERIOD
ENDED AUGUST 31, 2016       
  
program, whereas we did not repurchase shares of our common stock last year. In addition, this year we received $2.9 million from the exercise of stock options, whereas for the same period
last year no stock options were exercised.      Credit Facility.   On August 11, 2016, the Company entered into the Sixth
Amendment to its Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement (as amended, the   Credit Facility  ). The Sixth Amendment extends the maturity date of the Credit Facility to August 11, 2020 and provides the Company and its
subsidiaries with up to $100.0 million in revolving credit, as well as a $20.0 million sublimit for the issuance of letters of credit and a $15.0 million sublimit for swing-line loans. Under the Credit Facility, the Company or any or its
subsidiaries also can request up to three increases in the aggregate commitments in an aggregate amount not to exceed $50.0 million. Under the Credit Facility: (i) the Company s net leverage ratio may not exceed 3.00:1.00, (ii) the
Company s fixed charge coverage ratio may not be less than 1.25:1.00, and (iii) the Company may make dividends or distributions to shareholders so long as (x) no event of default has occurred and is continuing and (y) the
Company s net leverage ratio both before and after giving effect to any such dividend or distribution is equal to or less than 2.50:1.00.  
 The Credit Facility bears interest at the LIBOR rate plus a spread ranging from 1.0% to 2.0%, which rate was 1.80% (3 month LIBOR +
1.0%) at August 31, 2016 and 1.76% (30 day LIBOR + 1.25%) at February 29, 2016. The rate is determined by our fixed charge coverage ratio of total funded debt to EBITDA. As of August 31, 2016, we had $30.0 million of borrowings under
the revolving credit line and $2.1 million outstanding under standby letters of credit arrangements, leaving approximately $67.9 million available. The Credit Facility is secured by substantially all of our assets (other than real property), as
well as all capital securities of each of our subsidiaries.    It is anticipated that the available line of credit is sufficient to cover
the Company s working capital requirements for the foreseeable future, should it be required.      Pension Plan    We
are required to make contributions to our Pension Plan. These contributions are required under the minimum funding requirements of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 (  ERISA  ). Due to the enactment of the Highway
and Transportation Funding Act (HATFA) in August 2014, which effectively raises the discount rates mandated for determining the value of a plan s benefit liability and annual cost of accruals, our minimum required contribution to the Pension
Plan is zero for the Pension Plan year ending February 29, 2016. However, we expect to make a cash contribution to the Pension Plan of between $2.0 million and $3.0 million during fiscal year 2017. We made contributions of $3.0
million to our Pension Plan during fiscal 2016. As our Pension Plan assets are invested in marketable securities, fluctuations in market values could potentially impact our funding status, associated liabilities recorded and future required minimum
contributions. At August 31, 2016, we had an unfunded pension liability recorded on our balance sheet of $10.0 million.  
   Inventories       We believe our inventory levels are sufficient to satisfy our customer demands and we anticipate
having adequate sources of raw materials to meet future business requirements. We have long-term contracts in effect with paper and yarn suppliers that govern prices, but do not require minimum purchase commitments. Certain of our rebate programs
do, however, require minimum purchase volumes. Management anticipates meeting the required volumes.      Capital Expenditures
      We expect our capital requirements for our current fiscal year, exclusive of capital required for possible acquisitions, will be within our historical levels of between $2.0 million and $4.0 million. To date we have spent
approximately $0.9 million on capital expenditures. We expect to fund these expenditures through existing cash flows.  
   Contractual Obligations   Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements       There have been no significant changes in our
contractual obligations since February 29, 2016 that have, or are reasonably likely to have, a material impact on our results of operations or financial condition. We had no off-balance sheet arrangements in place as of August 31, 2016.
 
      28  

Table of Contents  

ENNIS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES   
  FORM 10-Q      FOR THE PERIOD
ENDED AUGUST 31, 2016       
     Item 3. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK   
  Market Risk       Interest Rates    
 We are exposed to interest rate risk on short-term and long-term financial instruments carrying variable interest rates. We may from time to
time utilize interest rate swaps to manage overall borrowing costs and reduce exposure to adverse fluctuations in interest rates. We do not use derivative instruments for trading purposes. Our variable rate financial instruments, consisting of the
outstanding loans under the Credit Facility, totaled $30.0 million at August 31, 2016. The annual impact on our results of operations of a one-point interest rate change on the outstanding balance of the variable rate financial instruments as
of August 31, 2016 would be approximately $0.3 million.      Foreign Exchange    
 Although our previous transactions in foreign currencies were associated primarily with our former Apparel Segment operations, we expect to
continue to make investments and enter into transactions in various foreign currencies from time to time. Any income and expenses (translated using average rates prevailing during the period), are affected by the translation into our reporting
currency (the U.S. Dollar). Such translation adjustments are reported as a separate component of consolidated statements of comprehensive income. In future periods, foreign exchange rate fluctuations could have an impact on our reported results of
operations.    This market risk discussion contains forward-looking statements. Actual results may differ materially from this discussion
based upon general market conditions and changes in domestic and global financial markets.       Item 4. CONTROLS AND
PROCEDURES      Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures.  A review and evaluation were carried out under the supervision and
with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our  disclosure controls and procedures  (as such term is defined in Rule
13a-15(e) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the   Exchange Act  )) as of the end of the period covered by this Quarterly Report on  Form 10-Q,  pursuant to Exchange Act Rule
13a-15. Based upon that review and evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer have concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures as of August 31, 2016 are effective to ensure that information required to be
disclosed by us in the reports filed or submitted by us under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission s rules and forms and include controls
and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in such reports is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our principal executive and financial officers as appropriate to allow timely decisions
regarding required disclosure. Due to the inherent limitations of control systems, not all misstatements may be detected. Those inherent limitations include the realities that judgments in decision-making can be faulty and that breakdowns can occur
because of simple errors or mistakes. Additionally, controls could be circumvented by the individual acts of some persons or by collusion of two or more people. Our controls and procedures can only provide reasonable, not absolute, assurance that
the above objectives have been met.    There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting identified in connection with
the evaluation required by paragraph (d) of Exchange Act Rule 13a-15 that occurred during our fiscal quarter ended August 31, 2016 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over
financial reporting.  
      29  

Table of Contents  

ENNIS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES   
  FORM 10-Q      FOR THE PERIOD
ENDED AUGUST 31, 2016       
     PART II. OTHER INFORMATION   
    Item 1. Legal Proceedings   
 There are no material pending proceedings, other than ordinary routine litigation incidental to the business, to which the Company or any of
its subsidiaries is a party or of which any of their property is subject.     Ite  m 1A. Risk Factors   
 There have been no material changes in our Risk Factors as previously discussed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended
February 29, 2016.       Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds   
 The Board has authorized the repurchase of up to an aggregate of $20.0 million of the Company s outstanding common stock through a stock repurchase
program. Under the repurchase program, share purchases may be made from time to time in the open market or through privately negotiated transactions depending on market conditions, share price, trading volume and other factors. Such purchases, if
any, will be made in accordance with applicable insider trading and other securities laws and regulations. These repurchases may be commenced or suspended at any time or from time to time without prior notice.  
 During the six months ended August 31, 2016, the Company repurchased 103,705 shares of its common stock. Since the program s inception in October
2008, the Company has repurchased 822,216 common shares at an average price of $14.18 per share. There is currently $8.3 million available to repurchase shares of the Company s common stock under the program.  
   
      Items 3, 4 and 5 are not applicable and have been omitted   
    Item 6. Exhibits     The
following exhibits are filed as part of this report.      
 
      30  

Table of Contents  

ENNIS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES   
  FORM 10-Q      FOR THE PERIOD
ENDED AUGUST 31, 2016       

Exhibit Number  
    
   Description   

Exhibit 3.2 
    
 Third Amended and Restated Bylaws of Ennis, Inc., dated April 17, 2014, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 21, 2014 (File No. 001-05807).  

Exhibit 10.1 
    
 Unit Purchase Agreement, dated May 4, 2016, by and between Ennis, Inc. and Gildan Activewear Inc., incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 4, 2016
(File No. 001-05807).  

Exhibit 10.2 
    
 Fourth Amendment and Consent to Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, effective as of May 25, 2016, by and among Ennis, Inc., each of the co-borrowers party thereto, each of the lenders party thereto, and Bank of
America, N.A., in its capacity as administrative agent for the Lenders incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Form 8-K filed on June 24, 2016 (File No. 001-05807).  

Exhibit 10.3 
    
 Fifth Amendment to Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated June 20, 2016, by and among Ennis, Inc., each of the co-borrowers party thereto, each of the lenders party thereto, and Bank of America, N.A., in its capacity as
administrative agent for the Lenders incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant s Form 8-K filed on June 24, 2016 (File No. 001-05807).  

Exhibit 10.4 
    
 Sixth Amendment to Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated August 11, 2016, by and among Ennis, Inc., each of the co-borrowers party thereto, each of the lenders party thereto, and Bank of America, N.A., in its capacity
as administrative agent for the Lenders incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Form 8-K filed on August 17, 2016 (File No. 001-05807).  

Exhibit 31.1 
    
 Certification Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) of Chief Executive Officer.*  

Exhibit 31.2 
    
 Certification Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) of Chief Financial Officer.*  

Exhibit 32.1 
    
 Section 1350 Certification of Chief Executive Officer.**  

Exhibit 32.2 
    
 Section 1350 Certification of Chief Financial Officer.**  

Exhibit 101 
    
 The following information from Ennis, Inc. s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended August 31, 2016, filed on October 5, 2016, formatted in XBRL: (i) Consolidated Balance Sheets,
(ii) Consolidated Statements of Operations, (iii) Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income, (iv) Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, and (v) the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, tagged as blocks of text and
in detail.  

* 
 Filed herewith    

** 
 Furnished herewith    
      31  

Table of Contents  

ENNIS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES   
  FORM 10-Q      FOR THE PERIOD
ENDED AUGUST 31, 2016       
    SIGNATURES  
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by
the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.      

ENNIS, INC.  

Date: October 5, 2016 

/s/ Keith S. Walters   

Keith S. Walters  

Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and  

President  

Date: October 5, 2016 

/s/ Richard L. Travis, Jr.   

Richard L. Travis, Jr.  

Senior V.P.   Finance and CFO, Treasurer and  

Principal Financial and Accounting Officer  
 
      32  

Table of Contents  

   INDEX TO EXHIBITS   

Exhibit Number  
    
   Description  

Exhibit 10.2 
 Fourth Amendment and Consent to Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, effective as of May 25, 2016, by and among Ennis, Inc., each of the co-borrowers party thereto, each of the lenders party thereto, and
Bank of America, N.A., in its capacity as administrative agent for the Lenders incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Form 8-K filed on June 24, 2016 (File No. 001-05807).    

Exhibit 10.3 
 Fifth Amendment to Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated June 20, 2016, by and among Ennis, Inc., each of the co-borrowers party thereto, each of the lenders party thereto, and Bank of America, N.A.,
in its capacity as administrative agent for the Lenders incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant s Form 8-K filed on June 24, 2016 (File No. 001-05807).    

Exhibit 10.4 
 Sixth Amendment to Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated August 11, 2016, by and among Ennis, Inc., each of the co-borrowers party thereto, each of the lenders party thereto, and Bank of America, N.A., in
its capacity as administrative agent for the Lenders incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Form 8-K filed on August 17, 2016 (File No. 001-05807).    

Exhibit 101 
 The following information from Ennis, Inc. s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended August 31, 2016, filed on October 5, 2016, formatted in XBRL: (i) Consolidated Balance Sheets,
(ii) Consolidated Statements of Operations, (iii) Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income, (iv) Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, and (v) the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, tagged as blocks of text and
in detail.        

* 
 Filed herewith    

** 
 Furnished herewith    

<EX-31.1>
 2
 d226666dex311.htm
 EX-31.1

EX-31.1 

Exhibit 31.1   
  RULE 13a-14(a) CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER   
 I, Keith S. Walters, Chief Executive Officer of Ennis, Inc., certify that:      

1. 
 I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Ennis, Inc.;        

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this quarterly report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which
such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this quarterly report;        

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this quarterly report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows
of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this quarterly report;        

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control
over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:        

a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its
consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this quarterly report is being prepared;        

b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of
financial reporting and preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;        

c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of
the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and        

d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s second fiscal quarter)
that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and        

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of
registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):        

a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record,
process, summarize and report financial information; and        

b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.    

/s/ Keith S. Walters   
 
 Keith S. Walters  
 
 Chief Executive Officer  
 
 October 5, 2016  

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 d226666dex312.htm
 EX-31.2

EX-31.2 

Exhibit 31.2   
  RULE 13a-14(a) CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER   
 I, Richard L. Travis, Jr., Chief Financial Officer of Ennis, Inc., certify that:      

1. 
 I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Ennis, Inc.;        

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this quarterly report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which
such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this quarterly report;        

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this quarterly report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows
of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this quarterly report;        

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control
over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:        

a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its
consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this quarterly report is being prepared;        

b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of
financial reporting and preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;        

c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of
the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and        

d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s second fiscal quarter)
that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and        

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of
registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):        

a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record,
process, summarize and report financial information; and        

b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.    

/s/ Richard L. Travis, Jr.   
 
 Richard L. Travis, Jr.  
 
 Chief Financial Officer  
 
 October 5, 2016  

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 d226666dex321.htm
 EX-32.1

EX-32.1 

EXHIBIT 32.1   
  SECTION 1350 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER   
 I, Keith S. Walters, Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer of Ennis, Inc. (the   Company  ), certify, that pursuant to
Section 1350 of Chapter 63 of Title 18 of the United States Code:      

(1) 
 The Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of the Company for the period ended August 31, 2016, as filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the   Report  ) fully complies with the
requirements of Section 13(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and        

(2) 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition, and results of operations of the Company as of the dates and for the periods expressed in the Report.

/s/ Keith S. Walters   
 
 Keith S. Walters  
 
 Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer  
 
 Date: October 5, 2016  
 
   The foregoing Certification is being furnished solely pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350; it is not being filed for
purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act, and is not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of the Company, whether made before or after the date hereof, regardless of any general incorporation languages in such filing.

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 d226666dex322.htm
 EX-32.2

EX-32.2 

EXHIBIT 32.2   
  SECTION 1350 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER   
 I, Richard L. Travis, Jr., Chief Financial Officer of Ennis, Inc. (the   Company  ), certify, that pursuant to Section 1350 of Chapter 63
of Title 18 of the United States Code:      

(1) 
 The Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of the Company for the period ended August 31, 2016, as filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the   Report  ) fully complies with the
requirements of Section 13(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and        

(2) 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition, and results of operations of the Company as of the dates and for the periods expressed in the Report.

/s/ Richard L. Travis, Jr.   
 
 Richard L. Travis, Jr.  
 
 Chief Financial Officer  
 
 Date: October 5, 2016  
 
   The foregoing Certification is being furnished solely pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350; it is not being filed
for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act, and is not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of the Company, whether made before or after the date hereof, regardless of any general incorporation languages in such
filing.   

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 ebf-20160831.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 ebf-20160831.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 ebf-20160831_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 ebf-20160831_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 ebf-20160831_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 ebf-20160831_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

