<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161103_10-Q_edgar_data_1304492_0001304492-16-000081_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>4057108</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>112301</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>219371</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1142258</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1488458</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>866968</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>14</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001304492-16-000081.hdr.sgml : 20161103
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161103162729
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001304492-16-000081
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		57
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161103
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161103

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			pdvWireless, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001304492
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	TELEPHONE COMMUNICATIONS (NO RADIO TELEPHONE) [4813]
		IRS NUMBER:				330745043
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0331

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-36827
		FILM NUMBER:		161972010

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3 GARRET MOUNTAIN PLAZA
		STREET 2:		SUITE 401
		CITY:			WOODLAND PARK
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			07424
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(973) 771-0300

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3 GARRET MOUNTAIN PLAZA
		STREET 2:		SUITE 401
		CITY:			WOODLAND PARK
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			07424

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Pacific DataVision, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20140616

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Pacific Data Vision
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20040928

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001304492-16-000081.txt : 20161103

10-Q
 1
 pdvw-20160930x10q.htm
 10-Q

20160930 10Q Q2

Table of Contents        

UNITED STATES  

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION  

Washington, D.C. 20549  

_______________  __________________  ___ 

FORM 10-Q 

_______________  __________________  ___ 

(Mark one)  

QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934  

For the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016  

OR  

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934  

For the transition period from                          to                           

Commission file number: 001-36827  

_______________  __________________  ___ 

pdvWireless, Inc. 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)  

_______________  __________________  ___ 

Delaware  

33-0745043  

(State or other jurisdiction of  
					 
						 Incorporation or organization)  

(I.R.S. Employer  
					 
						 Identification No.)  

3 Garret Mountain Plaza  
					 
						 Suite 401  
					 
						 Woodland Park, New Jersey  

07424  

(Address of principal executive offices)  

(Zip Code)  

(973) 771-0300  

(Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 

_______________  __________________  ___ 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.           Yes          No   

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).           Yes           No  

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.  

Large accelerated filer  

Accelerated filer  

Non-accelerated filer  

(Do not check if a smaller reporting company)  

Smaller reporting company  

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).           Yes           No  

At October   31  , 2016,   14,3  24,779     s  hares of the registrant s common stock were outstanding.  

Table of Contents  

pdvWireless  , Inc.  

FORM 10-Q  

For the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016  

TABLE OF   CONTENTS  

PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION      

Item 1.   

Consolidated Financial Statements    
				 
				 4 

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of   September 30,   201  6   (Unaudited) and March 31, 201  6 (Audited)      
				 
				 4 

Unaudited Consolidated Statements of Operations for the three   and six   months   ended September 30, 2016   and   September 30, 2015        
				 
				 5 

U  naudited Consolidated Statement   of Stockholders  Equity for the   six   months ended   September 30, 2016      
				 
				 6 

Unaudited Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for   six   months ended   September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015      
				 
				 7 

Notes to Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements    
				 
				 8 

Item 2.   

Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations    
				 
				 21 

Item 3.   

Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk    
				 
				 28 

Item 4.   

Controls and Procedures    
				 
				 28 

PART II. OTHER INFORMATION   
				 
				 29 

Item 1.   

Legal Proceedings    
				 
				 29 

Item 1A.   

Risk Factors     
				 
				 29 

Item 2.   

Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds    
				 
				 29 

Item 3.   

Defaults Upon Senior Securities    
				 
				 29 

Item 4.   

Mine Safety Disclosures    
				 
				 29 

Item 5.   

Other Information    
				 
				 29 

Item 6.   

Exhibits    
				 
				 29 

SIGNATURES    
				 
				 30 

2   

Table of Contents  

CAUTIONARY STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS  

This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q includes statements of our expectations, intentions, plans, and beliefs that constitute  forward-looking statements  .           These forward-looking statements are principally, but not solely, contained in the section captioned  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.  These statements include, but are not limited to, statements about our strategies, plans, objectives, expectations, intentions, expenditures and assumptions and other statements contained herein that are not historical facts. Our forward-looking statements are generally, but not always, accompanied by words such as  estimate,   project,   predict,   believe,   expect,   anticipate,   potential,   should,   will,   may,   plan,   goal,   can,   could,   continuing,   ongoing,   intend  or other words that convey the uncertainty of future events or outcomes. We have based these forward-looking statements on our current expectations and projections about future events   and   financial  , market and business   trends. The matters discussed in these forward-looking statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and other factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially from those projected, anticipated or implied in the forward-looking statements. Many of these risks, uncertainties and other factors are beyond our ability to control, influence, or predict. The most significant of these risks, uncertainties and other factors are described in  Item 1A Risk Factors    in   Part II of   this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and   in our Annual Report   on Form 10-  K     for the year ended March 31, 201  6   filed with the   Securities and Exchange Commission (the  SEC )   on June   13  , 2016  .        As a result, investors are urged not to place undue reliance on any forward-looking statements.    These forward-looking statements reflect our views and assumptions only as of the date such forward-looking statements   we  re made. Except to the limited extent required by applicable law, we undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.  

3   

Table of Contents  

PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

Item 1:  Consolidated Financial Statements    

pdvWireless, Inc. 

Consolidate    d Balance Sheets 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements  

4   

Table of Contents  

pdvWireless, Inc. 

Consolidated   Statements of Operations 

(Unaudited)  

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements  

5   

Table of Contents  

pdvWireless    , Inc.  

Consolidated Statement of Stockholders  Equity  

(Unaudited)  

For the   six   months ended   September   30,   201  6 

* includes restricted shares issued. 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements  

6   

Table of Contents  

pdvWireless    , Inc.  

Consolidated   Statements of Cash Flows  

(Unaudited)  

See   accompanying   notes to   consolidated   financial statements  

7   

Table of Contents  

pdvWireless    , Inc.  

Notes to   Consolidated   Financial Statements  

(Unaudited)  

1.      Nature of Operations  

pdvWireless, Inc. (formerly known as Pacific DataVision, Inc., the  Company ) is a private wireless communications carrier and provider of mobile workforce communications and location based solutions that increase the productivity of its customers  field-based workers and the efficiency of their dispatch and call center operations.    The Company   has   launch  ed and is operating   private push-to-talk ( PTT ) networks in   seven major markets within   the United States.  Its proprietary and industry-validated suite of mobile communications and workforce management applications improve team communication and field documentation across a wide array of industries, including transportation, distribution, construction, hospitality, waste management and field services.  At the same time, the Company is pursuing a number of broadband   and other   spectrum opportunities and initiatives, including but not limited to, a Federal Communications Commission ( FCC ) regulatory process aimed at the realignment of its spectrum to be able to deploy broadband technologies to enterprises.   

The Company is currently operating wide-area  , enhanced   two-way radio networks that offer PTT communications services to primarily dispatch-centric, small and medium-sized businesses   in the seven   major   markets  .  In June 2015, the Company commercially launched its PTT service, which it markets as DispatchPlus     , in the greater Houston, Texas metropolitan area.  The Company commenced service in six additional major metropolitan markets during fiscal 2016, including:  Dallas, Atlanta, Philadelphia, Chicago, the greater New York   area and Baltimore/Washington.  In addition, in a number of markets, the Company has deployed, or is in the process of deploying  ,   additional sites to expand its coverage areas in these markets based on specific customer opportunities and/or its assessment of market opportunities.    

The Company offers its DispatchPlus communications solutions, which combines pdvConnect     , its proprietary suite of mobile communication and workforce management applications  ,   with state-of-the-art digital network architecture and mobile devices supplied by Motorola Solutions, Inc. and its subsidiaries ( Motorola ).  Developed for dispatch-centric businesses, pdvConnect is an easy to use and efficient mobile communication and workforce management solution that enables businesses to locate and communicate with their field workers and improve the documentation of work events and job status.  Also built with the commercial dispatch user in mind, Motorola s digital network architecture allows the Company to provide highly reliable, instant and wide-area PTT communication services to its customers.   

The Company expects that its DispatchPlus business will become its principal near  -  term operating business.  The Company primarily markets its DispatchPlus service to customers indirectly through third-party dealers selected from Motorola s nationwide dealer network and other select wireless dealers.  The Company supports its indirect sales representatives by providing them with training, marketing and advertising support from its internal sales and marketing team.  The Company enters into contracts directly with end users of its DispatchPlus communication solutions, including those introduced to it through its indirect dealer network. 

Concurrently with launching   and operating   its DispatchPlus business, the Company is pursuing initiatives to increase the efficiency and capacity of its spectrum licenses, including   the   filing (together with the Enterprise Wireless Alliance)   of   a Joint Petition for Rulemaking with the FCC proposing a realignment of a portion of the 900 MHz spectrum from narrowband to broadband.    In September 2016, an item was circulated with the Commissioners  office at the FCC related to the Joint Petition.    The Company is currently waiting for the FCC Commissioners to formally vote on and if approved, then publicly file th  e item.    The FCC s action may take a number of forms ranging from:  a Notice of Proposed Rulemaking, to a Notice   of   Inquiry, to a   dismissal of the Joint Petition without further action  .    Although t  he FCC has not announced   a decision on the Joint Petition  , t  he Company currently believes that the most likely outcome is that the FCC will adopt a Notice of Inquiry as the next step in the process.        A Notice of Inquiry is a vehicle for the FCC to gather additional information for the record.  If the FCC elects to adopt a Notice of Inquiry, it could request   additional information and input on the   optimal use of the 900 MHz band generally.  A Notice of Inquiry could also request information on the specific   issues and proposed solutions raised by us and   other   commentators in the   Joint Petition   proceeding  ,    as well as in other proceedings involving the 900 MHz spectrum that were initiated by third parties  .     The adoption of a Notice of Inquiry does no  t mean that the FCC has accepted or denied the   Joint Petition, or that the Joint Petition will   or will   not ultimately result in a Notice of Proposed Rulemaking.  The Company   continues to    

8   

Table of Contents  

believe in the merits of its   proposal,   and that   the Joint Petition   is consistent with the FCC s past practices and policies  .  Nevertheless  , obtaining a favorable result from the FCC may take a significant amount of time and resources  . Moreover, there is no assurance that the FCC will ultimately approve the Company s Joint Petition   or will conduct a rulemaking proceeding along the lines originally advocated by the Company  . 

In addition to this regulatory action, the Company is also pursuing a number of   a  dditional   initiatives related to   spectrum and wireless service opportunities, including   but not limited to  : 

continuing to   acquir  e   additional spectrum to support its realignment efforts and the deployment of future broadband network  s  ;        

working with   incumbents in the 900 MHz band   to provide relocation solutions and generate support for the   Joint   Petition  ;     

developing a strategic plan for its future deployment of broadband or other wireless services in the 900 MHz band  ; and     

evaluating the existing technologies and equipment   that   can be used to support its spectrum initiatives   and   the   additional customer opportunities   it identifies  .       

In addition  ,     the Company   recently elected to participate     in   the First Responder Network Authority ( FirstNet )     bid   process.  This opportunity   involve  d   government plans and a related process to provide   use of   spectrum and a substantial amount of funding   f  or the build-out and operation of a dedicated Nationwide Public Safety Broadband Network ( NPSBN ) that also may be used, on a non-priority, excess capacity basis, to meet the wireless service needs of commercial customers.    On October 17, 2016, the Company received written notice   from the Contracting Officer of the U.S. Department of the Interior   that its proposal for the FirstNet N  PSBN   was   no longer being considered for the award  .            

Prior to acquiring its 900 MHz spectrum, the Company was engaged in the development and sale of its wireless communications applications, marketed primarily under the name pdvConnect. The Company   continues to be engaged in these business activities and   primarily offers these applications indirectly to the end users of two Tier I wireless communications carriers in the United States and, until July 2015, one international wireless communications carrier under licensing agreements between the Company and these carriers. The Company also offers these applications directly to end users.  

The Company was originally incorporated in California in 1997, and reincorporated in Delaware in 2014.   In November 2015, the Company changed its name from Pacific DataVision, Inc. to pdvWireless, Inc.  The Company maintains offices in Woodland Park, New Jersey, Reston, Virginia and San Diego, California.  It also maintains a sales office in West Conshohocken, Pennsylvania. 

2.          Summary of Significant Accounting Policies  

Basis of Presentation and Use of Estimates  

The consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes are prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ( US GAAP ), which require management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. The most significant estimates relate to   allowance for doubtful accounts,   estimated useful lives of depreciable assets,   asset retirement obligations, the carrying amount of long-lived assets under construction in process,   valuation allowance on the Company s deferred tax assets, and recoverability of intangible assets. The Company is also required to make certain estimates with regard to the valuation of awards and forfeiture rates for its share-based award programs. Estimates and assumptions are reviewed periodically and the effects of revisions are reflected in the financial statements in the applicable period accordingly, actual results could   materially   differ from those estimates.  

9   

Table of Contents  

The accompanying consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company and its subsidiaries, including PDV Spectrum Holding Company, LLC formed in April 2014. All significant intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation.  

The accompanying   unaudited   consolidated   interim   financial statements as of   September   30, 2016   have been prepared in   accordance with the requirements of Regulation S-X promulgated by the Securities and Exchange Commission (the  SEC )   pertaining to reports on Form 10-Q and should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes included in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended March 31, 2016  .        Accordingly, they do not include all the information and footnotes required by US GAAP for complete financial statements. Certain information and disclosures normally included in financial statements prepared in accordance with US GAAP have been condensed or omitted pursuant to such rules and regulations. However, the Company believes that the disclosures included herein are adequate to make the information presented not misleading and all adjustments considered necessary for a fair presentation have been included.  In the opinion of management, the Company s results for the three   and six   months ended   S  ept  ember   30, 2016 are not necessarily indicative of the results to be expected for the full year or any future financial period. 

Reclassifications  

Certain prior year amounts have been reclassified to conform to the presentation of the corresponding amounts in the financial statements for the three   and six   months ended   September   30, 2016. These reclassifications had no effect on previously reported results of operations, cash flows, assets, liabilities or equity for the years presented.  

Cash and Cash Equivalents  

All highly liquid investments with maturities of three months or less at the time of purchase are considered cash equivalents. Cash equivalents are stated at cost, which approximates the quoted market value and include amounts held in money market funds.  

Allowance for Doubtful Accounts  

An allowance for uncollectible receivables is estimated based on a combination of write-off history, aging analysis and any specific known troubled accounts. The Company reviews its allowance for uncollectible receivables on a quarterly basis. Past due balances meeting specific criteria are reviewed individually for collectability. At   September   30, 2016 and March 31, 2016, management provided an allowance of   $9,352   and   $2,633  , respectively, for certain slow paying accounts.  

Property and Equipment  

Property and equipment is stated at cost. Depreciation is computed using the straight-line method over the shorter of the estimated useful lives of the assets or the applicable lease term. The carrying amount at the balance sheet date of long-lived assets under construction in process include construction costs to date on capital projects that have not been completed, assets being constructed that are not ready to be placed into service, and assets that are not currently in service.  These costs are transferred to property and equipment when substantially all of the activities necessary to prepare the assets for their intended use are completed. Depreciation commences upon completion.  

10   

Table of Contents  

Accounting for Asset Retirement Obligations 

An asset retirement obligation is evaluated and recorded as appropriate on assets for which the Company has a legal obligation to retire. The Company records a liability for an asset retirement obligation and the associated asset retirement cost at the time the underlying asset is acquired and put into service. Subsequent to the initial measurement of the asset retirement obligation, the obligation is adjusted at the end of each period to reflect the passage of time and changes in the estimated future cash flows underlying the obligation, if any. 

The Company enters into long-term leasing arrangements primarily for tower site locations. The Company constructs assets at these locations and, in accordance with the terms of many of these agreements, the Company is obligated to restore the premises to their original condition at the conclusion of the agreements, generally at the demand of the other party to these agreements. The Company recognizes the fair value of a liability for an asset retirement obligation and capitalizes that cost as part of the cost basis of the rel  ated asset, depreciating it over the useful life of the related asset  . 

As of   September   30, 2016, the Company had an asset retirement obligation of   $2  23,114  . 

Intangible Assets  

Intangible assets are wireless licenses that will be used to provide the Company with the exclusive right to utilize designated radio frequency spectrum to provide wireless communication services. While licenses are issued for only a fixed time, generally ten years, such licenses are subject to renewal by the FCC. License renewals have occurred routinely and at nominal cost in the past. There are currently no legal, regulatory, contractual, competitive, economic or other factors that limit the useful life of the Company s wireless licenses. As a result, the Company has determined that the wireless licenses should be treated as an indefinite-lived intangible asset.  The Company will evaluate the useful life determination for its wireless licenses each year to determine whether events and circumstances continue to support their treatment as an indefinite useful life asset. 

Th  e licenses are tested for impairment on an aggregate basis, as the Company will be utilizing the wireless licenses on an integrated basis as part of developing its nationwide network.        Before employing detailed impairment testing, the Company first evaluates the likelihood of impairment by considering relevant qualitative factors that may have a significant bearing on fair value.   If it determines that it is more likely than not that the wireless licenses are impaired, it will apply a quantitative analysis including detailed testing methodologies.   Otherwise, it concludes that no impairment exists.  In the event a quantitative analysis is required, the Company considers estimates of valuation methods to perform the test of the fair values of the wireless licenses using, among other things, market based and discounted cash flow approaches.         

Long-Lived Asset Impairment  

The Company evaluates long-lived assets, other than intangible assets with indefinite lives, for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset group may not be recoverable. Asset groups are determined at the lowest level for which identifiable cash flows are largely independent of cash flows of other groups of assets and liabilities. When the carrying amount of a long-lived asset group is not recoverable and exceeds its fair value, an impairment loss is recognized equal to the excess of the asset group s carrying value over the estimated fair value.  

Revenue Recognition  

The Company recognizes revenue in the period that persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists, delivery of the product has occurred or services have been rendered, it is able to determine the amount of revenue and when the collection of such amount is considered probable.  In accordance with the guidance provided in Accounting Standards Codification ( ASC ) Topic 605-45-45, Revenue Recognition   Principal Agent Considerations, the Company has determined that it is the primary obligor with respect to the service revenue derived from sales of the Company s software applications through its Tier I domestic carrier partners. As a result, revenue is recorded at the gross amount billed to end-user customers for sales through these carrier partners. The Company recognized service revenue for its international carrier (which business relationship terminated in July 2015) on the net amount billed since it has determined that it is not the primary obligor. The Company also sells service and applications directly to end-users, which are billed and collected directly by the Company.  

11   

Table of Contents  

In September 2014, Motorola paid the Company an upfront, fully-paid leasing fee of   $7.5   million in order to lease a portion of the Company s wireless spectrum licenses. The payment of the fee is accounted for as deferred revenue on the Company s Consolidated Balance Sheets. The Company recognizes leasing revenue in accordance with ASC Topic 840, Leases. The fee is amortized using the straight-line method over the lease term of approximately   ten   years, which represents the time period in which the benefits of the leased property are expected to be depleted.  

The Company evaluates certain transactions for its DispatchPlus service offering to determine whether they should be viewed as a Multiple Element Arrangement as provided in ASC Topic 605-25. Judgment is required to properly identify the accounting units of the multiple deliverable transactions and to determine the manner in which revenue should be allocated among the units of accounting.  Multiple deliverable arrangements are presumed to be bundled transactions, and the total consideration is measured and allocated to the separate transactions based on their relative selling price with certain limitations.   The relative selling price for each deliverable is determined using vendor-specific objective evidence ( VSOE ) of selling price or third party evidence of selling price if VSOE does not exist.  If neither VSOE nor third party evidence of selling price exist, the Company uses its best estimate of the selling price for the deliverable.  The Company has determined that the rental of user devices in connection with service contracts for its DispatchPlus service are multiple deliverable arrangements.   

Cost of Revenue  

The Company s cost of revenue relating to sales of its software applications through its wireless carrier partners includes the portion of service revenue retained by its domestic   Tier 1   carrier partners pursuant to its agreements with these parties, which may include network services, connectivity, SMS service, sales, marketing, billing and other ancillary services. With respect to its recently launched DispatchPlus service offering, the Company s cost of revenue includes the costs of operating its dispatch network and its cloud-based solutions and to a lesser degree, the costs associated with the sales of the relevant user devices. 

Stock Compensation  

The Company accounts for stock options in accordance with US GAAP, which requires the measurement and recognition of compensation expense, based on the estimated fair value of awards granted to employees and directors. The Company estimates the   fair   value of share-based awards on the date of grant using an option-pricing model. The value of the portion of the award that is ultimately expected to vest is recognized as expense in the Company s statements of operations over the requisite service periods.  In the event the participant s employment by or engagement with (as a director or otherwise) the Company terminates before exercise of the options granted, the stock options granted to the participant shall immediately expire and all rights to purchase shares thereunder shall immediately cease and expire and be of no further force or effect, other than applicable exercise rights for vested shares that may extend past the termination date as provided for in the participant s applicable option award agreement.  Additionally, the Compensation Committee adopted an Executive   Severance Plan (the  Severance Plan ) in February 2015, and the Company subsequently entered into Severance Plan Participation Agreements with its executive officers and certain key employees.  In addition to providing participants with severance payments, the Severance Plan provides for accelerated vesting and extends the exercise period for outstanding equity awards if the Company terminates a participant s service for reasons other than cause, death or disability or the participant terminates his or her service for good reason, whether before or after a change of control (each of such terms as defined in the Severance Plan)  . 

To calculate option-based compensation, the Company uses the Black-Scholes option-pricing model. The Company s   determination   of fair value of option-based awards on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes model is affected by assumptions regarding a number of subjective variables.  

The fair value of restricted stock, restricted stock units and performance units are measured based upon the quoted closing market price for the stock on the date of grant. The compensation cost for the restricted stock and restricted stock units is recognized on a straight-line basis over the vesting period.  The compensation cost for the performance units is recognized when the performance criteria are expected to be complete. 

No    t  ax benefits were attributed to the share-based compensation expense because the Company maintained a full valuation allowance for all net d  eferred tax assets.  

12   

Table of Contents  

Net Loss Per Share of Common Stock  

Basic net loss per common share is calculated by dividing the net loss attributable to common stockholders by the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding during the period, without consideration for potentially dilutive securities. For purposes of the diluted net loss per share calculation, preferred stock, stock options and warrants are considered to be potentially dilutive securities. Because the Company has reported a net loss for the three   and six   months ended   September   30, 2016 and 2015, diluted net loss per common share is the same as basic net loss per common share for those periods.  

Common stock equivalents resulting from potentially dilutive securities approximated   770,000   and   900,000   at   September   30, 2016 and March 31, 2016, respectively, and have not been included in the diluted weighted average shares outstanding, as their effects are anti-dilutive.  

Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncement  s   

In May 2014, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ("FASB") issued Accounting Standards Update ("ASU") No. 2014-09,   Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606)  , ("ASU 2014-09") which supersedes current revenue recognition guidance, including most industry-specific guidance. ASU 2014-09 requires a company to recognize revenue when it transfers promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the company expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods and services, and also requires additional disclosures regarding the nature, amount, timing and uncertainty of revenue that is recognized. The guidance, as stated in ASU 2014-09, is effective for annual and interim periods beginning after December 15, 2016. In August 2015, the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-14,   Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Deferral of the Effective Date  , which defers the effective date by one year, with early adoption on the original effective date permitted.   Under ASU 2014-09, two adoption methods are allowed. Under one method, a company may apply the rules to contracts in all reporting periods presented, subject to certain allowable exceptions. Under the other method, a company may apply the rules to all contracts existing as of January 1, 2018 (provided early adoption is not elected), recognizing an adjustment to retained earnings for the cumulative effect of the change and providing additional disclosures comparing results to previous rules.    The Company is evaluating the impact the new guidance will have on its consolidated financial statements and has not made any decis  i  on regarding early adoption.  

In August 2014, FASB issued ASU 2014-15,   Presentation of Financial Statements.    This ASU requires management to assess an entity s ability to continue as a going concern by incorporating and expanding upon certain principles that are currently in the U.S. auditing standards.  Specifically, the ASU (1) provides a definition of the term substantial doubt, (2) requires an evaluation every reporting period including interim periods, (3) provides principles for considering the mitigating effect of management s plans, (4) requires certain disclosures when substantial doubt is alleviated as a result of consideration of management s plan, (5) requires an express statement and other disclosures when substantial doubt is not alleviated, and (6) requires an assessment for a period of one year after the date that the financial statements are issued (or available to be issued).  This standard is effective for the fiscal years ending after December 15, 2016, and for annual periods and interim periods thereafter.  Early application is permitted.  The Company is currently evaluating the new guidance to determine the impact it will have on its consolidated financial statements and has not made any decision regarding early adoption. 

In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-02,   Leases  .  The ASU amends a number of aspects of lease accounting, including requiring lessees to recognize operating leases with a term greater than one year on their balance sheet as a right-of-use asset and corresponding lease liability, measured at the present value of the lease pa  yments. The ASU also requires disclosure of key information about leasing arrangements to increase the transparency and comparability among organizations. The accounting for lessors does not fundamentally change except for changes to conform and align guidance to the lessee guidance as well as to the new revenue recognition guidance in ASU 2014-09.  The amendments in this ASU are effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018, including interim periods within those fiscal years.  Early adoption is permitted. 

13   

Table of Contents  

In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-09,   Compensation - Stock Compensation, Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting (Topic 718)  . This update is intended to provide simplification of the accounting for share based payment transactions, including the accounting for income taxes, forfeitures, and statutory tax withholding requirements, as well as classification in the statement of cash flows. This update is effective for our fiscal year beginning April 1, 2017.  Early adoption is permitted. 

In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-08,   Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Principal versus Agent Considerations (Reporting Revenue Gross versus Net)  . The amendments in ASU 2016-08 clarify how an entity should identify the specified good or service for the principal versus agent evaluation and how it should apply the control principle to certain types of arrangements.   The effective date and t  ransition requirements for this   amendment   is   the same as the effective date and transition requirements of ASU 2014-09, which is effective for fiscal years, and for interim periods within those years, beginning after December 15, 2017. The Company is currently as  sessing the impact of this ASU   on its consolidated financial statements. 

I  n Apri  l 2016, the FASB issued ASU   2016-10,   Revenue from Contracts with Customers: Identifying Performance Obligations and Licensing  . ASU 2016-10 is intended to reduce the cost and complexity of applying the guidance in the FASB's new revenue standard on identifying performance obligations, and is also intended to improve the operability and understandability of the licensing implementation guidance. The effective date for ASU 2016-10 is the same as for ASU 2014-09  .    Management is evaluating the impact the new guidance will have on its consolidated financial statements. 

In August 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-15,   Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments  . ASU 2016-15 addresses how certain cash receipts and cash payments are presented and classified in the statement of cash flows under   Topic 230, Statement of Cash   F  low  s  , and   O  ther Topics  . ASU 2016-15 is effective for annual reporting periods, and interim periods therein, beginning after December 15, 2017. The Company does not expect the adoption of this guidance to have a material impact on its consolidated financial statements. 

Subsequent Events Evaluation by Management   

Management has evaluated subsequent events for disclosure and/or recognition in the financial statements through the date that these financial statements were issued.  

3  .      Property and equipment  

Property and equipment consist of the following at   September   30, 2016 and March 31, 2016:  

14   

Table of Contents  

Depreciation expense for the three   and six   months ended   Se  ptember 30, 2016 amounted to   $551,452   and   $1,035,035  , respectively. For the three and six months ended September 30, 2015, depreciation expense was   $76,549   and   $123,358  , respectively.  For the three and six months ended September 30, 2016, approximately   $504,000   and   $948,000   of such depreciation expense was classified as cost of revenue, while the remainder for each period was classified as operating expense in the Company s Consolidated Statements of Operations. For the three and six months ended September 30, 2015, approximately   $50,000   and   $83,000   of such depreciation expense was clas  sified as cost of revenue, while the remainder was classified as operating expenses in the Company s Consolidated Statements of Operations.  Construction in process includes the expenditures related to the costs to establish the Company s wide-area, two-way radio dispatch network in certain metropolitan areas.  

4  .    Intangible Assets 

Wireless licenses are considered indefinite-lived intangible assets. Indefinite-lived intangible assets are not subject to amortization but instead are tested for impairment annually, or more frequently if an event indicates that the asset might be impaired. The Company believes that no impairment indicators existed as of   September 30, 2016   that would require it to perform impairment testing. 

During the   six   months ended   September 30, 2016,   the Company entered into agreements with several third parties in multiple U.S. markets to acquire wireless licenses for cash consideration  , upon FCC approval.  In addition, during the six months ended September 30, 2016, the Company entered into a barter agreement whereby it will provide the use of the Company s network, radios, and installation of equipment in exchange for wireless licenses. 

5  .      Accounts Payable - officers 

Accounts payable     -     officers represents unreimbursed expenses including travel, lodging, and meal expenses incurred by the Company s officers. At   September   30, 2016 and March 31, 2016, the accounts payable to officers amounted to   $18,808   and   $44,159  , respectively. 

6  .      Promissory Note 

On October 23, 2015, the Company entered into a promissory note in the amount of   $1,289,013   with a third party in exchange for wirele  ss licenses.  The term of the note is through   March 15, 2018   and bears a fixed rate of interest, of   0.55%   per annum, which   is based on the Short Term Applicable Federal Rate on the closing date.  As of   September 30, 2016  , the Compan  y   s   outs  tanding borrowings   were   $991,810  , of which   $494,545   is in   c  urrent lia  bilities on the Company s Consolidated Balance Sheets. 

7  .      Income Taxes  

The Company had federal and state net operating loss carryforwards of approximately   $  55.3   million at March 31, 201  6  , which   expir  e   in varying amounts from   2021   through   203  6  .   

The Company has deferred tax assets of approximately   $  20.2   million relating to these net operating loss carryforwards and   stock   compensation plans at March 31, 201  6  . Federal net operating loss carryforwards are subject to limitations as a result of   a   change in ownership. State net operating loss carryforwards are subject to limitations  ,   which differ from federal law in that they may not allow the carryback of net operating losses, and have shorter carryforward periods. Due to the uncertainty with respect to the realization of these deferred tax assets, the Company recorded a valuation allowance for the entire amount. The difference between the tax benefit at the statutory rate and the effective tax rate is primarily attributable to a full valuation allowance placed upon the deferred tax asset.  

The Company recognizes the effect of tax positions only when they are more likely than not to be sustained.  The Company s management has determined that it had no uncertain tax positions that would require financial statement  

15   

Table of Contents  

recognition or disclosure.  The Company is no longer subject to U.S. federal, state or local income tax examinations for periods prior to 201  3  . 

8  .          Stock Acquisition Rights, Stock Options and Warrants  

The Company established the pdvWireless, Inc. 2014 Stock Plan (the  2014 Stock Plan ) to attract, retain and reward individuals who contribute to the growth of the Company.   This 2014 Stock Plan superseded previous stock plans  .  However,   under such previous plans,   45,782   stock options   remained   outstanding  , of which     45,540   stock options were vested as of   September 30  , 2016.  

A  s of   S  e  ptember   30, 2016,   2,538,234   shares   of common stock were authorized and reserved for issuance under its 2014 Stock Plan.  The shares authorized and reserved for issuance under the 2014 Stock Plan will continue to increase each subsequent anniversary through January 1, 2024 by an amount equal to the   lessor   of   5%   of the number of shares of common stock issued and outstanding on the immediately preceding December 31 or a lesser amount determined by the Board of Directors.   

Restricted Stock   and Restricted Stock Units    

A summary of   R  estricted   S  tock activity for the six months ended September 30, 2016 is as follows: 

The Company recognizes compensation expense for restricted stock on a straight line basis over the explicit vesting period. Vested restricted sto  ck units are settled and issuable upon the earlier of the date the employee ceases to be an employee of the Company or a date certain in the future.  Stock compensation expense related to restricted stock was approximately   $393,000   and   $728,000   for the three and six months ended September 30, 2016.  There was   no   stock compensation expense related to restrict  ed stock for the three and six months ended September 30, 2015.    Stock compensation expense for restricted stock is accounted for in general and administrative expense in the Company s Consolidated Statement of Operations.  At   September 30,   2016, there was   $3.  2   million of unvested compensation expense   related to   the restricted stock, which is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of   3.  0   years  . 

Performance Stock Units 

A summary of the   P  erformance   S  tock   Unit   activity for the three months ended September 30, 2016 is as follows: 

The performance stock units   were awarded in January 2016 and   represent the number of shares of the Company s common stock that the recipient would receive upon the Company s attainment of the applicable performance goals. The units will vest in full upon attainment of the performance goals.  Performance is based upon achievement, prior to January 13, 2020, of (A) a Final Order from the FCC providing for the creation and allocation of licenses for spectrum in the 900 MHz band consisting of paired blocks of contiguous spectrum, each containing at least 3 MHz of contiguous spectrum, authorized for broadband wireless communications uses and (B) the lack of objection by the Company's Board of Directors to the terms and conditions  (including, but not limited to, the rebanding, clearing and relocation procedures, license assignment and award mechanisms, and technical and operational rules) set forth or referenced in the Final Order.  

16   

Table of Contents  

For the   three and six months en  d  ed     September 30, 2016  , there was no stock compensation expense recognized for the performance units.  At   September 30, 2016  , there was approximately   $963,000   of unvested compensation expense   of the performance units  . 

Stock Options  

A summary of Stock Option activity for the six months ended September 30, 2016 is as follows:  

The options to purchase shares of common stock awarded during the six months ended September 30, 2016 have a   ten  -  year contractual life and   25%   will vest on the first anniversary of grant, and the remainder will vest in   three     equal     annual     installments thereafter  . Shares granted to employees are subject to vesting, future settlement conditions and other such terms as determined by the Board of Directors.  

Additional information regarding Stock Options outstanding at September 30, 2016 is as follows:  

The Black-Scholes option model requires weighted average assumptions to be used for calculation of the Company s stock compensation expense. The assumptions used during the six months ended September 30, 2016 were: the expected life of the awards   was   5   years  ;   the risk-f  ree interest rate ranged from   1.07%   to   1.71%  ;   the expected volatility ranged fr  om   40.0%   to   47.0%  ;   and   the expected   dividend yield was   0.0%  . There was a   2%   forfeiture   rate used for the calculation. 

Performance Stock Options 

A summary of the Performance Stock Options as of   September 30, 2016   is as follows: 

17   

Table of Contents  

During the year ended March 31, 2016, the Company awarded an executive officer   an option to purchase   50,000   shares of common stock   with   an exercise price of   $25.81     that   vest  s   immediately upon meeting certain performance conditions.  These options have a ten  -  year contractual life.    The performance   stock   options will vest in full upon attainment of the performance goals.  Performance is based upon achievement, prior to January 13, 2020, of (A) a Final Order from the FCC providing for the creation and allocation of licenses for spectrum in the 900 MHz band consisting of paired blocks of contiguous spectrum, each containing at least 3 MHz of contiguous spectrum, authorized for broadband wireless communications uses and (B) the lack of objection by the Company's Board of Directors to the terms and conditions  (including, but not limited to, the rebanding, clearing and relocation procedures, license assignment and award mechanisms, and technical and operational rules) set forth or referenced in the Final Order.  

Stock compensation expense related to the amortization of the fair value of stock options issued was approximately   $  681,000     and   $1,711,000     for the   three and six months   ended   September 30, 2016, respectively. For the three and six months ended September 30, 2015, stock compensation expense   was   $1,106,000   and   $2,456,000  ,    respectively. There was   no   stock compensation expense related to the performance stock options issued   for the three and six months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015  .  Stock compensation expense is included as part of general and administrative expense in the accompanying Consolidated Statement of Operations. The weighted average fair value for the stock option awards granted   during the six months ended September 30, 2016   was   $1  0.37  .   As of   September 30  , 2016, there was approximately   $  4.4   million of unrecognized compensation cost related to non-vested share options granted under the Company s stock option plans, of which   $  3.9   million pertains to the non-performance based stock options   and   $  0.5   million pertains to the performance based stock options  . The cost is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period   of   2.  5   years.  

Warrants  

A summary of Warrant activity is as follows: 

The outstanding warrants were not exercised and expired in June 2016.  

Motorola Investment  

On September 15, 2014, Motorola invested   $10.0   million to purchase   500,000   Class B Units of the Company s subsidiary, PDV Spectrum Holding Company, LLC (at a price equal to   $20.00   per unit). The Company owns   100%   of the Class A Units in this subsidiary. Motorola has the right at any time to convert its 500,000 Class B Units into   500,000   shares of the Company s common stock. The Company also has the right to force Motorola s conversion of these Class B Units into shares of its common stock on the occurrence of certain corporate events or at its election after September 15, 2016. Motorola is not entitled to any assets, profits or distributions from the operations of the subsidiary. In addition, Motorola s conversion ratio from Class B Units to shares of the Company s common stock is fixed on a   one  -for-one basis, and is not dependent on the performance or valuation of either the Company or the subsidiary. The Class B Units have no redemption or call provisions and can only be converted into shares of the Company s common stock. Management has determined that this investment does not meet the criteria for temporary equity or non-controlling interest due to the limited rights that Motorola has as a holder of Class B Units, and accordingly has presented this investment as part of its permanent equity within Additional Paid-in Capital in the accompanying consolidated financial statements.  

18   

Table of Contents  

9  .      Supplemental Disclosure of Cash Flow Information 

The Company paid in cash   $8,345   in taxes and   did not   make any payments for interest during the six months ended September 30, 2016.  The Company paid in cash   $800   in taxes and   did not   make any payments for interest during the six months ended September 30, 2015. 

During the six months ended September 30, 2016, the Company entered into a barter transaction with a third party whereby it acquired wireless licenses   valued at approximately   $3  07  ,000     consisting of approximately   $268,000   related to use of the Company s network along with radios and   $  39  ,000   in cash   (see Note 5).    The Company capitalized   Asset Retirement Obligations that am  ounted to $19,568   for the six mon  ths ended September 30, 2016  . 

1  0  .      Commitments and Contingencies 

Leasing Obligations  

The Company is obligated under   certain lease agreements for office space  ,     which   expire   on various dates from   January 7, 2017   through     May 31, 2020  .    The Company entered into multiple lease agreements for tower space related to its DispatchPlus business.  The lease expiration dates range from   February 28, 2020   to   June 30, 2026  .   

Rent expense amounted t  o approximately   $488,000   and   $909,000   for the three and six months ended September 30, 2016, of which approximately   $378,000   and   $684,000   was classified as cost of revenue in the Consolidated Statements of Operations for the three and six months ended September 30, 2016, respectively. The remainder of the rent expense of   $110,000   and   $225,000   was classified in operating expenses in the Consolidated Statements of Operations for the same periods  ,   respectively.  Total rent expense was approximately   $126,000   and   $222,000   for the three and six months ended September 30, 2015, of which approximately   $36,000   and   $60,000  , respectively  ,   was classified as cost of revenue. The remainder of the rent expense   $89,500   and   $162,000  ,    respectively,   was classified as operating expenses in the Consolidated Statements of Operations for the same periods.           At   September 30  , 2016, accumulated deferred rent payable amounted to   approximately   $788,000   and is included as part of   o  ther liabilities in the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheet.  

Aggregate rentals, under non-cancelable leases for office and tower space (exclusive of real estate taxes, utilities, maintenance and other costs borne by the Company) for the remaining terms of the leases are as follows:  

Liti  gation  

The Company is not involved in any material legal proceedings or other litigation matters at this time. However, from time to time, the Company may be involved in litigation that arises from the ordinary operations of the business, such as contractual or employment disputes or other general actions. In the event of an adverse outcome of these proceedings, the Company believes the resulting liabilities would not have a material adverse effect on its financial condition or results of operations.  

1  1  .      Concentrations of Credit Risk  

Financial instruments which potentially expose the Company t  o concentrations of credit risk   consist primarily of cash   and cash equivalents   and trade accounts receivable.  

The Company places its cash and temporary cash investments with financial institutions for which credit loss is not anticipated.  

19   

Table of Contents  

The Company sells its   current software applications   product and extends credit predominately through two   domestic   third-party carriers. The Company maintains allowances for doubtful accounts based on factors surrounding the write-off history, historical trends, and other information.  

1  2  .      Business Concentrations  

For the three     month  s ended   September   30, 2016, the Company had   two   Tier 1   domestic   carriers that accounted for approximately   3  5  %   and   1  4  %   of operating revenues, respectively.   For the six months   ended September 30, 2016  , these two Tier 1 carriers accounted for approximately   34%   and   15%   of operating revenues, respectively.    The   two   Tier 1 carriers accounted for approximately   43  %   and   2  2  %   of operating revenues for the three months ended   September   30, 2015   and   43%   and   22%   for the six month  s ended September 30, 201  5  .   

As of   September   30, 2016 and March 31, 2016, the Company had   two   Tier 1   domestic   carriers that accounted for approximately   4  6  %   and   2  3  %   and   49%   and   32%  , respectively, of accounts receivable. 

20   

Table of Contents  

Ite    m 2:  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  

This discussion and analysis of the financial condition and results of operations of pdvWireless, Inc. ( pdv,  the  Company ,  we ,  us , or  our ) should be read in conjunction with our financial statements and notes thereto included in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and the audited financial statements and notes thereto included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended March 31, 2016, filed with the SEC on June 13, 2016.  In addition to historical information, this discussion and analysis contains forward-looking statements that involve risks, uncertainties, and assumptions. Our actual results may differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of certain factors including, but not limited to, those identified in  Item 1A Risk Factors  in   Part II of   this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and in our Annual Report on Form 10-K.  As a result, investors are urged not to place undue reliance on any forward-looking statements.    Except to the limited extent required by applicable law, the Company does not undertake any obligation to update forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances occurring after the date of this Quarterly Report.  

Overview 

We are a private wireless communications carrier and provider of mobile workforce communication and location based solutions focused on increasing the productivity of our customers  field-based workers and the efficiency of their dispatch and call center operations.  We have launch  ed and are operat  ing push-to-talk ( PTT ) networks in   seven   major markets   within   the United States.  Our proprietary and industry-validated suite of mobile communications and workforce management applications improve team communication and field documentation across a wide array of industries, including transportation, distribution, construction, hospitality, waste management and field services.  At the same time, we are pursuing a number of spectrum opportunities and initiatives, including but not limited to, a F  ederal Communications Commission ( F  CC   )   regulatory process aimed at the realignment of our spectrum to be able to deploy broadband technologies to enterprises.  We maintain offices in Woodland Park, New Jersey, Reston, Virginia and San Diego, California.  We also maintain a sales office in West Conshohocken, Pennsylvania. 

We are currently operating   w  ide-area, two-way radio networks that offer PTT communications services to primarily dispatch-centric, small and medium-sized businesses   in seven   major   markets  .  In June 2015, we commercially launched our PTT service, which we market as DispatchPlus     , in the greater Houston, Texas metropolitan area.  We commenced service in six additional major metropolitan markets during fiscal 2016, including:  Dallas, Atlanta, Philadelphia, Chicago, the greater New York a  rea and Baltimore/Washington.    In addition, in a number of markets, we have   deployed,   or are in the process of deploying  ,   additional sites to expand our coverage area  s   in these markets based on specific customer opportunities and/or our assessment of market opportunities.   

We offer our DispatchPlus communications solutions, which combines pdvConnect     , our proprietary suite of mobile communication and workforce management applications  ,   with state-of-the-art digital network architecture and mobile devices manufactured by Motorola Solutions, Inc. and its subsidiaries ( Motorola ).    D  eveloped for dispatch-centric businesses, pdvConnect is an easy to use and efficient mobile communication and workforce management solution that enable  s   businesses to locate and communicate with their field workers and improve the documentation of work events and job status.        Also b  uilt with the commercial dispatch user in mind, Motorola s digital network architecture allows us to provide highly reliable, instant and wide-area PTT communication solutions to our customers.     

We expect that our DispatchPlus business will become our principal near term operating business.  We primarily market our DispatchPlus service to customers indirectly through third-party dealers selected from Motorola s nationwide dealer network and other select wireless dealers.  We support our indirect sales representatives by providing them with training, marketing and advertising support from our internal sales and marketing team.  We are also implementing a number of sales initiatives, including lead generation programs and hiring additional sales resources.  We believe this approach of utilizing existing wireless dealers to serve as our indirect sales representatives, coupled with our focused direct sales and marketing efforts and initiatives, will enable us to establish a presence in our markets and help to reduce the upfront costs of establishing a nationwide sales and distribution network.    We enter into contracts directly with end users of our DispatchPlus communications solutions, including those introduced to us through our indirect dealer network. 

To date, sales of our DispatchPlus service have been slower to ramp-up than our initial expectations for a number of reasons, including but not limited to, the performance of our indirect third-party sales representatives, longer initial sales cycle, and coverage gaps in certain markets due to delays in our deployment of planned sites   or our need to add additional sites  .     We continue to   develop and implement sales and marketing programs for our DispatchPlus service to drive revenue growth. Progress in the growth of our sales funnel and positive customer feedback drive our optimism about future sales opportunities.    Further, we are currently focusing our resources on the seven markets where we have commenced service.   

21   

Table of Contents  

That focus includes trialing and implementing a number of sales and marketing initiatives and strategies aimed at increasing sales of our DispatchPlus service and developing a predictable sales funnel and process.  These initiatives include: 

Identifying and targeting high-value, small and medium-sized business customers that we believe will benefit from our DispatchPlus service;     

Focusing our advertising and marketing efforts on communicating the benefits of our services to business customers in   our   targeted market verticals;     

Developing   and bringing to market innovative features that continue to differentiate us from other wireless communications service providers that provide PTT solutions;      

Providing additional incentive programs to our third-party sales representatives and prospects;      

Building   and trialing a business development direct sales team in one of our seven markets and adding limited direct sales resources in the other markets;     

Developing   a centralized business development and telesales team to increase flow of qualified leads and sales across all of our market areas; and     

Beginning   to develop alternate sales channel strategies to identify new sources of sales and leads in our targeted market verticals  .     

We intend to continue to focus our efforts on the initial seven markets where we have commenced service until we determine which sales and marketing approaches produce the best results.    We have   continued  , however,   t  o prepare for the r  ollout of our DispatchPlus service in more than thirteen additional markets   by completing initial network designs and in some markets pursuing site development efforts, including site selection and lease negotiation.    We believe t  his approach will allow us to     more quickly and effectively proceed with new market deployments when we determine it is best to do so.  We also believe this approach will provide us with additional time and financial flexibility to refine our longer term strategies including those related to our Joint Petition   for Rulemaking with the FCC  .   

Concurrently with launching   and operating   our DispatchPlus business, we are pursuing initiatives to increase the efficiency and capacity of the spectrum licenses we hold, including filing (together with the Enterprise Wireless Alliance) a Joint Petition for Rulemaking with the FCC proposing a realignment of a portion of the 900 MHz spectrum from narrowband to broadband.    In September 2016, an item was circulated with the Commissioners  offices at the FCC related to the Joint Petition.  We are currently waiting for the FCC Commissioners to formally vote on and   if approved,   then publicly file the item.    The FCC s action may take a number of forms ranging from:  a Notice of Proposed Rulemaking, to a Notice   of   Inquiry, to a   dismissal of the Joint Petition without further action  .    Although t  he FCC has not   announced   a decision on the Joint Petition  , w  e currently believe that the most likely outcome is that the FCC will adopt a Notice of Inquiry as the next step in the process.  A Notice of Inquiry is a vehicle for the FCC to gather additional information for the record.  If the FCC elects to adopt a Notice of Inquiry, it could request   additional information and input on the   optimal use of the 900 MHz band generally.  A Notice of Inquiry could also request information on the specific   issues and proposed solutions raised by us and   other   commentators in the   Joint   Petition     proceeding  , as well as in other proceedings involving the 900 MHz spectrum that were initiated by third parties  .     The adoption of a Notice of Inquiry does not mean that the FCC has   accepted or   denied our Joint Petition, or that our Joint Petition   will or   will not ultimately result in a Notice of Proposed Rulemaking.  We   continue to   believe in the merits of our   proposal,   and that   our Joint Petition   is consistent with the FCC s past practices and policies  .  Nevertheless  , obtaining a favorable result from the FCC may take a significant amount of time and resources  . Moreover, there is no assurance that the FCC   will   ultimately approve our Joint Petition   or will conduct a rulemaking proceeding along the lines originally advocated by us  . 

In addition to this regulatory action, we are also pursuing a number of broadband and additional spectrum and wireless service opportunities, including   but not limited to  : 

acquiring additional spectrum to support our realignment efforts and the deployment of a future broadband network  ;     

attempting to build consensus with incumbents in the 900 MHz band  ;     

developing a strategic plan for our future deployment of broadband or other wireless services in the 900 MHz band  ;   and     

evaluating   the   existing technologies and equipment   that   can be used to support our spectrum initiatives and   the   additional customer   opportunities   we identify  .        

22   

Table of Contents  

In addition  ,   we ha  ve     recently elected to participate   in the   First Responder Network Authority ( FirstNet )     bid   process.  This opportunity   involve  d   government plans and a related process to provide   use of   spectrum and a substantial amount of funding   f  or the build-out and operation of a dedicated Nationwide Public Safety Broadband Network ( NPSBN ) that also may be used, on a non-priority, excess capacity basis, to meet the wireless service needs of commercial customers.    On October 17, 2016, we received written notice   from the Contracting Officer of the U.S. Department of the Interior that   our   proposal for the   FirstNet NPSBN   was   no longer being considered for the award  .       

Prior to acquiring our 900 MHz spectrum, we were engaged in the development and sale of wireless communications applications, marketed primarily under the name pdvConnect.  We   continue to be engaged in these business activities and   primarily offer these applications indirectly to the end users of two Tier 1 wireless communications carriers in the United States and, until July 2015, one international wireless communications carrier  ,   under licensing agreements between these carriers and us.  We also offer these applications directly to end users. 

Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 

The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with US GAAP, which require management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Accordingly, our actual results could differ materially from those estimates. Further, to the extent that there are differences between our estimates and our actual results, our future financial statement presentation, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows will be affected. We believe that the accounting policies discussed below are critical to understanding our historical performance, as these policies relate to the more significant areas involving our judgments and estimates.  

Revenue Recognition.     We recognize revenue in the period that persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists, delivery of the product has occurred or services have been rendered, we are able to determine the amount of revenue and when the collection of such amount is considered probable.  In accordance with the guidance provided in Accounting Standards Codification ( ASC ) Topic 605-45-45, Revenue Recognition   Principal Agent Considerations, we have determined that we are the primary obligor with respect to the service revenue derived from sales of our software applications through   our   Tier I domestic carrier partners. As a result, revenue is recorded at the gross amount billed to end-user customers for sales through these carrier partners. We recognized service revenue for our international carrier (which business relationship terminated in July 2015) on the net amount billed since we determined that we are not the primary obligor. We also sell service and applications directly to end-users, which are billed and collected directly by us.  

In September 2014, Motorola paid us an upfront, fully-paid leasing fee of $7.5 million in order to lease a portion of our wireless spectrum licenses. The payment of the fee is accounted for as deferred revenue on our Consolidated Balance Sheets. We recognize leasing revenue in accordance with ASC Topic 840, Leases. The fee is amortized using the straight-line method over the lease term of approximately ten years, which represents the time period in which the benefits of the leased property are expected to be depleted.  

We evaluate certain transactions for our DispatchPlus service offering to determine whether they should be viewed as a Multiple Element Arrangement   as   provided in ASC Topic 605-25.  Judgment is required to properly identify the accounting units of the multiple deliverable transactions and to determine the manner in which revenue should be allocated among the units of accounting.  Multiple deliverable arrangements are presumed to be bundled transactions, and the total consideration is measured and allocated to the separate transactions based on their relative selling price with certain limitations.  The relative selling price for each deliverable is determined using vendor-specific objective evidence ( VSOE ) of selling price or third-party evidence of such selling price if VSOE does not exist.  If neither VSOE nor third party ev  idence of selling price exist, we use our   best estimate of the selling price for the deliverable.  We determined that the rental of user devices in connection with service contracts for our DispatchPlus service a  re multiple deliverable arrangements.  

Stock compensation.     For purposes of calculating stock-based compensation, we estimate the fair value of stock options using a Black-Scholes option-pricing model. The determination of the fair value of option-based compensation utilizing the Black-Scholes model is affected by a number of assumptions, including expected volatility, expected life, risk-free interest rate and expected dividends.  The expected term and volatility is based on the historical volatility of our common stock along with comparable public companies within our industry since we have a short history regarding these variables.  The risk-free interest rate assumption is based on the U.S. Treasury yield curve in effect at the time of the grant for periods corresponding with the expected life of the options.  The dividend yield assumption is zero since we have never paid and do not anticipate paying any cash dividends in the foreseeable future. 

23   

Table of Contents  

The fair value of restricted stock and performance units are measured based on the quoted closing market price for the stock at the date of grant. The compensation cost for restricted stock is recognized on a straight-line basis over the vesting period.  The compensation cost for the performance units is recognized when the performance criteria are complete.  

We have not attributed tax benefits to the share-based compensation expense because we maintain a full valuation allowance for all net deferred tax assets.  

Property and equipment.   Property and equipment is stated at cost. Depreciation is computed using the straight-line method over the shorter of the estimated useful lives of the assets or the applicable lease term.  The carrying amount at the balance sheet date of long-lived assets under construction in process includes construction costs to date on capital projects that have not been completed, assets being constructed that are not ready to be placed in service, and assets that are not currently in service.  These costs will be transferred to property and equipment when substantially all of the activities necessary to prepare the assets for their intended use are completed.  Depreciation commences upon completion.  

Intangible Assets.   Intangible assets are wireless licenses that will be used to provide the exclusive right to utilize designated radio frequency spectrum to provide wireless communication services. While licenses are issued for only a fixed time, generally ten years, such licenses are subject to renewal by the FCC. License renewals have occurred routinely and at nominal cost. There are currently no legal, regulatory, contractual, competitive, economic or other factors that limit the useful life of the company s wireless licenses. As a result, the wireless licenses are treated as an indefinite-lived intangible asset. We evaluate the useful life determination for wireless licenses each year to determine whether events and circumstances continue to support an indefinite useful life. The licenses are tested for impairment on an aggregate basis, since we will be utilizing the wireless licenses on an integrated basis as a part of developing our nationwide network.        Before employing detailed impairment testing,   we   first evaluate the likelihood of impairment by considering relevant qualitative factors that may have a significant bearing on fair value.   If   we   determin  e   that it is more likely than not that the wireless licenses are impaired,   we   will apply a quantitative analysis including detailed testing methodologies. Otherwise,   we will   conclude that no impairment exists.  In the event a quantitative analysis is required,   we will   consider estimates of valuation methods to perform the test of the fair values of the wireless licenses using, among other things, market based and discounted cash flow approaches.       

Long-Lived Asset Impairment.   We evaluate long-lived assets for impairment, other than intangible assets with indefinite lives, whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset group may not be recoverable. Asset groups are determined at the lowest level for which identifiable cash flows are largely independent of cash flows of other groups of assets and liabilities. When the carrying amount of a long-lived asset group is not recoverable and exceeds its fair value, an impairment loss is recognized equal to the excess of the asset group s carrying value over the estimated fair value.  

Income taxes.   We follow the liability method of accounting for income taxes. Under this method, taxes consist of taxes currently payable plus those deferred due to temporary differences between the financial statement carrying amounts and the tax bases of certain assets and liabilities using tax rates expected to be in effect when the temporary differences reverse. A valuation allowance is provided when it is more likely than not that some portion or the entire deferred tax asset will not be realized.  

Accounting for uncertainty in income taxes.   We recognize the effect of tax positions only when they are more likely than not to be sustained. Our management has determined that we had no uncertain tax positions that would require financial statement recognition or disclosure. We are no longer subject to U.S. federal, state or local income tax examinations for periods prior to 201  3  .   

JOBS Act.   As an emerging growth company, or EGC, under the JOBS Act we are eligible for exemptions from various reporting requirements applicable to other public companies that are not EGCs, including, but not limited to:  

Not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002;     

Reduced   disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports, proxy statements and registration statements; and     

Exemptions   from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and stockholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved.     

24   

Table of Contents  

As an EGC, we are also eligible to take advantage of the extended transition period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act   of 1933, as amended  , for complying with new or revised accounting standards. Thus, we could delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies. Nevertheless, we have elected not to avail ourselves of this extended transition period and, as a result, we will adopt new or revised accounting standards on the relevant dates on which adoption of such standards is required for other public companies.  

Results of Operations  

Comparison of the three and six months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015  

The following table sets forth our results of operations for the three and six months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. The period-to-period comparison of financial results is not necessarily indicative of the financial results we will achieve in future periods.  

Operating revenues.   Overall operating revenues increased by $0.3 million, or 41%, to $1.1 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 from $0.8 million for the three months ended September 30, 2015.  Operating revenue increased $0.5 million, or 32%, for the six months ended September 30, 2016 to $2.2 million from $1.7 million for the six months ended September 30, 2015. The increases in the three and six month  s ended September 30, 2016   are primarily attributable to the DispatchPlus business, which was launched in June 2015.  The $0.3 and $0.4 million increase in service revenue for the three and six month  s   ended September 30, 2016, respectively, resulted primarily from the   DispatchPlus   business.  Other revenue, which primarily consists of equipment sales and rentals for the DispatchPlus business, increased by approximately $0.1 million, or 921%, to $0.1 million during the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2015. For the six months ended September 30, 2016, other revenue increased $0.2 million, or 898%, to $0.2 million compared to the six months ended September 30, 201  5  . 

25   

Table of Contents  

Cost of revenue.   Cost of revenue for the three months ended September 30, 2016 increased by approximately $1.2 million, or 241%, to $1.7 million from $0.5 million for three months ended September 30, 2015.   The increase   for the three month  s    resulted   primarily   from   $1.0 million in   costs to maintain our launched PTT networks for our DispatchPlus business  .        Cost of revenue for the six months ended September 30, 2016 increased $2.4 million, or 276%, to $3.3 million from $0.9 million for the six month period ended September 30, 2015. The increase   resulted primarily from   $2.0 million for costs   related to   maintain  ing   our launched PTT networks and $0.2 million for increased headcount costs.    

Gross profit (loss).     Gross profit   (loss)   decreased by $  0.8 million     for the three months ended September 30, 2016   to   (  $0.  5   million  )    from $0.  3   million for   the three months ended September 30, 2015  .     For the six months ended September 30, 201  6, gross profit decreased by $1  .  9   million, or   236  %, to   (  $  1  .  1   million  )   from $  0  .  8    million for the six month  s   ended September 30, 2015  .  The primary driver for the decline were the costs incurred to support our DispatchPlus business. 

General and administrative expenses.   General and administrative expenses for the three months ended September 30, 2016 increased by $0.9 million, or 19%, to $5.  5   million from $4.  6   million for three months ended September 30, 2015. For the six months ended September 30, 2016, general and administrative expenses increased by $4.9 million, or 59%, to $13.2 million from $8.3 million for the six months ended September 30, 2015.   The increase in general and administrative expenses   for the three and six months ended September 30, 2016   resulted   primarily   from $  1.  1   million   and $  4.3   million, respectively  ,     for   consulting services related to our spectrum initiatives, including   principally   the FirstNet   bid   opportunity  .    For the three months ended September 30, 2016, the increase was partially offset by $0.3 million in lower employer payroll taxes.    The additional increase for the six months ended September 30, 2016 resulted from $0.5 million for increased headcount costs.    

Sales and support expenses.   Sales and support expenses increased by $0.3 million, or 38  %, to $1.2 million for three months ended September 30, 2016 from $0.9 million for the three months ended September 30, 2015.  For the six months ended September 30, 2016, sales and support expenses increased by $0.7 million, or 44%, to $2.4 million from $1.7 million for the six months ended September 30, 2015.   For the t  hree and six months ended September 30, 2016  ,    t  he increase  s     were   due primarily to a $0.2 million   and $0.4 million, respectively, for   headcount and related costs and $0.1 million   and $0.  3 million, respectively,   for indirect commissions provided to our third-party sales representatives to support our DispatchPlus business.    

Product development expenses.   Product development expenses increased by $0.3 million, or 85%, to $0.6 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 from $0.3 million for the three months ended September 30, 2015.  For the six months ended September 30, 2016, product development expense increased by $0.6 million, or 86%, to $1.2 million from $0.6 million for the six months ended September 30, 2015.   The   increase  s   for   both   period  s     resulted   primarily   from   an increase in headcount and the related costs.    

Interest expense.   Interest expense incurred for the three and six months ended September 30, 2016 r  elates to our promissory note   issued in October 2015   in connection with the acquisition of wireless licenses.  

Liquidity and Capital Resources  

At September 30, 2016, we had cash and cash equivalents of $13  7.0   million.  

Our accounts receivable are heavily concentrated in two of our Tier 1   domestic   carrier partners. As of September 30, 2016, our accounts receivable balance was approximately $653,000 of which approximatel  y $  303  ,000 was due from one third-party Tier 1 carrier and approximately $1  52  ,000 was due from another third-party Tier 1 carrier, or approximately 4  6  % and 2  3  %, respectively, of our outstanding accounts receivable balance.    

Net cash used by operating activities.   Net cash used in operating activities was $15.3 million for the six months ended September 30, 2016, as compared to $10.1 million for the six months ended September 30, 2015. The majority of net cash used by operating activities during the six months ended September 30, 2016 resulted from the net loss of $17.  9   million  , which includes the costs incurred to support our Dispatch Plus business,   partially offset by   stock-based   compensation of $2.4 million.  The net cash used in operating activities during the six months ended September 30, 2015 was attri  butable to the net loss of $9.8   million  , which included the costs incurred to support our DispatchPlus business,   and a $2.  7   million decrease in accounts payable and accrued expenses, partially offset by   stock-based compensation of $2.5   million. 

Net cash used by investing activities  . Net cash used in investing activities was approximately $1.2 million for the six months ended September 30, 2016, as compared to $5.4 million used for the six months ended September 30, 2015. The net cash used during the six months ended   September   30, 2016 resulted from $0.5 million in wireless license acquisitions and $0.7 million for the continuing equipment purchases and construction costs related to the   buildout of our network for our D  ispatchPlus business.  The net cash used in investing activities used during the six months ended September 30, 2015  

26   

Table of Contents  

resulted from   $1.1 million in wireless license acquisitions and $4.2 million for the   equipment and construction costs related to the buildout of our PTT networks for our DispatchPlus business.    

Net cash from financing activities  . For the six months ended September 30, 2016, there was no cash provided by financing activities.  The $64.8 million net cash provided from financing activities in the six months ended September 30, 2015 resulted from the net proceeds from our follow-on public offering in May 2015.   

During the year ended March 31, 20  16, we commenced service in seven major metropolitan market areas   within the United States  , including Houston, Dallas, Atlanta, Philadelphia, Chicago, the greater New York area and Baltimore/Washington. 

We estimate that the initial capital cost to deploy our PTT networks in major metropolitan areas will range from $  1.5 million to $2.0 million per market, which amount includes the cost of equipment, design and buildout of our PTT networks.    

We intend to continue to focus our efforts on the initial seven markets where we have commenced service until we   determine which sales and marketing approaches produce the best results.    We have continued, h  owever, to prepare for the rollout of our DispatchPlus service in more than thirteen additional markets by completing initial network designs and in some markets pursuing site development efforts, including site selection and lease negotiation.    We believe t  his approach will allow us to more quickly and effectively proceed with new market deployments when we determine it is best to do so.  We also believe this approach will provide us with additional time and financial flexibility to refine our longer  -  term strategies including those related to our Joint Petition   for Rulemaking with the FCC  . 

Our future capital requirements will depend on many factors  ,   including  :    the timing and amount of the revenues we generate from our DispatchPlus services and other product offerings  ;   the timing and extent of expenditures to support the rollout of our PTT dispatch networks  ;   the development of new service offerings  ;   sales and marketing activities  ;   the FCC regulatory process we are pursuing to realign a portion of the 900 MHz spectrum from narrowband to broadband and the other  spectrum initiatives we elect to pursue  .     We have incurred costs in pursuing the FirstNet   bid   opportunity and believe we may incur additional costs to wind down our efforts with respect to the FirstNet   bid   opportunity.    We believe our cash and cash equivalents on hand will be sufficient to satisfy our financial obligations through at least the next 12 months.  

On November   3  , 2016, we filed a shelf registration statement (the  Shelf Registration Statement ) on Form S-3 with the SEC, which permits us, pending the SEC declaring the Shelf Registration Statement effective, to offer up to $  100,000,000   of common stock, preferred stock, debt securities and warrants in one or more offerings and in any combination, including in units from time to time. Our Shelf Registration Statement is intended to provide us with additional flexibility to access capital markets for general corporate purposes, which may include working capital, capital expenditures, other corporate expenses and acquisitions of complementary products, technologies or businesses. 

We cannot predict with certainty when, if ever, we will require additional capital to further fund our current business plan. Presently, we intend to cover our future operating expenses through cash on hand   and   from revenue derived primarily from our planned sales of our DispatchPlus services and product offerings  .    With the recent commercial launch of   seven   markets (as noted above), revenues from our DispatchPlus business have   only recently   begun to be realized, and we have not recognized significant amounts of revenue from this business through   September 30, 2016  . Nevertheless, we may experience greater than expected cash usage to support our operating activities and business plan and/or our revenues may be lower than, or take more time to develop  ,   than we anticipate. See  Risk Factors  in   our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended March 31, 2016, filed with the SEC on June   13  , 2016   for risks and uncertainties that could cause our operating costs to be more than we currently anticipate and/or our revenue and operating results to be lower than we currently anticipate. As a result, we cannot provide assurance that we will not require additional funding in the future   to support our operations, including through the sale of securities pursuant to our Shelf Registration Statement  . In addition, we   continuously evaluate and may elect   to acquire businesses, technologies or spectrum or license technologies  ,   from third parties for or in connection with our spectrum initiatives.  We may decide to   pursue   rais  ing   additional capital through debt or equity financing to the extent we believe this is necessary to successfully complete these acquisitions or license these technologies or pursue spectrum opportunities. However, we cannot be sure that additional financing will be available if and when needed, or that, if available, we can obtain financing on terms favorable to us and our stockholders. Any failure to obtain financing when required would have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results, financial condition and liquidity.  

Off-balance sheet arrangements  

As of September 30, 2016 and March 31, 2016, we did not have and do not have any relationships with unconsolidated entities or financial partnerships that were established for the purpose of facilitating off-balance sheet arrangements, as defined in the rules and regulations of the SEC.   

27   

Table of Contents  

Ite    m 3.  Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk  

Our financial instruments consist of cash,   cash equivalents,   trade accounts receivable and accounts payable. We consider investments in highly liquid instruments purchased with original maturities of 90 days or less to be cash equivalents. Our primary exposure to market risk is interest income sensitivity, which is affected by changes in the general level of U.S. interest rates. However, because of the short-term nature of the highly liquid instruments in our portfolio, a 10% change in market interest rates would not be expected to have a material impact on our financial condition and/or results of operations.  

Our operations are based in the United States and, accordingly, all of our transactions are denominated in U.S. dollars. We are currently not exposed to market risk from changes in foreign currency.  

Ite    m 4. Controls and Procedures  

Disclosure Controls and Procedures  

Our management, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer, has evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(e)   of the Securities   Exchange Act   of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act ))   as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based on that evaluation, our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer, has concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were   effective as of the end of such   period.   

Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting  

In connection with the evaluation required by Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(d), our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer, concluded that no changes in our internal control over financial reporting occurred during the period covered by this report that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.  

Inherent Limitations on Effectiveness of Controls  

Our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer, do not expect that our disclosure controls or our internal control over financial reporting will prevent or detect all error and all fraud. A control system, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the control system s objectives will be met. The design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Further, because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that misstatements due to error or fraud will not occur or that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, have been detected. These inherent limitations include the realities that judgments in decision-making can be faulty and that breakdowns can occur because of simple error or mistake. Controls can also be circumvented by the individual acts of some persons, by collusion of two or more people, or by management override of the controls. The design of any system of controls is based in part on certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions. Projections of any evaluation of controls effectiveness to future periods are subject to risks. Over time, controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions or deterioration in the degree of compliance with policies or procedures.  

28   

Table of Contents  

PA    RT II   OTHER INFORMATION  

Ite    m 1.  Legal Proceedings  

We are not involved in any material legal proceedings.  

It    em 1A.  Risk Factors.  

In evaluating us and our common stock, we urge you to carefully consider the risks and other information in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q as well as the risk factors disclosed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended March 31, 201  6  , filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on June   13  , 201  6  . There have been no material changes from the risk factors as previously disclosed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K. Any of the risks discussed in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and in our Annual Report on Form 10-K, as well as additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial, could materially and adversely affect our results of operations or financial condition.    

Ite    m 2.  Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds.  

Use of Proceeds 

On May 18, 2015, we completed a public offering of our common stock in which we raised net proceeds of approximately $64.8 million.  We registered the shares of common stock issued in the offering on a Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-203681), which the SEC declared effective on May 12, 2015.  Through September 30, 2016, we have used approximately   $  11.7   million of the net proceeds from this offering.  We did not complete any transaction in which we paid any of these proceeds, directly or indirectly, to our directors or officers, to any person owning 10% or more of any class of our equity securities, to any associate of any of the foregoing, or to any of our affiliates.    There has been no material change in the expected uses of the net proceeds from the offering as described in our Registration Statement. 

Ite    m 3.  Defaults Upon Senior Securities.  

None.  

Ite    m 4.  Mine Safety Disclosures  

Not applicable.  

Ite    m 5.  Other Information.  

None.  

Ite    m 6.  Exhibits.  

See Exhibit Index.  

29   

Table of Contents  

SIG    NATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this Report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.  

pdvW  ireless  ,     INC.  

Date:  

November 3  ,   2016  

/s/     John   C.   Pescatore  

John     C.   Pescatore  

President     and     Chief     Executive     Officer  
					 
						 (Principal     Executive     Officer)  

/s/     Timothy     A.   Gray  

Timothy   A.   Gray  

Chief     Financial     Officer  
					 
						 (Principal     Financial     and     Accounting     Officer)  

30   

Table of Contents  

EXHIBIT INDEX  

Exhibit   No.  

Description of Exhibit  

3.1(1)  

Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of   pdvWireless  , Inc. (the  Company   )  .  

3.2(2)  

Certificate of Amendment No. 1 to Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Company  .     

3.  3  (1)  

Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Company  .  

4.1(1)  

Form of Common Stock Certificate of the Company  .  

4.2(1)  

Registration Rights Agreement, dated June 10, 2014, by and among the Company, certain of the Company s executive officers named therein, and FBR Capital Markets   Co., on behalf of the investors participating in the June 2014 private placement.  

4.3(1)  

Amended and Restated Investor Rights Agreement, dated October 2010, by and among the Company and investors named therein  .  

4.4(1)  

Amendment and Waiver of Rights under Amended and Restated Investor Rights Agreement, approved May 30, 2014, by and among the Company and the investors named therein  .  

31.1  

Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Rules 13a-14 and 15-d-14 promulgated pursuant to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002  .  

31.2  

Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Rules 13a-14 and 15-d-14 promulgated pursuant to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002  .  

32.1*  

Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002  .  

32.2*  

Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002  .  

101.INS  

XBRL Instance Document  

101.SCH  

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document  

101.CAL  

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document  

101.DEF  

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document  

101.LAB  

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document  

101.PRE  

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document  

____________ 

(1)    Incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-201156), filed with the SEC on December 19, 2014. 

(2)    Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-36827), filed with the SEC on November 5, 2015. 

*    The certifications furnished in Exhibits 32.1 and 32.2 hereto are deemed to accompany this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and will not be deemed  filed  for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, except to the extent that the Registrant specifically incorporates it by reference. 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 pdvw-20160930xex31_1.htm
 EX-31.1

Exhibit 311

EXHIBIT 31.  1    

CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER  

I, John   C.   Pescatore, certify that:  

1. 

I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of   pdvWireless  , Inc.;      

2. 

Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;      

3. 

Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;      

4. 

The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and we have:      

a) 

Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;      

b) 

Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial rep  orting to be   designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes   in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;     

c) 

Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and      

d) 

Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and      

5. 

The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent function):      

e) 

All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and      

f) 

Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.      

Date:   November 3  , 2016  

By:  

/s/ John   C.   Pescatore  

John   C.   Pescatore  

President and Chief Executive Officer  
					 
						 (Principal Executive Officer)  

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 pdvw-20160930xex31_2.htm
 EX-31.2

Exhibit 312

EXHIBIT 31.  2    

CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER  

I, Timothy   A.   Gray, certify that:  

1. 

I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of   pdvWireless  , Inc.;      

2. 

Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;      

3. 

Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;      

4. 

The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and we have:      

a) 

Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;      

a) 

Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;     

b) 

Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and      

c) 

Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and      

5. 

The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent function):      

a) 

All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and      

b) 

Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.      

Date:   November 3  , 2016  

By:  

/s/ Timothy   A.   Gray  

Timothy   A.   Gray  

Chief Financial Officer  
					 
						 (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)  

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 pdvw-20160930xex32_1.htm
 EX-32.1

Exhibit 321

EXHIBIT 32.  1    

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,  

AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO  

SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  

In connection with the quarterly report of   pdvWireless  , Inc. (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the period ended   September   30, 2016   as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, John   C.   Pescatore, President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that:  

(1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and  

(2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.  

Date:   November 3  , 2016  

By:  

/s/ John   C.   Pescatore  

John   C.   Pescatore  

President and Chief Executive Officer  
					 
						 (Principal Executive Officer)  

A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to   pdvWireless  , Inc. and will be retained by   pdvWireless  , Inc. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

This certification that accompanies the Report to which it relates, is not deemed filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, and is not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of pdvWireless, Inc. under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (whether made before or after the date of the Report), irrespective of any general incorporation language contained in such filing. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 pdvw-20160930xex32_2.htm
 EX-32.2

Exhibit 322

EXHIBIT 32.  2    

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,  

AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO  

SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  

In connection with the     quarterly report of   pdvWireless  , Inc. (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the period ended     September   30, 2016  ,    as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Timothy   A.   Gray, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that:  

(1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and  

(2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.  

Date:   November 3  , 2016  

By:  

/s/ Timothy   A.   Gray  

Timothy   A.   Gray  

Chief Financial Officer  
					 
						 (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)  

A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to   pdvWireless  , Inc. and will be retained by   pdvWireless  , Inc. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

This certification that accompanies the Report to which it relates, is not deemed filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, and is not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of pdvWireless, Inc. under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (whether made before or after the date of the Report), irrespective of any general incorporation language contained in such filing. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 pdvw-20160930.xml
 EX-101.INS

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 pdvw-20160930.xsd
 EX-101.SCH

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 pdvw-20160930_cal.xml
 EX-101.CAL

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 pdvw-20160930_def.xml
 EX-101.DEF

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 pdvw-20160930_lab.xml
 EX-101.LAB

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 pdvw-20160930_pre.xml
 EX-101.PRE

</EX-101.PRE>

