<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161103_10-Q_edgar_data_745308_0000745308-16-000051_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>8660795</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>156946</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>458598</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>3011467</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3591338</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1263893</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>53</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000745308-16-000051.hdr.sgml : 20161103
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161103172620
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000745308-16-000051
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		89
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161103
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161103

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			ST JOE CO
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000745308
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	LAND SUBDIVIDERS & DEVELOPERS (NO CEMETERIES) [6552]
		IRS NUMBER:				590432511
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			FL
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-10466
		FILM NUMBER:		161972889

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		133 SOUTH WATERSOUND PARKWAY
		CITY:			WATERSOUND
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			32413
		BUSINESS PHONE:		850-231-6518

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		133 SOUTH WATERSOUND PARKWAY
		CITY:			WATERSOUND
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			32413

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	ST JOE CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19980430

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	ST JOE PAPER CO
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19920703

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000745308-16-000051.txt : 20161103

10-Q
 1
 joe-2016930x10q.htm
 10-Q

Document 

Table of Contents  

UNITED STATES 
  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
  Washington, D.C. 20549 

Form 10-Q 

(Mark One) 

For the quarterly period ended   September 30, 2016    
  or 

For the transition period from                      to                     . 
  Commission file number: 1-10466 

The St. Joe Company 
  (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

Florida 
      
    59-0432511 
      (State or other jurisdiction of 
  incorporation or organization) 
      
    (I.R.S. Employer 
  Identification No.) 
        
      133 South Watersound Parkway 
  Watersound, Florida 
      
    32461 
      (Address of principal executive offices) 
      
    (Zip Code) 

(850) 231-6400 
  (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.    YES           NO      
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (  232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).    YES           NO      
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company.  See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): 
                     Large accelerated filer 

Accelerated filer 

Non-accelerated filer 
         (Do not check if a smaller reporting company) 
    Smaller reporting company 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).    YES           NO      
  As of   October 31, 2016  , there were 74,342,826 shares of common stock, no par value, outstanding. 

Table of Contents  

THE ST. JOE COMPANY 
  INDEX 

2 

Table of Contents  

PART I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
   
  Item 1.       Financial Statements    

THE ST. JOE COMPANY 
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
  (Dollars in thousands) 
  (Unaudited) 

See notes to the condensed consolidated financial statements. 
  
   3 

     Table of Contents  

THE ST. JOE COMPANY 
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
  (Dollars in thousands) 
  (Unaudited) 
    
  The following presents the portion of the consolidated balances presented above attributable to the Company s consolidated variable interest entities.  The Company s consolidated variable interest entities include the Pier Park North joint venture, Artisan Park, L.L.C., Panama City Timber Finance Company, L.L.C. and Northwest Florida Timber Finance Company L.L.C as discussed in Note 1,   Nature of Operations. Basis of Presentation  .  The following assets may only be used to settle obligations of the consolidated variable interest entities and the following liabilities are only obligations of the variable interest entities and do not have recourse to the general credit of the Company, except for the guarantees and covenants discussed in   Note 10,     Debt  . 

See notes to the condensed consolidated financial statements. 
  
   4 

Table of Contents  

THE ST. JOE COMPANY 
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME 
  (Dollars in thousands except per share amounts) 
  (Unaudited)      

  See notes to the condensed consolidated financial statements. 
  
   5 

Table of Contents  

THE ST. JOE COMPANY 
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
  (Dollars in thousands) 
     (Unaudited) 

See notes to the condensed consolidated financial statements. 

6 

Table of Contents  

THE ST. JOE COMPANY 
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS  EQUITY 
  (Dollars in thousands) 
  (Unaudited) 

See notes to the condensed consolidated financial statements. 

7 

Table of Contents  

THE ST. JOE COMPANY 
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
  (Dollars in thousands) 
  (Unaudited)   

See notes to the condensed consolidated financial statements. 
  
   8 

     Table of Contents  

THE ST. JOE COMPANY 
  SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURES OF CASH FLOW INFORMATION 
  (Dollars in thousands) 
  (Unaudited) 

See notes to the condensed consolidated financial statements. 
  
   9 

Table of Contents  

THE ST. JOE COMPANY 
  NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
  (Dollars in thousands, unless otherwise stated) 
  (Unaudited) 
   
  1. Nature of Operations  
  The St. Joe Company together with its consolidated subsidiaries (the  Company ) is a real estate development, asset management and operating company with real estate assets and operations currently concentrated primarily between Tallahassee and Destin, Florida.   
  The Company conducts primarily all of its business in the following   five   reportable operating segments: 1) residential real estate, 2) commercial real estate, 3) resorts and leisure, 4) leasing operations and 5) forestry.  
  Basis of Presentation 
  The accompanying unaudited interim condensed consolidated financial statements have been prepared pursuant to the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission (the  SEC ) for reporting on Form 10-Q.  Accordingly, certain information and footnotes required by U.S. generally accepted accounting principles ( GAAP ) for complete financial statements are not included herein.  The unaudited interim condensed consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company and all of its majority-owned and controlled subsidiaries.  The equity method of accounting is used for investments in which the Company has significant influence, but not a controlling financial interest.  All significant intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation.  The   December 31, 2015   balance sheet amounts have been derived from the Company s   December 31, 2015   audited consolidated financial statements.  Certain prior period amounts in the accompanying condensed consolidated financial statements have been reclassified to conform to the current year presentation.  These reclassifications had no effect on the Company s previously reported stockholders  equity or net income.  Operating results for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   are not necessarily indicative of the results of the Company that may be expected for the year ending   December 31, 2016  . 
  A variable interest entity ( VIE ) is an entity in which a controlling financial interest may be achieved through arrangements that do not involve voting interests.  A VIE is required to be consolidated by its primary beneficiary, which is the entity that possesses the power to direct the activities of the VIE that most significantly impact its economic performance and has the obligation to absorb losses or the right to receive benefits from the VIE that are significant to it.  The Company consolidates VIEs when it is the primary beneficiary of the VIE, including real estate joint ventures determined to be VIEs (see Note 9,   Real Estate Joint Ventures  ) and VIEs involved in a 2014 real estate sale. 
  The statements reflect all normal recurring adjustments that, in the opinion of management, are necessary for fair presentation of the information contained herein.  The interim condensed consolidated financial statements should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and notes included in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015  .  The Company adheres to the same accounting policies in preparation of its unaudited interim condensed consolidated financial statements as the Company s   December 31, 2015   annual financial statements.  As required under GAAP, interim accounting for certain expenses, including income taxes, are based on full year assumptions.  For interim financial reporting purposes, income taxes are recorded based upon estimated annual income tax rates. 
    
  Recently Adopted Accounting Pronouncements 
  Consolidation 
  In February 2015, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ) issued Accounting Standards Update ( ASU ) 2015-02 that amends the existing consolidation guidance related to (i) limited partnerships and similar legal entities, (ii) the evaluation of variable interests for fees paid to decision makers or service providers, (iii) the effect of fee arrangements and related parties on the primary beneficiary determination and (iv) certain investment funds.  These changes are expected to limit the number of consolidation models and place more emphasis on risk of loss when determining a controlling financial interest.  The Company adopted the new guidance as of January 1, 2016.  The adoption of this guidance had no impact on the Company s condensed consolidated balance sheets, statements of income, statements of comprehensive income, statements of cash flows or notes to the condensed consolidated financial statements. 

10 

     Table of Contents  

Debt issuance costs 
  In April 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-03 that requires debt issuance costs related to a recognized debt liability to be presented in the balance sheet as a direct deduction from the carrying amount of that debt liability, consistent with debt discounts.  The amendment does not affect the recognition and measurement guidance for debt issuance costs.  As of January 1, 2016, the Company adopted this ASU, which required retrospective application and resulted in the reclassification of debt issuance costs of   $2.1 million   from other assets to a reduction of   $0.7 million   in debt and a reduction of   $1.4 million   in Senior Notes held by special purpose entity in the Company s condensed consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2015.  Other than this change in presentation, this ASU did not have an impact on the Company s condensed consolidated financial condition, results of operations or cash flows.  See Note 10,   Debt   for more information. 
    
  Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements 
  Revenue recognition 
  In May 2014, the FASB issued an ASU that establishes the principles used to recognize revenue for all entities.  In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-08 that further clarifies the implementation guidance on principal versus agent considerations.  The new guidance will be effective for annual and interim periods beginning after December 15, 2017.  Early application will be permitted, but not before annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2016.  The Company is currently evaluating the impact that the adoption of this guidance will have on its financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.  
  Financial Instruments 
  In January 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-01 that amends existing guidance to address certain aspects of recognition, measurement, presentation and disclosure of financial instruments.  The new guidance will require equity investments (except those accounted for under the equity method of accounting, or those that result in consolidation of the investee) to be measured at fair value with changes in fair value recognized in results of operations.  Additionally, certain disclosure requirements and other aspects of accounting for financial instruments may change as a result of the new guidance, which is effective for interim and annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2017.  The Company is currently evaluating the impact that the adoption of the new guidance will have on its financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
  Leases 
  In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-02 that amends the existing accounting standards for lease accounting, including requiring lessees to recognize both finance and operating leases with terms of more than 12 months on the balance sheet.  The accounting applied by a lessor is largely unchanged from existing guidance.  The amendments also require certain quantitative and qualitative disclosures about leasing arrangements.  The new guidance will be effective for annual and interim periods beginning after December 15, 2018 and requires a modified retrospective adoption.  The Company is currently evaluating the impact that the adoption of this guidance will have on its financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
  Financial Instruments - Credit Losses 
  In June 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-13 that requires a financial asset measured at amortized cost to be presented at the net amount expected to be collected and requires that credit losses from available-for-sale debt securities be presented as an allowance for credit losses.  This new guidance will be effective for annual and interim periods beginning after December 15, 2019, with early adoption permitted for annual and interim periods beginning after December 15, 2018.  The Company is currently evaluating the impact that the adoption of the new guidance will have on its financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
  Statement of Cash Flows 
  In August 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-15 that amends the classification     of certain cash receipts and cash payments, to reduce the diversity in how certain cash receipts and cash payment  s   are presented and classified in the statement of cash flows.  The new standard is effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2017, and interim periods within those fiscal years, with early adoption permitted, including adoption in an interim period.  The Company is currently evaluating the impact that the adoption of the new guidance will have on its financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

11 

     Table of Contents  

2. Investment in Real Estate 
  Real estate by property type and segment includes the following: 

Development property consists of land the Company is developing or intends to develop for sale or future operations.  Residential real estate includes mixed-use resort, primary and seasonal residential communities and includes costs directly associated with the land, development and construction of these communities, including common development costs such as roads, utilities and amenities and indirect costs such as development overhead, capitalized interest, marketing and project administration.  Commercial real estate includes land for commercial and industrial uses, including land holdings near the Northwest Florida Beaches International Airport and Port of Port St. Joe, and includes costs directly associated with the land and development costs for these properties, which also include common development costs such as roads and utilities.  Resorts and leisure development property consists of improvements and expansion of existing beach club property.  Leasing development property primarily includes the land development and construction for the consolidated joint venture at Pier Park North.  Development property in the leasing operations and resorts and leisure segments will be reclassified as operating property as it is placed into service.     
  Operating property includes property that the Company uses for operations and activities.  Residential real estate operating property consists primarily of residential utility assets.  The resorts and leisure operating property includes the WaterColor Inn, golf courses, a beach club and marinas.  Leasing operating property includes property developed or purchased by the Company and used for retail and commercial rental purposes, including property in the consolidated joint venture at Pier Park North.  Forestry operating property includes the Company s timberlands.  Operating property may be sold in the future as part of the Company     s principal real estate business.   
  The Company had   no   capitalized indirect development costs during the three and   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , and   $0.1 million   and   $0.2 million   during the three and   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  , respectively, primarily related to the consolidated joint venture at Pier Park North. 
  
   12 

     Table of Contents  

3. Impairment of Long Lived Assets 
  The Company reviews its long-lived assets for impairment quarterly to determine whether events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value of an asset may not be recoverable.  Long-lived assets include the Company s investments in operating and development property and property and equipment.  As part of the Company s review for impairment of its long-lived assets, the Company reviews long-lived asset s carrying value, current period actual financial results as compared to prior period and forecast contained in the Company s business plan and any other events or changes in circumstances to identify whether an indicator of potential impairment may exist.  Some of the events or changes in circumstances that are considered by the Company as indicators of potential impairment include: 

a prolonged decrease in the fair value or demand for the Company s properties; 
                
    a change in the expected use or development plans for the Company s properties; 
                
    a material change in strategy that would affect the fair value of the Company s properties; 
                
    continuing operating or cash flow losses for an operating property;  
                
    an accumulation of costs in excess of the projected costs for a development property; and 
                
    any other adverse change that may affect the fair value of the property. 
       
  The Company uses varying methods to determine if an impairment exists, such as (i) considering indicators of potential impairment, (ii) analyzing expected future cash flows and comparing the expected future undiscounted cash flows of the property to its carrying value or (iii) determining market resale values. 
    
  During the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , the Company recorded an impairment charge of   $0.4 million  , included in cost of real estate revenue, related to a commerce park.  During the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  , there were no impairments.  

4. Investments  
  Investments and restricted investments consist of available-for-sale securities and are recorded at fair value, which is based on quoted market prices and pricing data from external pricing services that use prices observed for recently executed market transactions.  Unrealized gains and temporary losses on investments, net of tax, are recorded in other comprehensive income (loss).  Realized gains and losses are determined using the specific identification method.  The amortized cost of debt securities are adjusted for amortization of premiums and accretion of discounts to maturity computed under the effective interest method.  Such amortization and accretion is included in investment income, net.  In addition, at   September 30, 2016  , the Company had investments in short term commercial paper that are classified as cash equivalents, since they had maturity dates of ninety days or less from the date of purchase. 
  At   September 30, 2016  , investments and restricted investments classified as available-for-sale securities were as follows: 

13 

     Table of Contents  

At   December 31, 2015  , investments and restricted investments classified as available-for-sale securities were as follows:  

Fairholme Trust Company, LLC, or one of its affiliates ( Fairholme ), has served as an investment advisor to the Company since April 2013.  As of   September 30, 2016  , funds managed by Fairholme beneficially owned approximately   32.3%   of the Company s common stock.  Mr. Bruce Berkowitz is the Chief Investment Officer of Fairholme Capital Management, L.L.C., a director of Fairholme Trust Company, LLC and the Chairman of our Board of Directors.  Mr. Cesar Alvarez also serves as a director of Fairholme Trust Company, LLC and is a member of our Board of Directors.  Fairholme does not receive any compensation for services as the Company s investment advisor. 
  Pursuant to the terms of the Investment Management Agreement with Fairholme, as amended (the  Agreement ), Fairholme agreed to supervise and direct the investments of an investment account established by the Company in accordance with the investment guidelines and restrictions approved by the Investment Committee of the Company s Board of Directors.  The investment guidelines are set forth in the Agreement and require that, as of the date of any investment: (i) no more than   15%   of the investment account may be invested in securities of any one issuer (excluding the U.S. Government) and (ii) any investment in any one issuer (excluding the U.S. Government) that exceeds   10%  , but not   15%  , requires the consent of at least two members of the Investment Committee.  Effective November 1, 2016, the Company and Fairholme entered into an Amendment (the  Amendment ) to the Agreement, pursuant to which the Company modified the investment guidelines and restrictions described in the Agreement to (i) decrease from at least   50%   to   25%   the amount of the investment account that must be held in cash and cash equivalents, (ii) permit the investment account to be invested in common equity securities; however, common stock investments shall be limited to exchange-traded common equities, shall not exceed   5%   ownership of a single issuer and, cumulatively, the common stock held in the Company s investment portfolio shall not exceed   $100.0 million   market value, and (iii) provide that the aggregate market value of investments in common stock, preferred stock or other equity investments cannot exceed   25%   of the market value of the Company s investment portfolio at the time of purchase.  All other material investment guidelines remain the same. 
  As of   September 30, 2016  , the investment account included   $99.7 million   of U.S. Treasury securities,   $113.7 million   of corporate debt securities and   $23.2 million   of preferred stock investments (all of which are classified within investments on the Company s condensed consolidated balance sheets).    $9.1 million   of the   $113.7 million   corporate debt securities and   $0.2 million   of the   $23.2 million   preferred stock are issued by Sears Holdings Corp or affiliates, which may be deemed an affiliate of Fairholme. 
  During the three months ended   September 30, 2016  , realized gains from the sale of available-for-sale securities were less than   $0.1   million, proceeds from the sale of available-for-sale securities were   $74.9 million   and there were   no   proceeds from the maturity of available-for-sale securities.  During the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , realized gains from the sale of available for-sale securities were less than   $0.1 million  , proceeds from the sale of available-for-sale securities were   $83.3 million   and proceeds from the maturity of available-for-sale securities were   $185.0 million  . 
  During the three months ended   September 30, 2015  , realized gains from the sale of available-for-sale securities were   $5.3 million  , proceeds from the sale of available-for-sale securities were   $182.7 million   and there were   no   proceeds from the maturity of available-for-sale securities.  During the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  , realized gains from the sale of available for-sale securities were   $5.3 million  , proceeds from the sale of available-for-sale securities were   $323.7 million   and proceeds from the maturity of available-for-sale securities were   $310.0 million  . 

14 

     Table of Contents  

As of   September 30, 2016   and December 31, 2015, certain of the Company s debt securities and preferred stock had unrealized losses of   $0.7 million   and   $1.1 million  , respectively, that were deemed temporary and included in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss).  The following table provides the debt securities and preferred stock unrealized loss position and related fair values:     

As of   September 30, 2016   and December 31, 2015, the Company did not intend to sell the investments with unrealized losses and it is more likely than not that the Company will not be required to sell any of these securities prior to their anticipated recovery, which could be maturity; therefore, the Company does not believe that its investment in the debt securities and preferred stock was other-than-temporarily impaired at   September 30, 2016   and December 31, 2015.    
  The net carrying value and estimated fair value of investments and restricted investments classified as available-for-sale at   September 30, 2016  , by contractual maturity are shown in the following table.  Actual maturities may differ from contractual maturities because certain borrowers have the right to call or prepay obligations.  

15 

     Table of Contents  

5. Financial Instruments and Fair Value Measurements  
  Fair value is an exit price, representing the amount that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants.  As such, fair value is a market-based measurement that should be determined based on assumptions that market participants would use in pricing an asset or a liability.  A three-tier fair value hierarchy is established as a basis for considering such assumptions and for inputs used in the valuation methodologies in measuring fair value: 
  Level 1. Quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities; 
  Level 2. Inputs, other than the quoted prices in active markets, that are observable either directly or indirectly; and 
  Level 3. Unobservable inputs in which there is little or no market data, such as internally-developed valuation models which require the reporting entity to develop its own assumptions. 
  The financial instruments measured at fair value on a recurring basis at   September 30, 2016   were as follows: 

The financial instruments measured at fair value on a recurring basis at   December 31, 2015   were as follows: 

Money market funds, U.S. Treasury securities, commercial paper, certain corporate debt securities and certain preferred stock are measured based on quoted market prices in an active market and categorized within level 1 of the fair value hierarchy.  Money market funds and commercial paper with a maturity date of ninety days or less from the date of purchase are classified as cash equivalents in the Company s condensed consolidated balance sheets.  
  Certain corporate debt securities and certain preferred stock are not traded on a nationally recognized exchange but rather are traded in the U.S. over-the-counter market where there is less trading activity and these are measured primarily using pricing data from external pricing services that use prices observed for recently executed market transactions.  For these reasons, the Company has determined that certain corporate debt securities and certain preferred stock are categorized as level 2 financial instruments since their fair values were determined from market inputs in an inactive market.  
  
   16 

     Table of Contents  

Restricted investments include certain of the surplus assets that were transferred from the Company s Pension Plan to a suspense account in the Company s 401(k) Plan in December 2014.  The Company has retained the risks and rewards of ownership of these assets; therefore, the assets held in the suspense account are included in the Company s condensed consolidated financial statements until they are allocated to participants.  As of December 31, 2015, the assets held in the suspense account were invested in the Prudential Guaranteed Income Fund, which is a stable value fund designed to provide safety of principal, liquidity and a rate of return.  The Prudential Guaranteed Income Fund was valued based upon the contributions made to the fund, plus earnings at guaranteed crediting rates, less withdrawals and fees and was categorized as a level 2 financial instrument.  During the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   the assets were transferred to a Vanguard Money Market Fund, which invests in U.S. government securities and seeks to provide current income and preserve shareholders  principal investment.  The Vanguard Money Market Fund is measured based on quoted market prices in an active market and categorized within level 1 of the fair value hierarchy.  The Company s Retirement Plan Investment Committee is responsible for investing decisions and allocation decisions of the suspense account.  Refer to Note 15,   Employee Benefit Plans  .  
  Fair Value of Financial Instruments 

The fair value of the Company s retained interest investments is based on the present value of the expected future cash flows at the effective yield. 
                
    The fair value of the Investments held by special purpose entities - Time deposit is based on the present value of future cash flows at the current market rate.  
                
    The fair value of the Investments held by special purpose entities - U.S. Treasury securities are measured based on quoted market prices in an active market.  
                
    The fair value of the Senior Notes held by special purpose entity is based on the present value of future cash flows at the current market rate.  
       
  The carrying amount and fair value of the Company s financial instruments were as follows: 

Retained Interest Investments 
  The Company has a beneficial interest in certain bankruptcy remote qualified special purpose entities (the  SPEs ) used in the installment sale monetization of certain sales of timberlands in 2007 and 2008.  The SPEs  assets are not available to satisfy the Company s liabilities or obligations and the liabilities of the SPEs are not the Company s liabilities or obligations.  In the event that proceeds from the financial instruments are insufficient to settle all of the liabilities of the SPEs, the Company is not obligated to contribute any funds to the SPEs.  The Company has determined that it is not the primary beneficiary of the SPEs, since the Company is not the primary decision maker with respect to activities that could significantly impact the economic performance of the SPEs, nor does the Company perform any service activity related to the SPEs.  Therefore, the SPEs  assets and liabilities are not consolidated in the Company s condensed consolidated financial statements as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  . 
  At the time of monetization the initial retained interest recorded was an estimate based on the present value of future excess cash flows expected to be received over the life of the retained interest, using management s best estimate of underlying assumptions, including credit risk and discount rates.  The Company s continuing involvement with the SPEs is the receipt of the net interest payments and the remaining principal of approximately   $15.0 million   to be received at the end of the installment notes    fifteen   year maturity period, in   2022   through   2024  . 
  
   17 

     Table of Contents  

The Company has a beneficial or retained interest investment related to these SPEs of   $10.5 million   and   $10.2 million   as of   September 30, 2016   and December 31,   2015  , respectively, recorded in other assets on the Company s condensed consolidated balance sheets.  The Company has classified its retained interest investment as held-to-maturity because the Company has both the intent and the ability to hold its interest in the SPEs to maturity.  Accordingly, the Company has recorded the retained interest investment at cost, adjusted for the accretion of investment income over the life of the retained interest using the effective yield method with rates ranging from   3.7%   to   11.3%  .  The Company continues to update the expectation of cash flows to be collected over the term of the retained interest.  Changes to the previously projected cash flows are accounted for prospectively, unless based on management s assessment of current information and events, it is determined that there is an other-than-temporary impairment.  The Company has not recorded an other-than-temporary impairment related to its retained interest investments during the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  . 
    
  In the event of a failure and liquidation of the counterparties involved in the installment sales, the Company could be required to write-off the remaining retained interest recorded on its condensed consolidated balance sheets in connection with the installment sale monetization transactions in 2007 and 2008. 
  Investments and Senior Notes Held by Special Purpose Entities 
  In connection with a real estate sale in 2014, the Company received consideration consisting of (i) cash, (ii) a   $200.0 million     fifteen  -year installment note (the  Timber Note ) issued by Panama City Timber Finance Company, LLC, a buyer-sponsored special purpose entity ( AgReserves SPE ) and (iii) an Irrevocable Standby Letter of Credit issued by JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. (the  Letter of Credit ) at the request of AgReserves SPE, in favor of the Company.  In 2014, the Company contributed the Timber Note and assigned its rights as a beneficiary under the Letter of Credit to Northwest Florida Timber Finance, LLC ( NFTF ), a bankruptcy-remote, qualified special purpose entity wholly-owned by the Company.  NFTF monetized the Timber Note by issuing   $180.0 million   aggregate principal amount of its   4.8%   Senior Secured Notes due in 2029 (the  Senior Notes ) at an issue price of   98.5%   of face value to third party investors.  AgReserves SPE and NFTF are VIEs, which the Company consolidates as the primary beneficiary of each entity.  The investments held by the SPEs consist of a   $200.0 million   time deposit that, subsequent to April 2, 2014, pays interest at   4.0%   and matures in March 2029, U.S. Treasuries of   $8.1 million   and cash of   $0.4 million  .  The Senior Notes issued by NFTF consist of   $176.3 million   net of the   $3.7 million   discount and debt issuance costs.   
   
  6. Notes Receivable, Net 
  Notes receivable, net consists of the following:    

The Company evaluates the carrying value of the notes receivable and the need for an allowance for doubtful notes receivable at each reporting date.  
  
   18 

Table of Contents  

7. Claim Settlement Receivable 
  On March 24, 2016, the Company entered into a full and final release agreement with BP p.l.c. and various related entities pursuant to which the Company, on its own behalf and on behalf of certain wholly owned subsidiaries, released any and all claims related to the Deepwater Horizon oil spill which occurred on April 20, 2010.  In exchange for this release, the Company will receive the amount of   $13.2 million   from BP Exploration   Production Inc., a large portion of which will reimburse the Company for expenses incurred.  Payment of the settlement amount is to be made pursuant to the following schedule: the amount of   $5.0 million   due in October of 2016 followed by payments of   $2.7 million   due in October of 2017, 2018 and 2019.  On October 3, 2016, the Company received the   $5.0 million   payment.  The Company also received a guaranty of payments from BP North America Corporation Inc.  As of March 24, 2016, the Company recorded the claim settlement receivable using an imputed interest rate of   3.0%  , based on its best estimate of the prevailing market rates for the source of credit, resulting in an initial present value of   $12.5 million   and a discount of   $0.7 million  .    $12.5 million   of the claim settlement was recognized as other income in the Company s condensed consolidated statements of income for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  .  The discount is being accreted over the term of the receivable using the effective interest method.  Interest income for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   and the period from March 24, 2016 to   September 30, 2016   was   $0.1 million   and   $0.2 million  , respectively. 

8. Other Assets 
       
  Other assets consist of the following: 

9. Real Estate Joint Ventures 
  The Company enters into real estate joint ventures, from time to time, for the purpose of developing real estate in which the Company may or may not have a controlling financial interest.  GAAP requires consolidation of VIEs in which an enterprise has a controlling financial interest and is the primary beneficiary.  A controlling financial interest will have both of the following characteristics: (a) the power to direct the VIE activities that most significantly impact economic performance and (b) the obligation to absorb the VIE losses and right to receive benefits that are significant to the VIE.  The Company examines specific criteria and uses judgment when determining whether the Company is the primary beneficiary and must consolidate a VIE.  The Company continues to assess whether it is the primary beneficiary on an ongoing basis.  
  Consolidated Real Estate Joint Ventures 
  During 2012, the Company entered into a joint venture agreement with a partner to develop a retail center at Pier Park North.  The Company s partner is responsible for the day-to-day activities of the joint venture.  However, the Company has significant involvement in the design of the development and approves all major decisions, including project development, annual budgets and financing.  The Company determined the joint venture is a VIE and that the Company is the VIE s primary beneficiary as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  .   
  In October 2015, the Pier Park North joint venture refinanced a construction loan by entering into a   $48.2 million   loan (the  Refinanced Loan ), which is secured by a first lien on, and security interest in, a majority of the Pier Park North joint venture s property and a   $6.6 million   short term letter of credit.  In October 2016, the letter of credit was reduced to   $1.3 million   based on the terms of the Refinanced Loan agreement.  Additionally, in connection with this refinancing, each of the Pier Park North joint venture partners executed a limited guarantee in favor of the lender, based on their percentage ownership in the joint venture.  See   Note 10,     Debt  . 
  
   19 

     Table of Contents  

In addition, the Company is the primary beneficiary of another real estate joint venture, Artisan Park, L.L.C, that is consolidated within the financial results of the Company.  The Company is entitled to   74%   of the profits or losses of this VIE and is responsible for the day-to-day activities of the joint venture.  The Company has determined that the Company is the primary beneficiary as it has the power to direct the activities that most significantly impact the joint venture s economic performance; therefore, the results of the VIE have been consolidated within the financial results of the Company. 
  Unconsolidated Real Estate VIE 
  As of   September 30, 2016  , the Company is a partner in ALP Liquidating Trust ( ALP ) that is accounted for using the equity method.  The joint venture was entered into to develop and sell certain mixed use residential and commercial projects.  The Company has evaluated the VIE consolidation requirements with respect to this joint venture and has determined that the Company is not the primary beneficiary, since the Company does not have the power to direct the activities that most significantly impact the economic performance of the VIE.  The Company is not required to contribute additional funds to ALP.  
    
  Summarized financial information for ALP is as follows:    

(1)  In 2008 the Company wrote-off its investment in ALP as a result of ALP reserving its assets to satisfy potential claims and obligations in accordance with its publicly reported liquidation basis of accounting.  Subsequently, ALP changed its method of accounting to a going concern basis and reinstated its equity and stated it would report certain expenses as they are incurred.  The Company has not recorded any additional equity income as a result of ALP s change in accounting. 
  For the three months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , ALP reported net loss of   $0.2 million   and   $0.4 million  , respectively.  For the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , ALP reported net loss of   $0.5 million   and   $1.6 million  , respectively.  

10. Debt 
    
  Debt consists of the following at   September 30, 2016  :  

20 

     Table of Contents  

Debt consists of the following at   December 31, 2015  :  

The Refinanced Loan accrues interest at a rate of   4.1%   per annum and matures in November 2025.  In connection with the Refinanced Loan, the Company entered into a limited guarantee in favor of the lender, based on its percentage ownership of the joint venture.  In addition, the guarantee can become full recourse in the case of any fraud or intentional misrepresentation by the Pier Park North joint venture; any voluntary transfer or encumbrance of the property in violation of the due-on-sale clause in the security instrument; upon commencement of voluntary or insolvency proceedings and upon breach of covenants in the security instrument.  
  Community Development District ( CDD ) bonds financed the construction of infrastructure improvements at several of the Company s projects.  The principal and interest payments on the bonds are paid by assessments on, or from sales proceeds of, the properties benefited by the improvements financed by the bonds.  The Company has recorded a liability for CDD assessments that are associated with platted property, which is the point at which the assessments become fixed or determinable.  Additionally, the Company has recorded a liability for the balance of the CDD assessment that is associated with unplatted property if it is probable and reasonably estimable that the Company will ultimately be responsible for repaying.  The Company has recorded debt of   $6.7 million   and   $7.0 million   related to CDD assessments as of   September 30, 2016   and December 31,   2015  , respectively.  The Company s total outstanding CDD assessments were   $21.9 million   and   $22.5 million   at   September 30, 2016   and December 31,   2015  , respectively.  The Company pays interest on the total outstanding CDD assessments. 
    
  The aggregate maturities of debt subsequent to   September 30, 2016   are: 

21 

Table of Contents  

11. Other Liabilities 
  Other liabilities consist of the following: 

Deferred revenue at   September 30, 2016   and December 31,   2015   includes   $12.5 million   related to a 2006 agreement pursuant to which the Company agreed to sell rural land to the Florida Department of Transportation.  Revenue is recognized when title to a specific parcel is legally transferred. 
    
  Membership deposits and initiation fees consist of deposits and fees received for club memberships.  Initiation fees are recognized as revenue over the estimated average duration of membership. 
  Advance deposits consist of deposits received on hotel rooms and vacation rentals.  Advance deposits are recorded as other liabilities in the condensed consolidated balance sheets without regard to whether they are refundable and are recognized as income at the time the service is provided for the related deposit. 
  Other accrued liabilities include   $3.8 million   of accrued property taxes as of   September 30, 2016  , which are generally paid annually in November.  As of December 31,   2015   the Company had   no   accrued property taxes. 

12. Income Taxes 
  Income tax expense differed from the amount computed by applying the federal statutory rate of   35%   to pre-tax income or loss as a result of the following:    

As of   September 30, 2016  , the Company had   no   federal net operating loss carryforwards and had   $313.1 million   of state net operating loss carryforwards, which are available to offset future taxable income through   2031  .  
  In general, a valuation allowance is recorded if, based on the available evidence, it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax asset will not be realized.  Realization of the Company s deferred tax assets is dependent upon the Company generating sufficient taxable income in future years in the appropriate tax jurisdictions to obtain a benefit from the reversal of deductible temporary differences and from loss carryforwards.  As of   December 31, 2015  , based on the timing of reversal of future taxable amounts and the Company s history of losses, management did not believe it met the requirements to realize the benefits of certain of its deferred tax assets; therefore, the Company had maintained a valuation allowance of   $6.0 million  .  During the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , the Company reversed   $0.7 million   of the valuation allowance that was recorded as of December 31, 2015.  As of   September 30, 2016  , management believes it has not met the requirements to realize the benefits for a portion of its deferred tax assets for state net operating loss carryforwards; therefore, the Company has maintained a valuation allowance of   $5.3 million   for these deferred tax assets. 
  
   22 

     Table of Contents  

The Company had approximately   $1.7 million   of total unrecognized tax benefits as of each   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  .  Of this total, there are no amounts of unrecognized tax benefits that, if recognized, would affect the effective income tax rate.  There were no decreases or increases related to prior year or current year tax positions. 

13. Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) 
  Following is a summary of the changes in the accumulated balances of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss), which is presented net of tax, as of   September 30, 2016  : 
                       
    Unrealized Gains on Available-for-Sale Securities 
      Accumulated other comprehensive loss at December 31, 2015 
    $ 
    (686 
    ) 
      Other comprehensive income before reclassifications 
    2,005 
      
      Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income 
    (25 
    ) 
      Other comprehensive income 
    1,980 
      
      Accumulated other comprehensive income at September 30, 2016 
    $ 
    1,294 

Following is a summary of the tax effects allocated to other comprehensive income (loss) for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  : 

23 

     Table of Contents  

Following is a summary of the tax effects allocated to other comprehensive income for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  : 

14. Stockholders  Equity 
  Stock Repurchase Program 
  During the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , the Company repurchased   995,650   shares of its common stock at an average purchase price of   $14.88   per share, for an aggregate purchase price of   $14.8 million  , pursuant to its stock repurchase program (the  Stock Repurchase Program ).  As of   September 30, 2016  , the Company had a total authority of   $190.9 million   available for purchase of shares of its common stock pursuant to its Stock Repurchase Program.  The Company may repurchase its common stock in open market purchases from time to time, in privately negotiated transactions or otherwise, pursuant to Rule 10b-18 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act ).  The timing and amount of any additional shares to be repurchased will depend upon a variety of factors, including market and business conditions and other factors.  Repurchases may be commenced or suspended at any time or from time to time without prior notice.  The Stock Repurchase Program will continue until otherwise modified or terminated by the Company s Board of Directors at any time in its sole discretion.  In July 2016, the Company retired   17,998,658   shares of treasury stock at a value of   $320.1 million  . 
  Issuance of Common Stock for Director s Fees 
  On May 17, 2016, the Board approved the issuance of   8,919   restricted stock awards to   three   members of the Board of Directors as part of their compensation package and pursuant to the 2015 Performance and Equity Incentive Plan.  These restricted stock awards vested   25%   on the date of issue and   25%   on August 17, 2016, with the remaining balance vesting   25%   on November 17, 2016 and February 17, 2017.  For the three and   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , the Company recorded expense of less than   $0.1 million  , related to restricted stock awards to the Company s directors.   

24 

Table of Contents  

15. Employee Benefit Plans 
  The Company maintains a 401(k) retirement plan covering substantially all officers and employees of the Company, which permits participants to defer up to the maximum allowable amount determined by the IRS of their eligible compensation.  
  As part of the Pension Plan termination in 2014, the Company directed the Pension Plan to transfer   $7.9 million   of the Pension Plan s surplus assets into a suspense account in the Company s 401(k) Plan.  The Company has retained the risks and rewards of ownership of these assets; therefore, the assets held in the suspense account are included in the Company s condensed consolidated financial statements until they are allocated to participants.  At   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , the fair value of these assets was recorded in restricted investments on the Company s condensed consolidated balance sheets and were   $5.6 million   and   $7.1 million  , respectively.  
  The Company expenses the fair value of the assets at the time the assets are allocated to participants, which is expected to be up to the next   five   years.  During the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , the Company recorded an expense of     $1.4 million   and   $0.9 million  , respectively, for the fair value of the assets, less expenses, that were allocated to participants during that period.  In addition, any gains and losses on these assets are reflected in the Company s condensed consolidated financial statements and were less than a   $0.1 million   gain for both the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  .  Refer to Note 5,   Financial Instruments and Fair Value Measurements.    

16. Other Income (Expense)   
  Other income (expense) consists of the following: 

25 

     Table of Contents  

Investment income, net  
  Interest and dividend income includes interest income accrued or received on the Company s corporate debt securities and dividend income received from the Company s preferred stock and other investments.  Accretion income includes the amortization of the premium or discount related to the Company s available-for-sale securities, which is amortized based on an effective interest rate method over the term of the available-for-sale securities.    Realized gains on the sale of investments include the gain recognized on the sale of an available-for-sale security prior to maturity. 
         Interest income from investments in SPEs primarily includes interest accrued or received on the Timber Note, which is used to pay the interest expense for the Senior Notes issued by NFTF.  
  Interest expense 
    Interest expense includes interest expense related to the Company s CDD debt and the construction loan and Refinanced Loan in the Pier Park North joint venture.  Borrowing costs, including the discount and issuance costs for the Senior Notes issued by the special purpose entity, are amortized based on the effective interest method at an effective rate of   4.9%  .   
  Claim settlement 
    
  Claim settlement during the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   includes   $12.5 million   for a settlement related to the Deepwater Horizon oil spill.  See Note 7,   Claim Settlement Receivable   for further discussion. 
  Other, net 
  During the three and   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  , the Company expensed a total of   $0.4 million   and   $7.9 million  , respectively, related to the SEC investigation, which was resolved in October 2015.  This amount was included in Other, net in the condensed consolidated statements of income.  
  The Company records the accretion of investment income from its retained interest investment over the life of the retained interest using the effective yield method with rates ranging from   3.7%   to   11.3%  .  Hunting lease income is recognized as income over the term of the lease.  

17. Segment Information 
  The Company conducts primarily all of its business in the following   five   reportable operating segments: 1) residential real estate, 2) commercial real estate, 3) resorts and leisure, 4) leasing and 5) forestry.  
  The residential real estate segment generates revenue from the development and sale of homes and homesites and the sale of parcels of entitled, undeveloped lots.  The commercial real estate segment sells undeveloped or developed land and commercial operating property.  The resort and leisure segment generates revenue and incurs costs from the WaterColor Inn and Resort, vacation rental program, management of The Pearl Hotel,   four   golf courses, a beach club, marina operations and other related resort activities.  The leasing segment generates revenue and costs from retail and commercial leasing operations, including the Company s consolidated joint venture at Pier Park North.  The forestry segment produces and sells woodfiber, sawtimber and other forest products and may sell the Company s timber or rural land holdings.  
  The Company s reportable segments are strategic business units that offer different products and services.  They are each managed separately and decisions about allocations of resources are determined by management based on these strategic business units. 
  The Company uses income before income taxes and non-controlling interest for purposes of making decisions about allocating resources to each segment and assessing each segment s performance, which the Company believes represents current performance measures. 
  The accounting policies of the segments are set forth in Note 2 to the Company s consolidated financial statements contained in Item 15 of the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015  .  Total revenue represent sales to unaffiliated customers, as reported in the Company s condensed consolidated statements of income.  All significant intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation.  The caption entitled  Other  consists of mitigation credit revenue and non-allocated corporate general and administrative expenses, net of investment income. 
  
   26 

     Table of Contents  

Information by business segment is as follows: 

18. Commitments and Contingencies 
  The Company establishes an accrued liability when it believes it is both probable that a loss has been incurred and the amount of the loss can be reasonably estimated.  The Company will evaluate the range of reasonably estimated losses and record an accrued liability based on what it believes to be the minimum amount in the range, unless it believes an amount within the range is a better estimate than any other amount.  In such cases, there may be an exposure to loss in excess of the amounts accrued.  The Company evaluates quarterly whether further developments could affect the amount of the accrued liability previously established or would make a loss contingency both probable and reasonably estimable. 
  The Company also provides disclosure when it believes it is reasonably possible that a loss will be incurred or when it believes it is reasonably possible that the amount of a loss will exceed the recorded liability.  The Company reviews loss contingencies at least quarterly to determine whether the likelihood of loss has changed and to assess whether a reasonable estimate of the loss or range of loss can be made.  This estimated range of possible loss is based upon currently available information and is subject to significant judgment and a variety of assumptions, and known and unknown uncertainties.  The matters underlying the estimated range will change from time to time, and actual results may vary significantly from the current estimate. 
  
   27 

     Table of Contents  

The Company is subject to a variety of litigation, claims, other disputes and governmental proceedings that arise from time to time in the ordinary course of its business, including litigation related to its prior homebuilding activities and those described herein.  The Company cannot assure that it will be successful in defending these matters.  Based on current knowledge, the Company does not believe that loss contingencies arising from pending litigation, claims, other disputes and governmental proceedings, including those described herein, will have a material adverse effect on the consolidated financial position or liquidity of the Company.  However, in light of the inherent uncertainties involved in these matters, an adverse outcome in one or more of these matters could be material to the Company s results of operations or cash flows for any particular reporting period. 
  The Company is subject to costs arising out of environmental laws and regulations, which include obligations to remove or limit the effects on the environment of the disposal or release of certain wastes or substances at various sites, including sites which have been previously sold.  It is the Company s policy to accrue and charge against earnings environmental cleanup costs when it is probable that a liability has been incurred or range of loss can be reasonably estimated.  As assessments and cleanups proceed, these accruals are reviewed and adjusted, if necessary, as additional information becomes available. 
  The Company s former paper mill site in Gulf County and certain adjacent properties are subject to various Consent Agreements and Brownfield Site Rehabilitation Agreements with the Florida Department of Environmental Protection ( FDEP ).  The paper mill site has been rehabilitated by Smurfit-Stone Container Corporation in accordance with these agreements and a final Site Rehabilitation Completion Order ( SRCO ) issued by the FDEP has been received.  The Company is in the process of assessing certain neighboring properties.  Management is unable to quantify future rehabilitation costs above present accruals at this time or provide a reasonably estimated range of loss. 
  Other litigation, claims, disputes and governmental proceedings, including environmental matters, are pending against the Company.  Accrued aggregate liabilities related to the matters described above and other litigation matters were   $2.3 million   and   $2.5 million   as of   September 30, 2016   and December 31,   2015  , respectively.  Significant judgment is required in both the determination of probability and the determination as to whether the amount of an exposure is reasonably estimable.  Due to uncertainties related to these matters, accruals are based only on the information available at the time.  As additional information becomes available, management reassesses potential liabilities related to pending claims and litigation and may revise its previous estimates, which could materially affect the Company's results of operations in a given period.     
  The Company has retained certain self-insurance risks with respect to losses for third party liability and property damage, including its timber assets. 
  At   September 30, 2016   and December 31,   2015  , the Company was required to provide surety bonds that guarantee completion of certain infrastructure in certain development projects and mitigation banks of   $6.2 million   and   $7.1 million  , respectively, and standby letters of credit in the amount of   $0.4 million   and   $0.5 million  , respectively, which may potentially result in liability to the Company if certain obligations of the Company are not met. 
  At   September 30, 2016  , the Company has a total of   $4.8 million   in contractual obligations, of which   $4.1 million   are for the remainder of 2016,   $0.3 million   are for 2017 and   $0.4 million   are for 2018. 
  In connection with the Refinanced Loan, the Company guaranteed the joint venture s obligations under a short term   $6.6 million   letter of credit which is securing a portion of the joint venture s obligations under the Refinanced Loan.  In October 2016, the letter of credit was reduced to   $1.3 million   based on the terms of the Refinanced Loan agreement.  See Note 9,   Real Estate Joint Ventures   for a further discussion on the Refinanced Loan.  
  As part of the AgReserves Sale in 2014 and certain sales of timberlands in 2007 and 2008, the Company generated significant tax gains.  The installment notes structure allowed the Company to defer the resulting tax liability of   $61.8 million   until 2022 - 2024 and   $69.3 million   until 2029, respectively, the maturity dates for the installment notes.  The Company has a deferred tax liability related to the gains in connection with these sales.  

28 

Table of Contents  

19. Concentration of Risks and Uncertainties 
  The Company s real estate investments are concentrated in Northwest Florida in a number of specific development projects.  Uncertain economic conditions could have an adverse impact on the Company s real estate values and could cause the Company to sell assets at depressed values in order to pay ongoing expenses.  Financial instruments that potentially subject the Company to a concentration of credit risk consist of cash, cash equivalents, investments, notes receivable, other receivables, investments held by SPEs and investments in retained interests.  The Company deposits and invests cash with regional financial institutions, which balances exceed the amount of F.D.I.C. insurance provided on such deposits.  In addition, as of   September 30, 2016  , the Company had   $99.7 million   invested in U.S. Treasury securities,   $113.7 million   invested in   eight   issuers of corporate debt securities that are non-investment grade and   $23.2 million   invested in   three   issuers of preferred stock that are non-investment grade.  In addition, as of   September 30, 2016  , the Company had investments in short term commercial paper from   seven   issuers of   $139.5 million  .  

29 

     Table of Contents  

Item 2.          Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

Business Overview 
  We are a real estate development, asset management and operating company with real estate assets currently concentrated primarily between Tallahassee and Destin, Florida, which we predominantly use, or intend to use, for or in connection with, our various residential or commercial real estate developments, resorts and leisure operations, leasing operations or forestry operations on a limited basis.  We have significant residential and commercial land-use entitlements in hand or in process.  We seek higher and better uses for our real estate assets through a range of activities from strategic land planning and development, infrastructure improvements and promoting economic development in the regions where we operate.  We may explore the sale of such assets opportunistically or when we believe that we can better deploy those resources. 
    
  Segments 
  We conduct primarily all of our business in the following   five   reportable operating segments: 1) residential real estate, 2) commercial real estate, 3) resorts and leisure, 4) leasing operations and 5) forestry.  
  The following table sets forth the relative contribution of these operating segments to our consolidated operating revenue during the three and   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  .  

For more information regarding our operating segments, see Note 17,   Segment Information   of our condensed consolidated financial statements included in this quarterly report.  

Residential Real Estate 
  Our residential real estate segment typically plans and develops mixed-use resort, primary residential and seasonal residential communities of various sizes, primarily on our existing land.  The following is a description of some of our major residential development communities in Florida that we are currently in the process of planning or developing:  
    
    The Watersound Origins community     is a residential community in South Walton County, Florida, with direct access to Lake Powell.  The project has received government approval for 1,074 single-family units with an additional multi-family component, however, the actual number of units that we ultimately approve for development will depend on our development strategy, the extent to which the anticipated returns of the project meets our investment return criteria and the availability of capital resources to fund such development. The Watersound Origins community includes a six-hole golf course that is operated by our resorts and leisure segment. 
    
  The Breakfast Point community   is a residential community in Panama City Beach, Florida.  The project has received government approval for 368 single family units.  However, the actual number of units that we ultimately approve for development will depend on our development strategy, the extent to which the anticipated returns of the project meet our investment return criteria and the availability of capital resources to fund such development.   

30 

     Table of Contents  

The SouthWood community     is a large scale, mixed use community located in the southeastern section of Tallahassee.  The project has received government approval for 4,770 residential units, including 2,074 single family residences and 2,696 multi-family units, however, the actual number of units that we ultimately approve for development will depend on our development strategy, the extent to which the anticipated returns of the project meet our investment return criteria and the availability of capital resources to fund such development.  SouthWood also includes a golf clubhouse, 18-hole golf course and a town center with restaurants, retail shops and offices. The SouthWood Golf Club is operated by our resorts and leisure segment and a portion of the town center is leased and operated by our leasing segment.  
    
      We have other residential communities, such as the SummerCamp Beach, RiverCamps and WindMark Beach communities that have homesites available for sale.  In addition, we have residential communities, such as the WaterColor, WaterSound Beach and WaterSound West Beach communities that are substantially developed and the remaining developed and available homesites in these communities are available for sale. 
       
  Our residential real estate segment generates revenue primarily from the sale of developed homesites; the sale of parcels of entitled, undeveloped land; a lot residual on homebuilder sales that provides us a percentage of the sale price of the completed home if the home price exceeds a negotiated threshold; the sale of impact fee credits; marketing fees and other fees on certain transactions.  The results of our residential real estate revenue may vary from period to period depending on the communities where lots are sold, as prices vary significantly by community.   
    
  Our customer base for the sale of developed homesites is primarily focused on homebuilders.  Homebuilders generally buy more homesites in a single transaction but tend to buy on a more sporadic basis.  As a result, we may experience volatility in the consistency and pace of our residential real estate sales.  In addition, the mix of homesites that we currently sell consists mostly of homesites in our primary communities which typically have a lower price and gross profit margin than homesites in our resort communities.   
       
  Our residential real estate segment incurs cost of revenue primarily from costs directly associated with the land, development and construction of real estate sold and indirect costs such as development overhead, capitalized interest, marketing, project administration and selling costs. 
    
  The Bay-Walton Sector Plan is a long term master plan that includes entitlements, or legal rights, to develop over 170,000 residential units and over 22 million square feet of retail, commercial and industrial uses on approximately 110,500 acres of our land holdings.  We anticipate a wide range of residential and commercial uses on these land holdings, including some portion of these entitlements serving the active adult retirement market.  We believe that there is a growing retirement demographic and that our development experience and the location, size and contiguous nature of our Florida land holdings provide us with strategic opportunities in this demographic.  As is true with all of our projects, what will actually be developed will be a function of more detailed planning, analysis and market conditions, which will occur over time.  
    
  As part of the April 2014 RiverTown real estate sale, the buyer, Mattamy, is obligated to pay impact fees.  Based on Mattamy s current development plans and St. Johns County s current costs for impact fees, we estimate that we may receive $20.0 million to $26.0 million for the impact fees over the five-year period following the closing (most of which, we expect to receive at the end of that five-year period).  However, the actual additional consideration received for the impact fees will be based on a variety of factors outside our control.  We received $0.1 million and $0.2 million during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively, and we have received a total of approximately $0.5 million from April 2014 through September 30, 2016. 

Commercial Real Estate 
  In our commercial real estate segment, we plan, develop and entitle our land holdings for a variety of uses including a broad range of retail, office, hotel and industrial uses.  We sell land for commercial and light industrial uses.  From time to time, our commercial real estate segment also evaluates opportunities to maximize value by selling some of our resorts, leisure or operating properties. 
    
  Our commercial real estate segment generates revenue from the sale of developed and undeveloped land for retail, office, hotel and industrial uses, from the sale of undeveloped land or land with limited development and easements and the sale of commercial operating properties.  Our commercial real estate segment incurs costs of revenue from costs directly associated with the land, development, construction and selling costs. 

31 

Table of Contents  

Resorts and Leisure  
    
  Our resorts and leisure segment features a diverse portfolio of vacation rentals and a hotel, as well as golf courses, a beach club, marinas and other related resort amenities. 
    
  WaterColor Inn, Vacation Rentals and Other Management Services -   Our WaterColor Inn and vacation rentals generate revenue from (1) the WaterColor Inn and Resort and other management services, (2) our management of The Pearl Hotel, (3) our vacation rental business and (4) our restaurants.  The WaterColor Inn incurs expenses from the cost of services and goods provided, personnel costs and third party management fees.  Revenue generated for our management services of The Pearl Hotel include a management fee, fifty percent of certain resort fees and a percentage of The Pearl Hotel s gross operating profit. Expenses include primarily internal administrative costs.  Our vacation rental business generates revenue from the rental of private homes and other services, which includes the entire rental fee collected from the customer, including the homeowner s portion.  A percentage of the fee is remitted to the homeowner and presented in the cost of resorts and leisure revenue.  The vacation rental business also incurs expenses from standard lodging personnel, such as front desk, reservations and marketing. 
    
  Clubs -   Our club operations include our golf courses, beach club and facilities that generate revenue from memberships, daily play at our golf courses, merchandise sales and food and beverage sales and incur expenses from the services provided, maintenance of the golf course and beach club facilities, personnel costs and third party management fees.  
    
  St. Joe Club   Resorts includes our private membership club that provides members, participating homeowners and their rental guests access to our facilities.  The focus is on creating a world class membership experience combined with the all-inclusive aspects of a four star/four diamond resort.  
    
  Marinas -   Our marinas generate revenue from boat slip rentals and fuel sales, and incur expenses from cost of services provided, maintenance of the marina facilities, personnel costs and third party management fees. 

Leasing Operations 
  Our leasing operations generate revenue from leasing retail and commercial property, including properties located in our consolidated joint venture at Pier Park North, commerce parks and our industrial park, VentureCrossings, and incur expenses primarily from maintenance and management of these properties and personnel costs.  Our Pier Park North joint venture also incurs interest and financing expenses related to its loan as described in   Note 9,     Real Estate Joint Ventures  . 

Forestry 
  Our forestry segment focuses on the management of our timber holdings in Northwest Florida.  We grow and sell sawtimber, wood fiber and forest products.  We generate revenue from our forestry segment primarily from open market sales of timber.  We sell product on site without the associated delivery costs.  Our forestry segment generates revenue from the sale of wood fiber, sawtimber, standing timber and forest products.  Our forestry segment incurs costs of revenue from internal costs of forestry management and property taxes. 
    
  Our forestry segment may also generate revenue from the sale of our timber holdings, undeveloped land or land with limited development and easements.  Costs incurred as part of a sale of these lands may include the cost of timber, land, minimal development costs and selling costs.  

Critical Accounting Estimates 
  The discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations are based upon our condensed consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles.  The preparation of these financial statements requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue and expenses and related disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities.  We base these estimates on historical experience, available current market information and on various other assumptions that management believes are reasonable under the circumstances.  Additionally, we evaluate the results of these estimates on an on-going basis.  Management s estimates form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources.  Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions, and our accounting estimates are subject to change. 

32 

     Table of Contents  

Critical accounting policies that we believe reflect our more significant judgments and estimates used in the preparation of our consolidated financial statements are set forth in Item 7 of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015  .  There have been no significant changes in these policies during the first   nine   months of   2016  , however we cannot assure you that these policies will not change in the future. 

Recently Adopted and Issued Accounting Pronouncements  
  See Note 1 to our condensed consolidated financial statements included in this report for recently issued or adopted accounting standards, including the date of adoption and effect on our condensed consolidated financial statements. 

Seasonality 
  Our businesses may be affected by seasonal fluctuations.  For example, revenue from our resorts and leisure operations are typically higher in the second and third quarters; however, they can vary depending on the timing of holidays and school breaks, including spring break.  
    
  In addition to the seasonality effect described above, our residential real estate business from retail sales, which have a more consistent flow of revenue, are predominantly sales to homebuilders, who tend to buy multiple lots in sporadic transactions which impacts the variability in our results of operations.  In addition, the results of our residential real estate revenue may vary from period to period depending on the communities where lots are sold, as prices vary significantly by community.  Our commercial real estate projects are likewise subject to one-off sales and the development of specific projects depending on demand.  These variables have caused, and may continue to cause, our operating results to vary significantly from period to period. 

33 

     Table of Contents  

Results of Operations 
  Consolidated Results 
  The following table sets forth a comparison of the results of our operations for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016     and   2015  .  

34 

     Table of Contents  

Real Estate Revenue and Gross Profit  .  

(1)   
    Calculated percentage of total real estate revenue and the respective gross margin percentage. 

Real Estate Revenue.    During the three months ended   September 30, 2016  , residential real estate revenue decreased   $1.8 million  , or   36.7%  , as compared to the same period in   2015  , primarily due to the mix of homesites sold in our primary home communities.  During both the three months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , we sold   34   lots.  The revenue for each period was impacted by the volume of sales within each of the communities and variance in pricing among the communities.  During the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , residential real estate revenue increased   $1.6 million  , or   11.2%  , as compared to the same period in   2015  , primarily due to a $3.4 million unimproved land sale and the mix of homesites sold in our communities.  During the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , we sold   79   lots compared to   122   lots during the same period in   2015  , due to the timing of builder contractual closing obligations.  
    
  During the three and   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   there were three commercial real estate sales totaling approximately 4 acres for $0.6 million.  During the three months ended   September 30, 2015  , there was no commercial real estate revenue.  During the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  , there were two sales of commercial real estate totaling approximately 11 acres for $4.7 million. 
    
  During the three months ended   September 30, 2016  , we sold approximately 90 acres of rural and timber land for   $0.2 million   and approximately 3 acres of mitigation bank credits for less than   $0.3 million  .  During the three months ended   September 30, 2015   there was no rural land and other revenue.  During the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , we sold approximately 696 acres of rural and timber land for $1.2 million and approximately 4 acres of mitigation bank credits for   $0.3 million  .  During the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  , we sold approximately 3,330 acres of rural and timber land for $5.3 million and approximately 1 acre of mitigation bank credits for less than $0.1 million.  Revenue from rural land and commercial real estate can vary drastically from period to period. 
    
  For additional information see the Segment Results sections for   Residential Real Estate  ,   Commercial Real Estate   and   Forestry  .  
             
  Real Estate Revenue Gross Profit  .  During the three months ended   September 30, 2016  , residential real estate gross profit was   $1.8 million  , or   58.1%  , as compared to   $2.4 million  , or   49.0%  , during the same period in   2015  .  During the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , residential real estate gross profit was   $10.1 million  , or   63.5%  , as compared to   $6.8 million  , or   47.6%  , during the same period in   2015  .  Included in the residential real estate revenue for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , is a $3.4 million unimproved land sale with a gross profit of $3.3 million due to a low historical basis.   

35 

     Table of Contents  

During the three and nine months ended   September 30, 2016  , cost of commercial real estate revenue included   $0.2 million   on the sale of commercial real estate and   $0.4 million   of impairment charges related to a commerce park, which resulted in no commercial real estate gross profit.  During the three months ended September 30, 2015, there were no commercial real estate sales or gross profit.  During the nine months ended September 30, 2015, the commercial real estate gross profit was   $0.5 million  , or   10.6%  .   
    
  During the three months ended   September 30, 2016  , rural land and other revenue gross profit was   $0.4 million  , or   80.0%  . During the three months ended September 30, 2015, there was no rural land and other revenue or gross profit.  During the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , rural land and other revenue gross profit was   $1.2 million  , or   80.0%  , as compared to   $4.7 million  , or   88.7%  , during the same period in   2015  .  
    
  Our gross profit margin can vary significantly from period to period depending on the type of property sold.  Sales of rural and timber land typically have a lower basis than residential and commercial real estate sales.  In addition, our basis in residential and commercial real estate can vary depending on the amount of development or other costs spent on the property.  
  Resorts and Leisure Revenue and Gross Profit  .  

Resorts and leisure revenue increased   $0.5 million  , or   2.7%  , during the three months ended   September 30, 2016  , as compared to the same period in   2015  , due to an increase in average room rates at both the WaterColor Inn and in the vacation rental program, along with an increase in average home size managed in the vacation rental program and increased membership revenue.  Revenue from our resorts and leisure operations are typically higher in the second and third quarters; however, they can vary depending on the timing of holidays and school breaks, including spring break.  Our gross margin decreased during the three months ended   September 30, 2016  , primarily due to increased cost of revenue in our vacation rental business, higher contract labor rates and hours worked as compared to the same period in 2015. 
  Resorts and leisure revenue increased   $1.9 million  , or   4.2%  , during the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , as compared to the same period in   2015  , due to additional vacation rental revenue from renting larger homes, higher room rates and increased membership revenue.  Our gross margin has decreased during the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , primarily due to increased cost of revenue in our vacation rental business, higher contract labor rates and hours worked as compared to the same period in 2015.  
  Leasing Revenue and Gross Profit  .  

Leasing revenue increased   $0.2 million  , or   8.0%  , during the three months ended   September 30, 2016  , as compared to the same period in   2015  .  Leasing revenue increased   $0.6 million  , or   8.8%  , during the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , as compared to the same period in   2015  .  The increase in revenue for both the three and   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , is primarily due to the continued commencement of revenue from new store openings in our Pier Park North joint venture, as well as other new leases. 
  
   36 

     Table of Contents  

Timber Revenue and Gross Profit  .  

Timber revenue decreased   $0.6 million  , or   31.6%  , during the three months ended   September 30, 2016   as compared to the same period in   2015  , primarily due to a decrease in the amount of tons sold due to fluctuations in market supply.  There were   84,000   tons sold during the three months ended   September 30, 2016  , as compared to   109,000   tons sold during the three months ended   September 30, 2015  .  
  Timber revenue decreased   $2.0 million  , or   33.3%  , during the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   as compared to the same period in   2015  , primarily due to a decrease in the amount of tons sold due to fluctuations in market supply.  There were   229,000   tons sold during the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , as compared to   338,000   tons sold during the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  .  
  Other operating and corporate expenses.     

Other operating and corporate expenses decreased by   $4.7 million  , or   47.5%  , during the three months ended   September 30, 2016  , as compared to the same period in   2015  .  Other operating and corporate expenses decreased by   $7.0 million  , or   28.3%  , during the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , as compared to the same period in   2015  .  The decrease in other operating and corporate expenses is primarily due to our continued focus on a low expense structure, which has led to decreases in personnel costs, professional fees and other expenses. 
  
   37 

     Table of Contents  

Investment income, net.    Investment income, net primarily includes (i) interest and dividends earned, (ii) accretion of the net discount, (iii) realized gains from our available for-sale-investments, (iv) interest income earned on the time deposit held by the Buyer SPE and (v) interest earned on mortgage notes receivable. 

Investment income, net, decreased   $4.4 million  , or   48.4%  , to   $4.7 million   for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   as compared to   $9.1 million   for the three months ended   September 30, 2015  , due primarily to the sale of certain corporate debt securities at a realized gain of $5.3 million during the three months ended   September 30, 2015  , which was partially offset by an increase in interest and dividend income and accretion income on available-for-sale securities for the three months ended   September 30, 2016  .  
  Investment income, net decreased   $9.4 million  , or   47.5%  , to   $10.4 million   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   as compared to   $19.8 million   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  , due primarily to the sale of certain corporate debt securities at a realized gain of $5.3 million during the nine months ended   September 30, 2015   and a decrease in interest and dividend income on available-for-sale securities during the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  .  The decrease in interest and dividend income was due primarily to the reduction in investments held during the period.  During the nine months ended   September 30, 2016  , the average balance of investments was approximately   $209.4 million   compared to an average of approximately   $412.5 million   for the nine months ended   September 30, 2015  .  The decrease in investments during these periods is primarily related to the repurchase of common stock during 2015 and 2016 under our Stock Repurchase Program.       
  Interest expense.    Interest expense primarily includes interest expense on our CDD assessments, the Senior Notes issued by NFTF in April 2014 in connection with the AgReserves Sale and the construction loan and Refinanced Loan for our consolidated Pier Park North joint venture.  

Interest expense increased   $0.2 million  , or   6.9%  , and   $0.9 million  , or   10.7%  , during the three and   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , respectively, as compared to the same periods in 2015.  The increase in interest expense is primarily related to the Refinanced Loan for our consolidated Pier Park North joint venture. 
    
  Claim settlement.    Claim settlement consists of $12.5 million for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   due to a settlement related to the Deepwater Horizon oil spill.  
    
  Other, net.    During the three and   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  , the Company expensed a total of   $0.4 million   and   $7.9 million  , respectively, related to the SEC investigation, which was resolved in October 2015.  

38 

     Table of Contents  

Income tax expense.    We recorded income tax expense of   $0.9 million   during the three months ended   September 30, 2016  , as compared to income tax expense of   $1.2 million   during the same period in   2015  .  Our effective tax rate was   25.9%   for the three months ended   September 30, 2016  , as compared to   31.1%   during the same period in   2015  .  
    
  We recorded income tax expense of   $5.2 million   during the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , as compared to income tax expense of   $2.0 million   during the same period in   2015  .  Our effective tax rate was   28.2%   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , as compared to   71.5%   during the same period in   2015  .  
    
  These effective tax rates differ from the U.S. Federal statutory rate of 35% primarily due to the effect of the lower timber rate of 23.8%, impact of state taxes, changes in the valuation allowance and changes in permanent book to tax differences.  Our effective rate for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  , reflected our expectation that settlement costs related to the SEC investigation may not be deductible for income tax purposes, which increased our effective rate in 2015. 

39 

     Table of Contents  

Segment Results 
  Residential Real Estate 
  Our residential real estate segment typically plans and develops mixed-use resort, primary and seasonal residential communities of various sizes, primarily on our existing land.  We own land in Northwest Florida, including Gulf of Mexico beach frontage and waterfront properties, concentrated primarily between Tallahassee and Destin, Florida.  
  The table below sets forth the results of operations of our residential real estate segment for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016     and   2015  :  

Real estate revenue include sales of homes, homesites and other residential land and certain lot residuals from homebuilder sales that provide us a percentage of the sale price of the completed home if the home price exceeds a negotiated threshold.  Other revenue includes brokerage fees, marketing fees and impact fee credits sold.  Cost of real estate revenue includes direct costs (e.g., development and construction costs), selling costs and other indirect costs (e.g., development overhead, capitalized interest and project administration costs).  For the three and   nine   months ended September 30,   2015  , other operating expenses include non-recurring expenses related to the Bay-Walton Sector Plan.   
    
  Three Months Ended September 30, 2016   Compared to the   Three Months Ended September 30, 2015    
  The following table sets forth our residential real estate revenue and cost of revenue activity by property type:    

Resort homesites.    Revenue from resort homesite sales decreased   $0.2 million  , or   14.3%  , during the three months ended   September 30, 2016  , as compared to the same period in   2015  , primarily due to the number and mix of homesites sold in our resort home communities.  During the three months ended   September 30, 2016  , the average revenue per resort homesite sold was approximately $0.6 million, as compared to approximately $0.4 million during the same period in 2015.  Gross profit margins increased to   75.0%   during the three months ended   September 30, 2016  , as compared to   71.4%   during the same period in   2015  , primarily due to the mix of homesites sold during each respective period.  

40 

     Table of Contents  

Primary homesites.    Revenue from primary homesite sales decreased   $1.5 million  , or   50.0%  , during the three months ended   September 30, 2016  , as compared to the same period in   2015  , due to the mix of sales, which were primarily in our Watersound Origins, Breakfast Point and Southwood communities.  During the three months ended   September 30, 2016  , the average revenue per primary homesite sold was less than $0.1 million, as compared to approximately $0.1 million during the same period in 2015.  Gross profit margin increased to   53.3%   during the three months ended   September 30, 2016  , as compared to   43.3%   during the same period in   2015  , primarily due to the mix of homesites sold during each respective period and the timing of the receipt of lot residuals that have no related costs at the time of recognition.  
    Other operating expenses include salaries and benefits, property taxes, marketing, project administration, support personnel and other administrative expenses.  Other operating expenses decreased   $2.3 million  , or   63.9%  , during the three months ended   September 30, 2016  , as compared to the same period in   2015  , primarily due to decreases in personnel costs and professional fees, due to our continued focus on a low expense structure. 
  During the three months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , we capitalized less than $0.1 million of indirect development costs related to our residential development projects.  
  For the three months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , other expense primarily consists of interest expense on CDD assessments and other miscellaneous expenses, partially offset by interest earned on our mortgage notes receivable.  
    
  Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016   Compared to the   Nine Months Ended September 30, 2015    
  The following table sets forth our residential real estate revenue and cost of revenue activity by property type:    

Resort homesites and resort home.    Revenue from resort homesite sales decreased   $0.1 million  , or   1.7%  , during the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , as compared to the same period in   2015  .  During the nine months ended   September 30, 2016  , the average revenue per resort homesite sold was approximately $0.5 million, as compared to approximately $0.4 million during the same period in 2015.  Gross profit margins decreased to   62.1%   during the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , as compared to   64.4%   during the same period in   2015  , primarily due to the mix of homesites sold during each respective period.  
  Primary homesites.    Revenue from primary homesite sales decreased   $1.1 million  , or   17.5%  , during the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , as compared to the same period in   2015  , due to the mix and timing of sales, which were primarily in our Watersound Origins, Breakfast Point and Southwood communities.  During both the nine months ended   September 30, 2016   and 2015, the average revenue per primary homesite sold was approximately $0.1 million.  Gross profit margin increased to   50.0%   during the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , as compared to   42.9%   during the same period in   2015  , primarily due to the mix of homesites sold during each respective period and the timing of the receipt of lot residuals that have no related costs at the time of recognition.  
  Land sales.  D  uring the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , we had a sale of approximately 111 acres of unimproved residential land for $3.4 million resulting in a gross margin of $3.3 million. 
    Other operating expenses include salaries and benefits, property taxes, marketing, project administration, support personnel and other administrative expenses.  Other operating expenses decreased   $3.8 million  , or   47.5%  , during the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , as compared to the same period in   2015  , primarily due to decreases in personnel costs and professional fees, due to our continued focus on a low expense structure. 
  During the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , we capitalized less than $0.1 million of indirect development costs related to our residential development projects.  
  For the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , other expense primarily consists of interest expense on CDD assessments and other miscellaneous expenses, partially offset by interest earned on our mortgage notes receivable.  
  
   41 

     Table of Contents  

Commercial Real Estate 
  Our commercial real estate segment plans, develops, entitles and sells our land holdings, often in conjunction with strategic partners, for a broad range of retail, office, hotel, apartments and industrial uses.  From time to time, our commercial real estate segment may also sell properties in our resort and leisure or leasing operations segments.  The timing of commercial real estate revenue can vary depending on the demand, size and location of the property. 
    
  The table below sets forth the results of operations of our commercial real estate segment for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016     and   2015  :  

Three and Nine   Months Ended   September 30, 2016   Compared to the   Three and Nine   Months Ended   September 30, 2015 
    
    Commercial land sales can vary depending on the mix of commercial land sold in each period, with varying compositions of retail, office, light industrial and other commercial uses.  During the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , there were three commercial real estate sales totaling approximately 4 acres for $0.6 million.  During the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , impairment charges of   $0.4 million   were included in cost of real estate revenue, related to a commerce park.  During the three months ended   September 30, 2015  , there was no commercial real estate revenue.  During the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  , there were two sales of commercial real estate totaling approximately 11 acres for $4.7 million.  
  Other operating expenses include salaries and benefits, property taxes, professional fees and other administrative expenses.  
  
   42 

     Table of Contents  

Resorts and Leisure 
  Our resorts and leisure segment includes recurring revenue from our resorts and leisure operations.  Resorts and leisure revenue and cost of resorts and leisure revenue include results of operations from the WaterColor Inn and vacation rental program, four golf courses, a beach club, marina operations, membership fees, other management services, including management of The Pearl Hotel and other related resort activities.  
  The table below sets forth the results of operations of our resorts and leisure segment for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  :  

The following table sets forth the detail of our resorts and leisure revenue and cost of revenue:    

Three Months Ended September 30, 2016   Compared to the   Three Months Ended September 30, 2015 
       
  Revenue from resorts, vacation rentals and other management services increased   $0.5 million  , or   3.5%  , during the three months ended   September 30, 2016  , as compared to the same period in   2015  , due to an increase in average room rates at both the WaterColor Inn and in the vacation rental program, along with an increase in average home size managed in the vacation rental program.  Revenue from our clubs increased   $0.2 million  , or   5.9%  , during the three months ended   September 30, 2016  , as compared to the same period in   2015  , primarily due to a continued increase in total members, growth in rounds played at the golf courses by resort guests, a strong showing by our food and beverage component at the WaterSound Beach Club and increased membership revenue. 
  Our gross margin has decreased during the three months ended   September 30, 2016  , primarily due to increased cost of revenue in our vacation rental business, higher contract labor rates and hours worked as compared to the same period in 2015. 
  Other operating expenses include salaries and benefits, occupancy fees and other administrative expenses.  
  
   43 

     Table of Contents  

Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016   Compared to the   Nine Months Ended September 30, 2015    

Revenue from resorts, vacation rentals and other management services increased   $1.5 million  , or   4.4%  , during the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , as compared to the same period in   2015  , due to an increase in average room rates at both the WaterColor Inn and in the vacation rental program, along with an increase in average home size managed in the vacation rental program.  Revenue from our clubs increased   $0.7 million  , or   7.4%  , during the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , as compared to the same period in   2015  , primarily due to a continued increase in total members, growth in rounds played at the golf courses by resort guests, a strong showing by our food and beverage component at the WaterSound Beach Club and increased membership revenue. 
  Our gross margin has decreased during the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , primarily due to increased cost of revenue in our vacation rental business, higher contract labor rates and hours worked as compared to the same period in 2015. 
  Other operating expenses include salaries and benefits, occupancy fees and other administrative expenses.  
  
   44 

Table of Contents  

Leasing Operations 
  Our leasing operations segment includes recurring revenue from our retail and commercial leasing operations, including our consolidated joint venture at Pier Park North.  
  The table below sets forth the results of operations of our leasing operations segment for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  :  

Three and Nine   Months Ended   September 30, 2016   Compared to the   Three and Nine   Months Ended   September 30, 2015 
  Revenue from leasing operations increased   $0.2 million  , or   8.0%  , during the three months ended   September 30, 2016  , as compared to the same period in   2015  .  Revenue from leasing operations increased   $0.6 million  , or   8.8%  , during the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , as compared to the same period in   2015  .  The increase in revenue during the three and   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , is primarily due to the continued commencement of revenue from new store openings in our Pier Park North joint venture, as well as other new leases.  As of   September 30, 2016  , we had approximately 517,000 square feet under lease. 
  Other operating expenses include property taxes, insurance, professional fees, marketing, project administration and other administrative expenses.  In June of 2016, a settlement of a lease obligation resulted in a payment by the Pier Park North joint venture entity of   $0.4 million  .  That   $0.4 million   payment is reflected in other operating expenses for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  . 
  Other expense increased   $0.2 million   and   $0.8 million   for the three and   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , respectively, as compared to the same periods in   2015  .  The increase is primarily due to interest expense from the Pier Park North joint venture Refinanced Loan. 
  During the three and   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , we capitalized no indirect development costs related to Pier Park North.  During the three and   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015   we capitalized   $0.1 million   and   $0.2 million  , respectively, of indirect development costs related to Pier Park North. 
  
   45 

     Table of Contents  

Forestry 
    
  Our forestry segment focuses on the management of our timber holdings.  We grow and sell timber and wood fiber and provide land management services for conservation properties.  Our forestry segment may also sell our timber holdings, undeveloped land or land with limited development and easements.  
           
  The table below sets forth the results of operations of our forestry segment for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016     and   2015  . 

The total tons sold and relative percentage of total tons sold by major type of timber sale for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015   are as follows:  

Three Months Ended September 30, 2016   Compared to the   Three Months Ended September 30, 2015    
    
  Revenue from timber sales decreased by approximately   $0.6 million  , or   31.6%  , during the three months ended   September 30, 2016  , as compared to the same period in   2015  , primarily due to a decrease in the amount of tons sold due to fluctuations in market supply.  Gross margin decreased during the three months ended   September 30, 2016  , to   84.6%  , as compared to   89.5%   during the same period in   2015  , primarily due to fluctuations in market supply.  
    
  During the three months ended   September 30, 2016  , we sold approximately 90 acres of rural and timber land for $0.2 million.  Other operating expenses include salaries and benefits, professional fees and other administrative expenses.  Other income consists primarily of income from hunting leases and fill dirt sales. 

46 

     Table of Contents  

Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016   Compared to the   Nine Months Ended September 30, 2015 
    
    Revenue from timber sales decreased by approximately   $2.0 million  , or   33.3%  , during the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , as compared to the same period in   2015  , primarily due to a decrease in the amount of tons sold due to fluctuations in market supply.  Gross margin decreased during   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , to   85.0%  , as compared to   90.0%   during the same period in   2015  , primarily due to fluctuations in market supply.  
    
  During the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , we sold approximately 696 acres of rural and timber land for $1.2 million.  During the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  , we sold approximately 3,330 acres of rural and timber land for $5.3 million.  Other operating expenses include salaries and benefits, professional fees and other administrative expenses.  Other income consists primarily of income from hunting leases and fill dirt sales. 

47 

     Table of Contents  

Liquidity and Capital Resources 
  As of   September 30, 2016  , we had cash and cash equivalents of   $165.3 million  , compared to   $212.8 million   as of   December 31, 2015  .  Our cash and cash equivalents at   September 30, 2016   includes commercial paper of   $139.5 million   and   $9.8 million   of money market funds.  In addition to cash and cash equivalents, we consider our investments classified as available-for-sale securities, especially our investments in U.S. Treasury securities, as being generally available to meet our liquidity needs.  Securities classified as available-for-sale securities are not as liquid as cash and cash equivalents, but they are generally convertible into cash within a relatively short period of time.  As of   September 30, 2016  , we had investments in U.S. Treasuries of   $99.7 million  , investments in corporate debt securities of   $113.7 million   and preferred stock investments of   $23.2 million  .  As of   December 31, 2015  , we had investments in U.S. Treasuries of   $184.7 million  , investments in corporate debt securities of   $6.3 million   and preferred stock investments of   $0.2 million  .  As of   September 30, 2016  ,   $9.1 million   of the   $113.7 million   corporate debt securities and   $0.2 million   of the   $23.2 million   preferred stock are issued by Sears Holdings Corp or affiliates, which may be deemed an affiliate of Fairholme. 
  Fairholme has served as an investment advisor to the Company since April 2013.  As of September 30, 2016, the funds managed by Fairholme beneficially owned approximately   32.3%   of our common stock.  Mr. Bruce Berkowitz is the Chief Investment Officer of Fairholme Capital Management, L.L.C., a director of Fairholme Trust Company, LLC and the Chairman of our Board of Directors.  Mr. Cesar Alvarez also serves as a director of Fairholme Trust Company, LLC and is a member of our Board of Directors.      Fairholme does not receive any compensation for services as our investment advisor. 
  Pursuant to the terms of the Agreement, Fairholme agreed to supervise and direct the investments of an investment account established by us in accordance with the investment guidelines and restrictions approved by the Investment Committee of our Board of Directors.  The investment guidelines are set forth in the Agreement and require that, as of the date of any investment: (i) no more than 15% of the investment account may be invested in securities of any one issuer (excluding the U.S. Government) and (ii) any investment in any one issuer (excluding the U.S. Government) that exceeds 10%, but not 15%, requires the consent of at least two members of the Investment Committee.  Effective November 1, 2016, we entered into an Amendment to the Agreement, pursuant to which we modified the investment guidelines and restrictions described in the Agreement to (i) decrease from at least 50% to 25% the amount of the investment account that must be held in cash and cash equivalents, (ii) permit the investment account to be invested in common equity securities; however, common stock investments shall be limited to exchange-traded common equities, shall not exceed 5% ownership of a single issuer and, cumulatively, the common stock held in our investment portfolio shall not exceed $100.0 million market value, and (iii) provide that the aggregate market value of investments in common stock, preferred stock or other equity investments cannot exceed 25% of the market value of our investment portfolio at the time of purchase.  All other material investment guidelines remain the same. 
  We believe that our current cash position and our anticipated cash flows from cash equivalents, short term investments and cash generated from operations will provide us with sufficient liquidity to satisfy our anticipated working capital needs, expected capital expenditures and principal and interest payments on our long term debt for the next twelve months. 
  During the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , we incurred a total of   $9.2 million   for capital expenditures, which includes   $1.4 million   related to the Pier Park North joint venture, which is included in our leasing operations segment,   $4.6 million   related to the acquisition and development of our residential and commercial real estate projects,   $1.3 million   for our leasing segment,   $0.9 million   related to our resorts and leisure segment and   $1.0 million   related primarily to our forestry and other segments. 
  Our remaining budgeted capital expenditures for   2016   are estimated to be $11.6 million, which includes $9.6 million primarily for the development and acquisition of land for our residential and commercial real estate projects, $0.3 million for our leasing segment, $1.2 million for our resorts and leisure segment and $0.5 million for our forestry and other segments.  A portion of this spending is discretionary and will only be spent if we believe the risk adjusted return warrants the expenditures.  
  In October 2015, the Pier Park North joint venture refinanced its construction loan and entered into a $48.2 million loan.  The Refinanced Loan accrues interest at a rate of 4.1% per annum and matures in November 2025.  In connection with the Refinanced Loan, we entered into a limited guarantee in favor of the lender, based on our percentage ownership of the joint venture.  In addition, the guarantee can become full recourse in the case of any fraud or intentional misrepresentation by the Pier Park North joint venture; any voluntary transfer or encumbrance of the property in violation of the due-on-sale clause in the security instrument; upon commencement of voluntary or insolvency proceedings and upon breach of covenants in the security instrument.  See   Note 9,     Real Estate Joint Ventures  .  
  
   48 

     Table of Contents  

CDD bonds financed the construction of infrastructure improvements in some of our projects.  The principal and interest payments on the bonds are paid by assessments on, or from sales proceeds of, the properties benefited by the improvements financed by the bonds.  We have recorded a liability for CDD assessments that are associated with platted property, which is the point at which the assessments become fixed or determinable.  Additionally, we have recorded a liability for the balance of the CDD assessment that is associated with unplatted property if it is probable and reasonably estimable that we will ultimately be responsible for repaying.  We have recorded debt of   $6.7 million   related to CDD debt as of   September 30, 2016  .  Our total outstanding CDD assessments were   $21.9 million   at   September 30, 2016  , which was comprised of   $18.0 million   at SouthWood,   $3.0 million   at the existing Pier Park retail center,   $0.7 million   at Wild Heron,   $0.1 million   at Rivercrest and less than   $0.1 million   at NatureWalk.  
  During the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , we repurchased 995,650 shares of our common stock at an average stock price of $14.88 per share, for an aggregate purchase price of $14.8 million pursuant to our Stock Repurchase Program.  As of   September 30, 2016  , we had a total authority of $190.9 million available for purchase of shares of our common stock pursuant to our Stock Repurchase Program.  We may repurchase our common stock in open market purchases from time to time, in privately negotiated transactions or otherwise, pursuant to Rule 10b-18 under the Exchange Act.  The timing and amount of any additional shares to be repurchased will depend upon a variety of factors, including market and business conditions and other factors.  Repurchases may be commenced or suspended at any time or from time to time without prior notice.  The Stock Repurchase Program will continue until otherwise modified or terminated by our Board of Directors at any time in its sole discretion.  In July 2016, we retired 17,998,658 shares of treasury stock at a value of $320.1 million. 
  Summary of Cash Flows  
  A summary of our cash flows from operating, investing and financing for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015   are as follows:    

Cash Flows from Operating Activities 
  Cash flows from operating activities include costs related to assets ultimately planned to be sold, including residential real estate development and related amenities, sales of timberlands or undeveloped and developed land, our forestry operations and land developed by the commercial real estate segment.  Net cash provided by operations was   $10.6 million   during the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , as compared to   $35.6 million   during the same period in   2015  , primarily due to receiving $19.6 million from the RiverTown note during the nine months ended September 30, 2015. 
  Cash Flows from Investing Activities 
  Cash flows (used in) provided by investing activities primarily includes purchases and sales of investments, investments in assets held by SPEs, capital expenditures incurred by our Pier Park North joint venture for property to be held and used in the joint venture s operations and capital expenditures for property and equipment used in our operations.  During the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , net cash used in investing activities was   $42.9 million  , which includes purchases of investments of   $308.2 million  , maturities of investments of   $185.0 million   and sales of investments of   $83.3 million  .  During the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  , net cash provided by investing activities was   $387.0 million  , which includes purchases of investments of   $239.7 million  , maturities of investments of   $310.0 million   and sales of investments of   $323.7 million  .  
  During the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , capital expenditures incurred by our Pier Park North joint venture were   $1.4 million  , which were reported in our leasing operations segment and capital expenditures for other property and equipment were   $2.4 million  , which were primarily for our leasing operations and resorts and leisure segments.  During the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  , capital expenditures incurred by our Pier Park North joint venture were   $5.5 million  , which were reported in our leasing operations segment and capital expenditures for other property and equipment were   $2.3 million  , which were primarily for our resorts and leisure segment.  
  
   49 

     Table of Contents  

Cash Flows from Financing Activities 
  Net cash used in financing activities was   $15.2 million   during the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   compared to net cash used in financing activities of   $299.2 million   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  , primarily a result of the repurchase of common stock in 2016 and 2015, offset by borrowings on the Pier Park North construction loan in 2015.  During the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  ,   $14.8 million   and   $304.9 million  , respectively, were used for the repurchase of our common stock.  
   
  Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
  In October 2015, the Pier Park North joint venture refinanced its construction loan and entered into a $48.2 million loan.  The Refinanced Loan accrues interest at a rate of 4.1% per annum and matures in November 2025.  The Refinanced Loan provides for interest only payments during the first twelve months and principal and interest payments thereafter with a final balloon principal payment at maturity of the Refinanced Loan.  The Refinanced Loan is secured by a first lien on, and security interest in, a majority of Pier Park North joint venture s property and a short term   $6.6 million   letter of credit.  In October 2016 the letter of credit was reduced to   $1.3 million   based on the terms of the Refinanced Loan agreement.  In connection with the Refinanced Loan, we entered into a limited guarantee and are required to comply with a financial covenant as described in   Note 9,     Real Estate Joint Ventures  . 
    
  During 2008 and 2007, we sold 132,055 acres of timberland in exchange for fifteen year installment notes receivable in the aggregate amount of $183.3 million.  The installment notes are fully backed by irrevocable letters of credit issued by Wachovia Bank, N.A. (now a subsidiary of Wells Fargo   Company).  We contributed the installment notes to bankruptcy remote qualified SPEs.  The entities  financial condition and financial results are not consolidated in our financial statements. 
    
  During 2008 and 2007, the entities monetized $183.3 million of installment notes by issuing debt securities to third party investors equal to approximately 90% of the value of the installment notes.  Approximately $163.0 million in net proceeds were distributed to us during 2008 and 2007.  The debt securities are payable solely out of the assets of the entities and proceeds from the letters of credit.  The investors in the entities have no recourse against us for payment of the debt securities or related interest expense.  We have recorded a retained interest with respect to all entities of   $10.5 million   for all installment notes monetized through   September 30, 2016  .  This balance represents the present value of future cash flows to be received over the life of the installment notes, using management s best estimates of underlying assumptions, including credit risk and interest rates as of the date of the monetization, plus the accretion of investment income based on an effective yield, which is recognized over the term of the notes, less actual cash receipts.  We continue to update the expectation of cash flows to be collected over the term of the notes.  Changes to the previously projected cash flows are accounted for prospectively, unless based on management s assessment of current information and events, it is determined that there is an other-than-temporary impairment.  We have not recorded an other-than-temporary impairment during the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  . 
    
  At   September 30, 2016   and December 31,   2015  , the Company was required to provide surety bonds that guarantee completion of certain infrastructure in certain development projects and mitigation banks of   $6.2 million   and   $7.1 million  , respectively and standby letters of credit in the amount of   $0.4 million   and   $0.5 million  , respectively, which may potentially result in liability to the Company if certain obligations of the Company are not met. 

Contractual Obligations  
  There were no material changes outside the ordinary course of our business in our contractual obligations during the third quarter of 2016. 

50 

     Table of Contents  

Forward-Looking Statements 
    
  This quarterly report contains  forward-looking statements  within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act and Section 21E of the Exchange Act.  These statements concern expectations, beliefs, projections, plans and strategies, anticipated events or trends and similar expressions concerning matters that are not historical facts.  Specifically, this quarterly report contains forward-looking statements regarding: 
             
    our expectations concerning our future business strategy and our intent to seek higher and better uses for our real estate assets;  
                
    our beliefs regarding growth in the retirement demographic and the strategic opportunities provided to us by such growing retirement demographic; 
                
    our expectations regarding the wide range of residential and commercial uses of our Bay-Walton Sector Plan land holdings, including to serve the active adult retirement market;  
                
    our expectations regarding the amount and timing of the impact fees which we will receive in connection with the RiverTown Sale;  
                
    our expectation regarding our liquidity or ability to satisfy our working capital needs, expected capital expenditures and principal and interest payments on our long term debt;  
                
    our estimates and assumptions regarding the installment notes and the Timber Note; 
                
    our expectation regarding the impact of pending litigation, claims, other disputes or governmental proceedings, on our cash flows, financial condition or results of operations; and  

51 

     Table of Contents  

These forward-looking statements reflect our current views about future events and are subject to risks, uncertainties and assumptions.  We wish to caution readers that certain important factors may have affected and could in the future affect our actual results and could cause actual results to differ significantly from those expressed in any forward-looking statement.  The most important factors that could prevent us from achieving our goals, and cause the assumptions underlying forward-looking statements and the actual results to differ materially from those expressed in or implied by those forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, those risk factors and disclosures set forth in our Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015  , and subsequent, Form 10-Qs and other current reports, and the following: 
             
    any changes in our strategic objectives and our ability to successfully implement such strategic objectives;  
                
    any potential negative impact of our longer-term property development strategy, including losses and negative cash flows for an extended period of time if we continue with the self-development of recently granted entitlements;  
                
    our ability and the ability of our investment advisor to identify and acquire suitable investments for our investment portfolio that meet our risk and return criteria; 
                
    significant decreases in the market value of our investments in securities or any other investments; 
                
    our ability to capitalize on strategic opportunities presented by a growing retirement demographic; 
                
    our ability to accurately predict market demand for the range of potential residential and commercial uses of our real estate, including our Bay-Walton Sector holdings; 
                
    volatility in the consistency and pace of our residential real estate revenue;   
                
    any downturns in real estate markets in Florida or across the nation; 
                
    our dependence on the real estate industry and the cyclical nature of our real estate operations; 
                
    our ability to successfully and timely obtain land use entitlements and construction financing, maintain compliance with state law requirements and address issues that arise in connection with the use and development of our land, including the permits required for mixed-use and active adult communities;  
                
    changes in laws, regulations or the regulatory environment affecting the development of real estate;  
                
    our ability to effectively deploy and invest our assets, including our available-for-sale securities;  
                
    our ability to effectively manage our real estate assets, as well as the ability of our joint venture partner to effectively manage the day-to-day activities of the Pier Park North joint venture; 
                
    our ability to successfully estimate the amount and timing of the impact fees we will receive in connection with the RiverTown Sale;  
                
    increases in operating costs, including costs related to real estate taxes, owner association fees, construction materials, labor and insurance and our ability to manage our cost structure;  
                
    the sufficiency of our current cash position, anticipated cash flows from cash equivalents and short term investments and cash generated from operations to satisfy our anticipated working capital needs, capital expenditures and principal and interest payments; 
                
    our ability to anticipate the impact of pending environmental litigation matters or governmental proceedings on our financial condition or results of operations;  
                
    the expense, management distraction and possible liability associated with litigation, claims, other disputes or governmental proceedings;  
                
    potential liability under environmental or construction laws, or other laws or regulations; 
                
    our ability to receive payments of settlement amounts due under our claims settlement receivable; 
                
    our ability to successfully estimate the impact of certain accounting and tax matters that arise from the installment notes and the Timber Note; and 
                
    the performance of the surplus assets in the Pension Plan may not be what we expected. 

52 

     Table of Contents  

Item 3.       Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk    
  We are exposed to market risks primarily from interest rate risk fluctuations.  We have investments in corporate debt securities and U.S. Treasury securities that have fixed interest rates for which changes in interest rates generally affect the fair value of the investment, but not the earnings or cash flows.   A hypothetical 100 basis point increase in interest rates would result in a decrease of approximately   $6.3 million   in the market value of our available-for-sale securities as of   September 30, 2016  .  Any realized gains or losses resulting from such interest rate changes would only occur if we sold the investments prior to maturity.  In addition, our investments in corporate debt securities are non-investment grade, which could affect their fair value and could materially impact our results of operations if a decline in their value is determined to be other-than-temporary.  
  Our cash and cash equivalents are invested in commercial paper and money market instruments.  Changes in interest rates related to these investments would not significantly impact our results of operations.  The amount of interest earned on one of our retained interest investments is based on LIBOR.  A 100 basis point change in the interest rate may result in an insignificant change in interest earned on the investment.  

Item 4.      Controls and Procedures 
  Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures.    Our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act as of the end of the period covered by this report.  Based on this evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that, as of the end of the period covered by this report, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective. 
  Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting.    During the quarter ended   September 30, 2016   there were no changes in our internal controls over financial reporting that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal controls over financial reporting.  
  
   53 

     Table of Contents  

PART II - OTHER INFORMATION 

Item 1.            Legal Proceedings 
  We are subject to a variety of litigation, claims, other disputes and governmental proceedings that arise from time to time in the ordinary course of our business, none of which we believe will have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial position, results of operations or liquidity. 
  In addition, we are subject to environmental laws and regulations, which include obligations to remove or limit the effects on the environment of the disposal or release of certain wastes or substances at various sites, including sites which have been previously sold.  Refer to Note 18,   Commitments and Contingencies  , for further discussion.  

Item 1A.          Risk Factors 
    
  As discussed in our Risk Factors contained in our Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015, we have a significant investment portfolio managed by our investment advisor, Fairholme.  Losses in the fair value of our available-for-sale investments, and the concentration of our investment portfolio in any particular issuer, industry, group of related industries or geographic sector, could have an adverse impact on our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition.  In addition, our equity investments may fail to appreciate and may decline in value or become worthless.  
  As of September 30, 2016, we had $385.9 million in our investment accounts.  Of this amount, we hold $149.3 million in cash equivalents, $99.7 million in U.S. Treasury securities, $113.7 million in corporate debt securities and $23.2 million in preferred stock investments.  In addition, on November 1, 2016, we entered into an Amendment to our Investment Management Agreement which permits us to begin investing in common equity securities.  The market value of these investments is subject to change from period to period.  Our available-for-sale securities currently include investments in non-investment grade corporate debt securities and investments in non-investment grade preferred stock of three issuers.  Pursuant to our Investment Management Agreement with Fairholme, we could invest up to a total of fifteen percent of the investment account in any one issuer as of the date of purchase.   
  We have exposure to credit risk associated with our available-for-sale investments, which include U.S. Treasury securities, corporate debt securities, preferred stock investments and retained interest investments.  These instruments are also subject to price fluctuations as a result of changes in the financial market s assessment of issuer credit quality, increases in delinquency and default rates, changes in prevailing interest rates and other economic factors.  A downgrade of the U.S. government s credit rating could also decrease the value of our available-for-sale investments.  Losses in the fair value of our available-for-sale investments can negatively affect earnings if management determines that such securities are other-than-temporary impaired. The evaluation of other-than-temporary impairment is based on various factors, including the financial condition, business prospects, industry and creditworthiness of the issuer, severity and length of time the securities were in a loss position, our ability and intent to hold investments until unrealized losses are recovered or until maturity.  If a decline in fair value is considered other-than-temporary, the carrying amount of the security is written down and the amount of the credit-related component is recognized in earnings.  Based on these factors, the unrealized losses related to the Company's debt securities of $0.7 million were determined to be temporary at September 30, 2016. 
  Any losses in the fair value of our available-for-sale investments that are deemed to be other-than-temporary due to credit deterioration will result in us being required to record credit-related losses in our Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income.  In addition, as a result of the concentration of our corporate debt securities and preferred stock investments, the performance of our investments may be disproportionately affected by any adverse change in the financial condition of these issuers or the market value of any of the securities in our portfolio, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. 
  Furthermore, although common equity securities have historically generated higher average total returns than other types of securities over the long term, common equity securities also have experienced significantly more volatility in those returns.  The market price of common stock is subject to significant fluctuations due to a number of factors including the operating performance of companies and other risks that may affect specific economic sectors, industries or segments of the market, as well as adverse economic conditions generally, all of which are outside of our control.  Our equity investments may fail to appreciate and may decline in value or become worthless.  A substantial decline in the value of our equity investments would have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. 

54 

Table of Contents  

Item 5.          Other Information 
    
  Item 1.01  Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement 
    
  Amendment to Investment Management Agreement  
    
  Effective November 1, 2016, we and Fairholme entered into an Amendment to the Investment Management Agreement, as amended.  Pursuant to the Agreement, we engaged Fairholme to serve as our investment advisor for our cash and cash equivalents held in an investment account.  Pursuant to the Amendment, we modified the investment guidelines and restrictions described in the Agreement to (i) decrease from at least 50% to 25% the amount of the investment account that must be held in cash and cash equivalents, (ii) permit the investment account to be invested in common equity securities; however, common stock investments shall be limited to exchange-traded common equities, shall not exceed 5% ownership of a single issuer and, cumulatively, the common stock held in our investment portfolio shall not exceed $100.0 million market value, and (iii) provide that the aggregate market value of investments in common stock, preferred stock or other equity investments cannot exceed 25% of the market value of our investment portfolio at the time of purchase.  All other material investment guidelines remain the same. 
    
  As of September 30, 2016, funds managed by Fairholme beneficially owned approximately 32.3% of our common stock.  Mr. Bruce Berkowitz is the Chief Investment Officer of Fairholme Capital Management, L.L.C., a director of Fairholme Trust Company, LLC and the Chairman of our Board of Directors.  Mr. Cesar Alvarez also serves as a director of Fairholme Trust Company, LLC and is a member of our Board of Directors.   

Item 6.       Exhibits 
    
  Exhibit Index 
    
                   Exhibit 
  Number 
      
    Description 
      *10.49c 
      
    Amendment to Investment Management Agreement, dated, November 1, 2016, between Fairholme Trust Company, LLC and The St. Joe Company. 
      *31.1 
      
    Certification by Jorge Gonzalez, President, Chief Executive Officer and Director, pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
      *31.2 
      
    Certification by Marek Bakun, Chief Financial Officer, pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
      *32.1 
      
    Certification by Jorge Gonzalez, President, Chief Executive Officer and Director, pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
      *32.2 
      
    Certification by Marek Bakun, Chief Financial Officer, pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
      **101.INS 
      
    XBRL Instance Document. 
      **101.SCH 
      
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 
      **101.DEF 
      
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 
      **101.CAL 
      
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 
      **101.LAB 
      
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 
      **101.PRE 
      
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 

* 
    Filed herewith. 

** 
    Furnished herewith. 

55 

     Table of Contents  

SIGNATURES 
  Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

THE ST. JOE COMPANY 

Date: 
    November 3, 2016 
    /s/ Jorge Gonzalez 

Jorge Gonzalez 

President and Chief Executive Officer 

Date: 
    November 3, 2016 
    /s/ Marek Bakun 

Marek Bakun 

Chief Financial Officer 

56 

<EX-10.49C>
 2
 joe-2016930xex1049c.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.49C

Exhibit 

Exhibit 10.49c 

FIRST AMENDMENT TO INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT AGREEMENT 
    
  This First Amendment to Investment Management Agreement ( First Amendment ) is made effective as of the 1st day of November, 2016, by and between FAIRHOLME TRUST COMPANY, LLC., a Florida limited liability company and THE ST. JOE COMPANY, a Florida corporation ( Client ).   
    
  WHEREAS, the parties entered into that certain Investment Management Agreement dated October 9, 2015 (the  Agreement  and  
    
  WHEREAS, the parties now desire to make certain modifications to the terms of the Agreement. 
    
  NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual promises and covenants contained in this First Amendment and in the Agreement, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, and intending to be legally bound hereby, the parties agree as follows:   
    
  1.        Recitals.      The recitals set forth above are true and correct and are hereby incorporated herein as if again set forth in their entirety. 
  2.        Section 9(c) to the Agreement  .  The parties agree that the provisions of Section 9(c) shall be deleted in its entirety and replaced with the following:  
  (c)  In addition to the above and to the greatest extent permitted under applicable law, the Client agrees that FTC will have no liability for and the Client agrees to reimburse, indemnify and hold harmless FTC and its partners, directors, officers,  employees, agents and any person controlled by or controlling FTC ( Indemnitees ) from all Losses that result from: (1) any misrepresentation, negligent act or negligent omission by the Client or the Client s previous or other advisers, custodians or other agents; (2) any inaccuracy or breach of the Client s representations, warranties, covenants or agreements contained in this Agreement; (3) FTC s following the Client s or the Client s agent s directions or failing to follow the Client s or the Client s agent s unlawful or unreasonable directions; (4) any of the Client s negligent actions or the negligent actions of the Client s previous or other advisers, custodians or other agents; or (5) the failure by any person not controlled by FTC to perform any obligations to the Client. 
  3.        Schedule B to the Agreement  .   The parties agree that   Schedule B   to the Agreement shall, as of the date hereof, be deleted in its entirety and replaced by   Schedule B   attached to this First Amendment. 
  4.        Entire Agreement and Conflicts.    Except as modified herein, there are no changes to the Agreement, and the Agreement as herein modified, remains in full force and effect.  In the event of a conflict between the Agreement and this First Amendment, the terms of this First Amendment shall control. 
  5.        Counterparts and Facsimile.    This First Amendment may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument.  Execution of this First Amendment by the parties hereto may be evidenced by the transmission of facsimile or electronic (including pdf) copies. 
  IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this First Amendment as of the day and year first above written. 
                                       
    FAIRHOLME TRUST COMPANY, LLC 

THE ST. JOE COMPANY 

By: 
    /s/ Wayne Kellner 
      
    By: 
    /s/ Marek Bakun 
      Name: 
    Wayne Kellner 
      
    Name: 
    Marek Bakun 
      Title: 
    Chief Financial Officer 
      
    Title: 
    Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

SCHEDULE B 
  INVESTMENT GUIDELINES AND RESTRICTIONS 
  (As of November 1, 2016) 
  General Guidelines 
  For the purposes of these Investment Guidelines and Restrictions, the  St. Joe Investment Portfolio  shall refer to all funds that St. Joe collectively places in its investment portfolio custodied with Jefferies, LLC and managed by FTC or FCM.  As of November 1, 2016, the St. Joe Investment Portfolio consisted of three separate accounts created in the name of The St Joe Company or one of its subsidiaries, custodied with Jefferies LLC and managed by FTC or FCM.  
  Compliance with these investment guidelines will be determined, assuming a transaction has occurred, at the time of purchase for each potential investment (or if an investment does not occur on a recognized securities exchange, the date that a binding commitment to execute such transaction is entered into), based on the transaction price.  All investments are to be evaluated under these Investment Guidelines and Restrictions in relation to the cumulative market value of all funds in the St. Joe Investment Portfolio at the time of purchase for the investment . 
  Specific Restrictions 
  1.    Cash   Cash Equivalents must comprise no less than 25% of the St. Joe Investment Portfolio.  Cash   Cash Equivalents include Cash, Commercial Paper, Deposit accounts, US Treasury Bills, SEC registered Money Market Funds.   
  2.    The aggregate market value of investments in common stock, preferred stock or other equity investments cannot exceed 25% of the St. Joe Investment Portfolio market value at the time of purchase .  In addition, common stock investments shall be limited to exchange-traded common equities, shall not exceed 5% ownership of a single issuer and cumulatively, the common stock held in the St. Joe Investment Portfolio shall not exceed $100,000,000 market value. 
  3.    With the exception of the U.S. Government, the cumulative investment in any one issuer (including investments in the issuer s bonds, preferred stock, common of other equity) may not exceed 10% of the St. Joe Investment Portfolio.  This amount can be increased to 15% of the St. Joe Investment Portfolio if at least two St. Joe Board Investment Committee members vote in favor of the investment.   
  4.    The average aggregate duration of fixed coupon bonds must be less than ten years.  This is calculated based on the market value of the outstanding fixed bond portfolio at the time of investment. 
  5.    There shall be no investments in shares of any fund advised by FTC or FCM (provided that, except as otherwise required by law, there shall be no restriction on investing in securities or other instruments held by any such fund).  
  6.    The accounts maintained in the name of The St. Joe Company and St. Joe Timberland Company of Delaware, LLC can hold any investment allowed pursuant to these Investment Guidelines.  The account maintained in the name of St. Joe Corporate Services, LLC can only invest in U.S. Treasury Bills and SEC registered Money Market Funds. 
   (Signatures on Next Page) 

Schedule B to Investment Management Agreement 

FAIRHOLME TRUST COMPANY, LLC 
      
    THE ST. JOE COMPANY 

By: 
    /s/ Wayne Kellner 
      
    By: 
    /s/ Marek Bakun 
      Name: 
    Wayne Kellner 
      
    Name: 
    Marek Bakun 
      Title: 
    Chief Financial Officer 
      
    Title: 
    Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

ST. JOE CORPORATE SERVICES LLC             
                 By: 
    /s/ Marek Bakun 
      Name: 
    Marek Bakun 
      Title: 
    Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

ST. JOE TIMBERLAND COMPANY OF DELAWARE, L.L.C.       
                 By: 
    /s/ Marek Bakun 
      Name: 
    Marek Bakun 
      Title: 
    Manager 

Schedule B to Investment Management Agreement 

</EX-10.49C>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 joe-2016930xex311.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 

Exhibit 31.1 
  CERTIFICATION 
  I, Jorge Gonzalez, certify that: 
           1. 
    I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the period ended   September 30, 2016   of The St. Joe Company; 
              2. 
    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
              3. 
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
              4. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
              (a) 
    Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
              (b) 
    Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
              (c) 
    Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
              (d) 
    Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
              5. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
              (a) 
    All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
              (b) 
    Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
     Date:   November 3, 2016    
                   
    /s/ Jorge Gonzalez 
        
    Jorge Gonzalez 
  President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 joe-2016930xex312.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 

Exhibit 31.2 
  CERTIFICATION 
  I, Marek Bakun, certify that: 
           1. 
    I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the period ended   September 30, 2016   of The St. Joe Company; 
              2. 
    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
              3. 
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
              4. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
              (a) 
    Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
              (b) 
    Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
              (c) 
    Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
              (d) 
    Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
              5. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
              (a) 
    All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
              (b) 
    Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
     Date:   November 3, 2016    
                   
    /s/ Marek Bakun 
        
    Marek Bakun 
  Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 joe-2016930xex321.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 

Exhibit 32.1 
  CERTIFICATION 
  Pursuant to 18 USC  1350, the undersigned officer of The St. Joe Company (the  Company ) hereby certifies that the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended   September 30, 2016   (the  Report ) fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and that the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

/s/ Jorge Gonzalez 
        
    Jorge Gonzalez President and Chief Executive Officer 

Dated:   November 3, 2016    

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 6
 joe-2016930xex322.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

Exhibit 

Exhibit 32.2 
  CERTIFICATION 
  Pursuant to 18 USC  1350, the undersigned officer of The St. Joe Company (the  Company ) hereby certifies that the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended   September 30, 2016   (the  Report ) fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and that the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

/s/ Marek Bakun 
        
    Marek Bakun 
  Chief Financial Officer 

Dated:   November 3, 2016    

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 7
 joe-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 joe-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 9
 joe-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 joe-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 joe-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 joe-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

