<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161007_10-Q_edgar_data_1653629_0001477932-16-012860_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>800970</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>38909</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>63213</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>161703</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>236295</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>241837</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>21</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001477932-16-012860.hdr.sgml : 20161007
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161007133640
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001477932-16-012860
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		35
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160831
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161007
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161007

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Asset Solutions Inc
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001653629
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	OFFICE FURNITURE [2520]
		IRS NUMBER:				371780402
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0531

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	333-207383
		FILM NUMBER:		161927156

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		5 GARBARY
		CITY:			GDANSK
		STATE:			R9
		ZIP:			80327
		BUSINESS PHONE:		702-751-1082

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		5 GARBARY
		CITY:			GDANSK
		STATE:			R9
		ZIP:			80327

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001477932-16-012860.txt : 20161007

10-Q
 1
 asset_10q.htm
 FORM 10-Q
 
   asset_10q.htm      
 
            UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549         FORM 10-Q              Commission file number 333-207383                ASSET SOLUTIONS INC.        (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)           Nevada    (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization)      5 Garbary, Gdansk, Poland 80327     Email: assetsolutions360@gmail.com    (Address of principal executive offices, including zip code)       Tel. U.S. (702) 793-2497 Poland +011(48)(58)732-8054    (Telephone number, including area code)     Check whether the issuer (1) filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act during the past 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the last 90 days. YES  x  NO         Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). YES       NO  x      Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of "large accelerated filer, "accelerated filer," "non-accelerated filer," and "smaller reporting company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.            Large accelerated filer          Accelerated filer             Non-accelerated filer           Smaller reporting company     x          Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). YES       NO  x      State the number of shares outstanding of each of the issuer's classes of common equity, as of the latest practicable date: 5,000,000 shares as of October 6, 2016      

ITEM 1. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS            The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements                 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements                 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements            Asset Solutions Inc.    Notes to the Financial Statements    August 31, 2016         Note 1: Organization and Basis of Presentation      Asset Solutions Inc. (the  Company ) is a for profit corporation established under the corporate laws of the State of Nevada on March 26, 2015.     The Company is in the development phase and intends to expand its office chair distribution business. As such, the Company is subject to all risks inherent to the establishment of a start-up business enterprise.     The accompanying unaudited interim financial statements of Asset Solutions Inc. (the  Company ) have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America and the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission, and should be read in conjunction with the audited financial statements and notes thereto contained in the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the SEC. In the opinion of management, all adjustments, consisting of normal recurring adjustments, necessary for a fair presentation of financial position and the results of operations for the interim periods presented have been reflected herein. The results of operations for interim periods are not necessarily indicative of the results to be expected for the full year. Notes to the financial statements which would substantially duplicate the disclosure contained in the audited financial statements for the fiscal year ended May 31, 2016 as reported in the Annual Report on Form 10-K have been omitted.     Unless the context otherwise requires, all references to  we,   us,   our  or the  Company  are to Asset Solutions Inc.       Note 2: Significant Accounting Policies and Recent Accounting Pronouncements       Use of Estimates and Assumptions       The preparation of financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the period. Actual results could differ from those estimates.       Cash and Cash Equivalents       The Company considers all highly liquid investments with an original maturity of three months or less when purchased to be cash equivalents.       Fair Value of Financial Instruments      ASC 825,  Disclosures about Fair Value of Financial Instruments , requires disclosure of fair value information about financial instruments. ASC 820,  Fair Value Measurements  defines fair value, establishes a framework for measuring fair value in generally accepted accounting principles, and expands disclosures about fair value measurements. Fair value estimates discussed herein are based upon certain market assumptions and pertinent information available to management as of August 31, 2016.     The respective carrying values of certain on-balance-sheet financial instruments approximate their fair values. These financial instruments include cash, accrued liabilities and notes payable. Fair values were assumed to approximate carrying values for these financial instruments since they are short term in nature and their carrying amounts approximate fair value.             Asset Solutions Inc.    Notes to the Financial Statements    August 31, 2016         Basic and Diluted Loss Per Share      The Company computes earnings (loss) per share in accordance with ASC 260-10-45  Earnings per Share , which requires presentation of both basic and diluted earnings per share on the face of the statement of operations. Basic earnings (loss) per share is computed by dividing net earnings (loss) available to common stockholders by the weighted average number of outstanding common shares during the period. Diluted earnings (loss) per share gives effect to all dilutive potential common shares outstanding during the period. Dilutive earnings (loss) per share excludes all potential common shares if their effect is anti-dilutive. The Company has no potential dilutive instruments, and therefore, basic and diluted earnings (loss) per share are equal.      Revenue Recognition      The Company recognizes revenues in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 605,  Revenue Recognition , and with the guidelines of the Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ) Staff Accounting Bulletin ( SAB ) No. 104  Revenue Recognition .     Under SAB 104, four conditions must be met before revenue can be recognized: (i) there is persuasive evidence that an arrangement exists, (ii) delivery has occurred or service has been rendered, (iii) the price is fixed or determinable, and (iv) collection is reasonably assured.     Our customers pay for their product at the time we are advised by the manufacturer/distributor that the product is ready for shipment or pick-up. The Company recognizes revenue when the pre-paid product has been delivered to, or picked up by, the customer. In the event there is a significant delay between the date the customer pre-pays for the product and the delivery or pick-up of the product, revenue would be deferred until the customer accepts delivery of the product.       Income Taxes      We will use the asset and liability method of accounting for income taxes in accordance with ASC Topic 740,  Income Taxes.  Under this method, income tax expense is recognized for the amount of: (i) taxes payable or refundable for the current year and (ii) deferred tax consequences of temporary differences resulting from matters that have been recognized in an entity s financial statements or tax returns. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in the results of operations in the period that includes the enactment date. A valuation allowance is provided to reduce the deferred tax assets reported if based on the weight of the available positive and negative evidence, it is more likely than not some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized.     ASC Topic 740.10.30 clarifies the accounting for uncertainty in income taxes recognized in an enterprise s financial statements and prescribes a recognition threshold and measurement attribute for the financial statement recognition and measurement of a tax position taken or expected to be taken in a tax return. ASC Topic 740.10.40 provides guidance on de-recognition, classification, interest and penalties, accounting in interim periods, disclosure, and transition. We have no material uncertain tax positions for the reporting period presented.      The Company did not record any income tax accrual for the period from inception to August 31, 2016. We expect to incur significant expenses in future periods which will offset any net profit.      Recent Accounting Pronouncements       The Company does not expect the adoption of recently issued accounting pronouncements to have a significant impact on the Company s results of operations, financial position or cash flow.             Asset Solutions Inc.    Notes to the Financial Statements    August 31, 2016          Note 3: Legal Matters      The Company has no known legal issues pending.      Note 4: Capital Stock      The Company has authorized 75,000,000 shares of common stock with a par value of $0.001 per share.     On May 13, 2015 the Company issued 4,000,000 shares of common stock for a purchase price of $0.001 per share to its sole director. The Company received proceeds of $4,000 from the sale of the common stock.     On May 3 and May 6, 2016 the Company issued a total of 1,000,000 shares of common stock for a purchase price of $0.04 per share to 30 individual investors. The Company received proceeds of $40,000 from the sale of the common stock.     As of August 31, 2016 there were no outstanding stock options or warrants.      Note 5: Fixed Assets      On May 25, 2015 the Company purchased a small office located at 5 Garbary in Gdansk Poland. The purchase price was $13,653. The Company will utilize the space as its primary office.     Fixed assets are stated at cost. The Company will utilize straight-line depreciation over the estimated useful life of the asset.     Buildings   15 years   Office Equipment   7 years     During the three months ended August 31, 2016 the Company recorded $228 in depreciation expense for the building, no depreciation was recorded for office equipment as none had been purchased.             Asset Solutions Inc.    Notes to the Financial Statements    August 31, 2016         Note 6: Income Taxes      The Company uses the asset and liability method of accounting for income taxes in accordance with ASC Topic 740,  Income Taxes.  Under this method, income tax expense is recognized for the amount of: (i) taxes payable or refundable for the current year and (ii) deferred tax consequences of temporary differences resulting from matters that have been recognized in an entity s financial statements or tax returns. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled.     The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in the results of operations in the period that includes the enactment date. A valuation allowance is provided to reduce the deferred tax assets reported if based on the weight of the available positive and negative evidence, it is more likely than not some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized.     ASC Topic 740.10.30 clarifies the accounting for uncertainty in income taxes recognized in an enterprise s financial statements and prescribes a recognition threshold and measurement attribute for the financial statement recognition and measurement of a tax position taken or expected to be taken in a tax return. ASC Topic 740.10.40 provides guidance on de-recognition, classification, interest and penalties, accounting in interim periods, disclosure, and transition. We have no material uncertain tax positions for the reporting period presented.     The Company did not record any income tax accrual for the period from inception to August 31, 2016. We expect to incur significant expenses in future periods which will offset any future net income.     In the future the Company will record income tax accruals at the following rates:                   Note 7: Related Party Transactions      The director of the Company made the initial $100 deposit to open the bank account. In September 2015 the director paid audit fees on behalf of the company in the amount of $650. These amounts, totaling $750, are being carried as a Related Party Loan which bears no interest and is payable on demand.      Note 8: Subsequent Events      The Company has evaluated events subsequent through the date these financial statements have been issued to assess the need for potential recognition or disclosure in this report. Such events were evaluated through the date these financial statements were available to be issued, October 6, 2016. Based upon this evaluation, it was determined that no subsequent events occurred that require recognition or disclosure in the financial statements.            ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OR PLAN OF OPERATION.        CAUTIONARY STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS       This report contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. These statements relate to future events or our future financial performance. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terminology such as  may ,  should ,  expects ,  plans ,  anticipates ,  believes ,  estimates ,  predicts ,  potential  or  continue  or the negative of these terms or other comparable terminology. These statements are only predictions and involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors, including the risks in the section entitled  Risk Factors  and the risks set out below, any of which may cause our or our industry s actual results, levels of activity, performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results, levels of activity, performance or achievements expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements.      Forward looking statements are made based on management s beliefs, estimates and opinions on the date the statements are made and we undertake no obligation to update forward-looking statements if these beliefs, estimates and opinions or other circumstances should change. Although we believe that the expectations reflected in the forward-looking statements are reasonable, we cannot guarantee future results, levels of activity, performance or achievements. Except as required by applicable law, including the securities laws of the United States, we do not intend to update any of the forward-looking statements to conform these statements to actual results.     Our financial statements are stated in United States dollars ($US) and are prepared in accordance with United States Generally Accepted Accounting Principles.     In this report, unless otherwise specified, all references to "common stock" refer to the common shares in our capital stock.     As used in this quarterly report, the terms "we", "us", "our",  Asset" and  Asset Solutions  mean Asset Solutions Inc., unless the context clearly requires otherwise.       Results of Operations       We received the initial equity funding of $4,000 from our sole officer and director who purchased 4,000,000 shares of our common stock at $0.001 per share.      On May 3 and May 6, 2016 the Company issued a total of 1,000,000 shares of common stock for a purchase price of $0.04 per share to 30 individual investors. The Company received proceeds of $40,000 from the sale of the common stock.     As of August 31, 2016, the Company had 5,000,000 shares of common stock issued and outstanding.      As of August 31, 2016, there is a total of $750 in a related party loan that is owed by the company to its officer and director for expenses that he has paid on behalf of the company. The loan is interest free and payable on demand.     Our total assets at August 31, 2016 were $12,781, which was comprised of $342 cash in the bank and $12,439 (net) in our office building. We currently anticipate that our legal and accounting fees over the next 12 months as a result of being a reporting company with the SEC, and will be approximately $10,000 per year.     Our revenue for the three months ended August 31, 2016 and 2015 was $42,300 and 30,011, respectively. Our cost of goods sold for the three months ended August 31, 2016 and 2015 was $24,173 and $25,257, respectively, resulting in gross profits of $18,128 and $4,754. Our operating expenses for the three months ended August 31, 2016 and 2015 were $18,479 and $7,248 resulting in net income (loss) of $(351) and $(2,494), respectively.             The following table provides selected financial data about our Company for the period from the date of incorporation through August 31, 2016. For detailed financial information, see the financial statements included in this report.             Plan of Operation for the next 12 months       We closed our recent Offering pursuant to a Registration Statement on Form S-1. The Offering was for the sale of a total of 2,000,000 shares of common stock at a fixed price of $.04 per share. We were only able to sell 50% of the offering, 1,000,000 shares for proceeds of $40,000. Proceeds from the sale of the shares will be used to fund the initial stages of our business development. The following table sets forth the use of proceeds based on the sale of 50% of the securities offered for sale by the Company.            The above figures represent only estimated costs. If necessary, Olaf Robak, our president and director, has verbally agreed to loan the Company funds as needed to maintain reporting status and quotation on the OTC Electronic Bulletin Board when and if our common stocks become eligible for trading on the Over-the-Counter Bulletin Board. There is no due date for the repayment of the funds advanced by Mr. Robak. Mr. Robak will be repaid from revenues of operations if and when we generate revenues to pay the obligation.     Our plan of operations over the next 12 month period is as follows:     We intend to continue our operations in the business of office chair products distribution. We have generated $205,994 in revenues from the sale of office products to one client. Our principal business activities to date consist of creating a business plan, purchasing our office building in Poland and signing a Marketing and Sales Distribution Agreement with our suppliers: Guangzhou Yuhan Office Supplies Co., Ltd., HAOCHENG CO., LTD., Wenzhou LINGFENG ELECTRONIC TECHNOLOGY Co., Ltd., YICHUANG INDUSTRY LIMITED and L.F. LEISURE PRODUCTS CO., dated March 27th, April 2nd and April 13th, 2015.            Our current cash balance and revenues may not be sufficient to fund our operations for the next 12 months. If we need more money we will have to revert to obtaining additional financing by way of a private debt or equity financing. We may also utilize funds from Mr. Robak, our sole Officer and Director, who has informally agreed to advance funds to allow us to pay for filing fees and professional fees, including fees payable in connection with the filing reports with the SEC and operation expenses. There is no a maximum amount of funds that our President has agreed to advance. Mr. Robak, however, has no formal commitment, arrangement or legal obligation to advance or loan funds to the company.     During first months after completion of our recent offering, we will furnish our office and develop our web site. During months 6-12 we will be developing our marketing campaign and we believe we will start to see substantial increase in sales of our products and earn much larger revenue. There is no assurance we will ever reach that stage.     Our plan of operations is as follows:        Furnish our Office       Time Frame: 1 st - 3 rd  months.      Material costs: $4,000       We plan to furnish up our office which we purchased on May 29, 2015 in Poland and acquire the necessary equipment to continue operations. We plan to purchase additional office equipment. We already have a desk, office chair, lamp, computer terminal, phone and internet, but we do need and will purchase 3 more computers, 3 more desks, 3 more lamps, 3 more chairs, 3 more phones, 1 computer modem with 1 splitter (multi-connector), 1 fast printer and 1 paper binder (to make brochures). Our sole officer and director, Olaf Robak will take care of our initial administrative duties. We believe that it will cost at least $4,000 to set up office and obtain the necessary equipment and stationery to continue operations.         Develop Our Website       Time Frame: 4 th - 6 th  months.      Material costs: $5,500       During this period, we intend to begin developing our website. Our sole officer and director, Olaf Robak will be in charge of registering our web domain. As of the date of this prospectus we have not yet identified or registered any domain names for our website. Once we register our web domain, we plan to hire a web designer to help us with the design and develop our website. We do not have any written agreements with any web designers at current time. The website development costs, including site design and implementation will be approximately $5,500. Updating and improving our website will continue throughout the lifetime of our operations, as revenues allow.      Marketing     Time Frame: 6 th - 12 th  months.      Material costs: $7,000       Once our website is operational, we will begin to market our products. We will develop our client base by focusing our marketing efforts on office chair products distributors. Our geographical market we first intend to distribute our products is United States. We will compete with other distributors and manufactures for positioning of our products in retail space. We intend to use marketing strategies, such as web advertisements, direct mailing, and phone calls to acquire potential customers. We also plan to attend trade shows in our industry to showcase our product with a view to find new customers. We believe that we should begin to see results from our marketing campaign within 120 days from its initiation. We also will use internet promotion tools on Facebook and Twitter to advertise our products and company. We intend to spend from $7,000 on marketing efforts during the first year. Marketing is an ongoing matter that will continue during the life of our operations.        Negotiate agreements with potential customers       Time Frame: 6 th - 12 th  months.      No material costs   .      When our website is operational, we plan to contact and start negotiation with more potential customers. We plan to enter into distribution and supply agreements with office chair products distributors . We will negotiate terms and conditions of collaboration. This activity will be ongoing throughout our operations. Even if we are able to obtain sufficient number of agreements at the end of the twelve month period, there is no guarantee that we will be able to attract and more importantly retain enough customers to justify our expenditures. If we are unable to generate a significant amount of revenue and to successfully protect ourselves against those risks, then it would materially affect our financial condition and our business could be harmed.            We estimate our annual expenses for maintaining or reporting status with the SEC will be $10,000 - $15,000.     Olaf Robak, our president will be devoting approximately twenty hours per week to our operations. Mr. Robak has agreed to work with no compensation during our development stage. If revenue supports that expense Mr. Robak may be compensated for his services in the future but there is currently no agreement in place to do so. Once we expand operations, and are able to attract more and more customers to buy our products, Mr. Robak has agreed to commit more time as required. Because Mr. Robak will only be devoting limited time to our operations, our operations may be sporadic and occur at times which are convenient to him. As a result, operations may be periodically interrupted or suspended which could result in a lack of revenues and a cessation of operations       Liquidity and Capital Resources       At August 31, 2016 the Company had $342 in cash and there were outstanding liabilities of $750. Our director has agreed, verbally, to continue to loan the company funds for operating expenses in a limited scenario, but he has no legal obligation to do so.        Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements       We do not have any off-balance sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial condition, changes in financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources that is material to investors.      ITEM 4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES.        Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures       Management maintains  disclosure controls and procedures,  as such term is defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the  Exchange Act ), that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our Exchange Act reports is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.     In connection with the preparation of this quarterly report on Form 10-Q, an evaluation was carried out by management, with the participation of the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) as of August 31, 2016.     Based on that evaluation, management concluded, as of the end of the period covered by this report, that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective in recording, processing, summarizing, and reporting information required to be disclosed, within the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission s rules and forms.       Changes in Internal Controls over Financial Reporting       As of the end of the period covered by this report, there have been no changes in the internal controls over financial reporting during the quarter ended August 31, 2016, that materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting subsequent to the date of management s last evaluation.             PART II. OTHER INFORMATION       ITEM 6. EXHIBITS.      The following exhibits are included with this quarterly filing. Those marked with an asterisk and required to be filed hereunder, are incorporated by reference and can be found in their entirety in our Registration Statement on Form S-1, filed under SEC File Number 333-207383, at the SEC website at  www.sec.gov :                    SIGNATURES       Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.                      Asset Solutions Inc.    Registrant                     Date: October 6, 2016  By:    /s/ Olaf Robak                   Olaf Robak               (Principal Executive Officer, Principal Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer   Sole Director)                      

<EX-31.1>
 2
 asset_ex311.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
   asset_ex311.htm      EXHIBIT 31.1       CERTIFICATION      I, Olaf Robak, certify that:              1.    I have reviewed this report on Form 10-Q.                 2.    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;                  3.    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;                  4.    The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:                       a)     Designed such disclosure controls and procedures or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;                       b)     Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;                       c)     Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and                       d)     Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and                  5.    The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):                       a)     All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and                       b)     Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.                    Date: October 6, 2016  By:   /s/ Olaf Robak                 Olaf Robak             Chief Executive Officer            

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 asset_ex312.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
   asset_ex312.htm      EXHIBIT 31.2       CERTIFICATION      I, Olaf Robak, certify that:             1.    I have reviewed this report on Form 10-Q.                  2.    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;                  3.    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;                  4.    The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:                       a)     Designed such disclosure controls and procedures or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;                       b)     Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;                       c)     Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and                       d)     Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and                  5.    The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):                       a)     All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and                       b)     Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.                    Date: October 6, 2016  By:   /s/ Olaf Robak                 Olaf Robak             Chief Financial Officer            

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 asset_ex321.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
   asset_ex321.htm      EXHIBIT 32.1       CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER    PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,    AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO     SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002      In connection with the Quarterly Report of Asset Solutions Inc. (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the period ending August 31, 2016 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Olaf Robak, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.  1350, as adopted pursuant to  906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that:                 (1)  The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and                         (2)  The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations of the Company.         IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has executed this certification as of the 6 th  day of October, 2016.                 By:   /s/ Olaf Robak                 Olaf Robak              Chief Executive Officer             

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 asset_ex322.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
   asset_ex322.htm      EXHIBIT 32.2    CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER    PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,    AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO     SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002      In connection with the Quarterly Report of Asset Solutions Inc. (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the period ending August 31, 2016 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Olaf Robak, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.  1350, as adopted pursuant to  906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that:                 (1)  The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and                         (2)  The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations of the Company.         IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has executed this certification as of the 6 th  day of October, 2016.                 By:    /s/ Olaf Robak                  Olaf Robak              Chief Financial Officer             

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 asset-20160831.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 asset-20160831.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 asset-20160831_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 asset-20160831_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 asset-20160831_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 asset-20160831_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

