<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161109_10-Q_edgar_data_748592_0001493152-16-014680_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>1846436</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>117558</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>132147</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>459060</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>598771</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>481558</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>42</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001493152-16-014680.hdr.sgml : 20161109
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161109172456
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-16-014680
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		44
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161109
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161109

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			NTN BUZZTIME INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000748592
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	TELEVISION BROADCASTING STATIONS [4833]
		IRS NUMBER:				311103425
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-11460
		FILM NUMBER:		161985246

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2231 RUTHERFORD ROAD
		CITY:			CARLSBAD
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92008
		BUSINESS PHONE:		7604387400

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2231 RUTHERFORD ROAD
		CITY:			CARLSBAD
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92008

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	NTN COMMUNICATIONS INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19920703

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	ALROY INDUSTRIES INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19850411

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001493152-16-014680.txt : 20161109

10-Q
 1
 form10-q.htm

UNITED
STATES   

   SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION   

   Washington,
D.C. 20549   

FORM
10-Q   

QUARTERLY
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934   

For
the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016   

Commission
file number 001-11460   

NTN
Buzztime, Inc.   

   (Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter)   

(760)
438-7400   

   (Registrant s
telephone number, including area code)   

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports),
and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. YES [X]   NO [  ]  

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate website, if any, every interactive
data file required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the
preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes [X]   No
[  ]  

Indicate
by check mark whether the Registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller
reporting company. See definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller
reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.  

Large
    accelerated filer  
      [  ]  
      Accelerated
    filer  
      [  ]   

Non-accelerated
    filer  
      [  ]
    (Do not check if a smaller reporting company)  
      Smaller
    reporting company  
      [X]   

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). YES [  ]  
NO [X]  

As
of November 8, 2016 the registrant had outstanding 2,260,668 shares of common stock, $.005 par value per share.  

NTN
BUZZTIME, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  

  FORM
10-Q  

  TABLE
OF CONTENTS  

Item   
         
       Page    
 
        PART
    I      

1.  
       Financial
    Statements   

Condensed
    Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2016 (unaudited) and December 31, 2015   
     3  

Condensed
    Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015
    (unaudited)   
      4   

Condensed
    Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 (unaudited)   
      5   

Notes
    to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (unaudited)   
      6   

2.  
       Management s
    Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations   
      12   

3.  
       Quantitative
    and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk   
      21   

4.  
       Controls
    and Procedures   
      21   

PART
    II     

1.  
       Legal
    Proceedings   
      21   

1A.  
       Risk
    Factors   
     21  

2.  
       Unregistered
    Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds   
     25  

3.  
       Defaults
    Upon Senior Securities   
      25   

4.  
       Mine
    Safety Disclosures   
      25   

5.  
       Other
    Information   
      25   

6.  
       Exhibits   
      25   

Signatures   
     27  

PART
I   

Item
1. Financial Statements .   

NTN
BUZZTIME, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES   

CONDENSED
CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS   

   (In
thousands, except par value amount)   

See
accompanying notes to unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements.  

NTN
BUZZTIME, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES   

CONDENSED
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS AND COMPREHENSIVE LOSS   

   (In
thousands, except per share amounts)   

   (unaudited)   

See
accompanying notes to unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements.  

NTN
BUZZTIME, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES   

CONDENSED
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS   

   (In
thousands)   

   (unaudited)   

See
accompanying notes to unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements.  

NTN
BUZZTIME, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES   

     NOTES
TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   

   (Unaudited)   

(1)     BASIS
OF PRESENTATION   

Description
of Business   

NTN
Buzztime, Inc. (the  Company ) delivers interactive entertainment and innovative dining technology to bars and restaurants
in North America. Customers license the Company s customizable solution to differentiate themselves via competitive fun
by offering guests trivia, card, sports and arcade games, nationwide competitions, and by offering self-service dining features
including dynamic menus, touchscreen ordering and secure payment. The Company s platform can improve operating efficiencies,
create connections among the players and venues and amplify guests  positive experiences. Built on an extended network platform,
the Company s interactive entertainment system has historically allowed multiple players to interact at the venue, and now
also enables competition between venues, referred to as massively multiplayer gaming. The Company s current platform, which
it refers to as Buzztime Entertainment On Demand, or BEOND, was first introduced as a pilot program in December 2012, was expanded
commercially during 2013, and the expansion was scaled during 2014. The Company continues to enhance its network architecture
and the BEOND tablet platform and player engagement paradigms. The Company also continues to support its legacy network product
line, which it refers to as Classic.  

The
Company currently generates revenue by charging subscription fees for its service to its network subscribers, by leasing equipment
(including tablets used in its BEOND tablet platform and the cases and charging trays for the tablets) to certain network subscribers,
by hosting live trivia events, and by selling advertising aired on in-venue screens and as part of customized games. In 2014,
the Company began offering pay-to-play premium content to certain customers, such as paid arcade. During the second quarter of
2015, the Company made a strategic change in its premium content model by making arcade available on both a free-to-consumer (in
exchange for an increased subscription fee) and pay-to-play basis. This change required the Company to delay the general availability
of pay-to-play arcade as it retooled its content, workflow and positioning. As a result, during 2015, the Company generated additional
subscription fee revenue from those venues offering free-to-consumer arcade. The Company began rolling out the new pay-to-play
arcade during the second quarter of 2016. At September 30, 2016, 2,848 venues in the U.S. and Canada subscribed to the Company s
interactive entertainment network, of which approximately 69% were using the BEOND tablet platform.  

The
Company was incorporated in Delaware in 1984 as Alroy Industries and changed its corporate name to NTN Communications, Inc. in
1985. The Company changed its name to NTN Buzztime, Inc. in 2005 to better reflect the growing role of the Buzztime consumer brand.  

Basis
of Accounting Presentation   

The
accompanying unaudited interim condensed financial statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally
accepted in the United States (GAAP) for interim financial statements and with the instructions to Form 10-Q and Article 8 of
Regulation S-X. Accordingly, they do not include all of the information and footnotes required by GAAP for complete financial
statements. In the opinion of management, the accompanying condensed consolidated financial statements include all adjustments
that are necessary, which are of a normal and recurring nature, for a fair presentation for the periods presented of the financial
position, results of operations and cash flows of the Company and its wholly-owned subsidiaries: IWN, Inc., IWN, L.P., Buzztime
Entertainment, Inc., NTN Wireless Communications, Inc., NTN Software Solutions, Inc., NTN Canada, Inc., and NTN Buzztime, Ltd.,
all of which, other than NTN Canada, Inc., are dormant subsidiaries. All significant intercompany transactions have been eliminated
in consolidation.  

These
condensed consolidated financial statements should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and notes
thereto contained in the Company s annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015. The accompanying
condensed balance sheet as of December 31, 2015 has been derived from the audited financial statements at that date but does not
include all of the information and footnotes required by GAAP for complete financial statements. The results of operations for
the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 are not necessarily indicative of the results to be anticipated for the entire
year ending December 31, 2016, or any other period.  

Reclassifications   

The
Company reclassified the condensed consolidated statement of cash flows for the nine months ended September 30, 2015 to conform
to the 2016 presentation. Reclassifications had no impact on net loss or cash flows.  

(2)     REVERSE/FORWARD
SPLIT OF COMMON STOCK   

At
the Company s annual meeting of stockholders held on June 3, 2016, the Company s stockholders approved an amendment
to the Company s restated certificate of incorporation to give effect to, first, a reverse split of the Company s
outstanding common stock at an exchange ratio of 1-for-100 and, then, immediately following such reverse split, a forward split
of its outstanding common stock at a ratio that is not less than 2-for-1 nor greater than 4-for-1, with the final ratio to be
selected by the Company s board of directors in its sole discretion. The board of directors set the final ratio of the forward
split at 2-for-1. The Company refers to the reverse split and to the forward split, together, as the  reverse/forward split.   

On
June 16, 2016 (the  Effective Date ), the Company filed with the Secretary of State of Delaware the amendment to its
restated certificate of incorporation to effect the reverse/forward split. The 1-100 reverse split was effective at 6:00 p.m.
Eastern Time on the Effective Date and the 2-for-1 forward split was effective at 6:01 p.m. Eastern Time on the Effective Date.
Any fractional share of common stock resulting from the forward split was rounded up to the nearest whole share. Any stockholder
who, as of immediately prior to 6:00 p.m. Eastern Time on the Effective Date, held fewer than 100 shares of the Company s
common stock in one account and, subsequent to the reverse split, would otherwise have been entitled to less than one full share
of common stock, received, instead of the fractional share, $0.12 in cash for each such share held in that account, which was
equal to the average of the closing price per share of the Company s common stock on the NYSE MKT over the five trading
days immediately before and including the Effective Date. As of immediately prior to the reverse split/forward split on the Effective
Date, the Company had 92,439,174 of common stock outstanding, and subsequent to the reverse/forward split, it had 1,848,597 shares
of common stock outstanding. Approximately $3,000 was paid to cashed-out stockholders who owned less than 100 shares immediately
prior to the reverse split on the Effective Date.  

The
number of shares of the Company s authorized common stock did not change in connection with the reverse/forward split. However,
upon the effectiveness of the reverse/forward split, the number of authorized shares of the Company s common stock that
were not issued or outstanding increased due to the reduction in the number of shares of its common stock issued and outstanding
as a result of the reverse/forward split.  

The
reverse/forward split did not affect the par value of a share of the Company s common stock, which remains at $0.005 per
share. As a result, the stated capital attributable to common stock on the Company s consolidated balance sheet has been
reduced proportionately based on the reverse/forward split exchange ratio, and the additional paid-in capital account was credited
with the amount by which the stated capital was reduced. Comparative financial statements have been retroactively adjusted. There
are no other accounting consequences arising from the reverse/forward split.  

As
provided for in the Company s equity incentive plans and outstanding warrant agreements, the number of shares subject to
the equity plans and warrant agreements along with any exercise prices of outstanding awards, were equitably and proportionately
adjusted. Additionally, the conversion rate for the Company s Series A convertible preferred stock was also equitably and
proportionately adjusted so that holders of the Series A convertible preferred stock would be entitled to receive, upon conversion,
the number of shares of the Company s common stock that such holders would have been entitled to receive immediately following
the reverse/forward split, had such shares of the Series A convertible preferred stock been converted into shares of the Company s
common stock immediately prior to the reserve/forward split.  

(3)     Basic
and Diluted Earnings Per Common Share   

The
Company computes basic and diluted earnings per common share in accordance with the provisions of Financial Accounting Standards
Board ( FASB ) Accounting Standards Codification ( ASC ) No. 260,  Earnings per Share . Basic earnings
per share excludes the dilutive effects of options, warrants and other convertible securities. Diluted earnings per share reflects
the potential dilution of securities that could share in the Company s earnings. The total number of shares of the Company s
common stock subject to options, warrants, and convertible preferred stock that were excluded from computing diluted net loss
per common share was approximately 455,000 and 430,000 shares (after taking into account the proportion adjustments as a result
of the reverse/forward split described in Note 2) as of September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, as their effect was anti-dilutive.  

(4)     STOCK-BASED
COMPENSATION   

All
amounts reported below have been proportionately adjusted as a result of the reverse/forward split discussed in Note 2, when applicable.  

The
Company s stock-based compensation plans include the NTN Buzztime, Inc. 2004 Performance Incentive Plan (the  2004
Plan ), the NTN Buzztime, Inc. Amended 2010 Performance Incentive Plan (the  Amended 2010 Plan ) and the NTN
Buzztime, Inc. 2014 Inducement Plan (the  2014 Plan ). The 2004 Plan expired in September 2009. From and after the
date it expired, no awards could be granted under that plan and all awards that had been granted under that plan before it expired
are governed by that plan until they are exercised or expire in accordance with that plan s terms. The Amended 2010 Plan
provides for the grant of up to 240,000 share-based awards and expires in February 2020. As of September 30, 2016, approximately
127,000 share-based awards were available to be issued under the Amended 2010 Plan. The 2014 Plan, which provides for the grant
of up to 85,000 share-based awards to a new employee as an inducement material to the new employee entering into employment with
the Company, was approved by the nominating and corporate governance/compensation committee of the Company s board of directors
(the  Committee ) in September 2014 in connection with the appointment of Ram Krishnan as the Company s Chief
Executive Officer. As of September 30, 2016, there were no share-based awards available to be granted under the 2014 Plan. The
Company s stock-based compensation plans are administered by the Committee, which selects persons to receive awards and
determines the number of shares subject to each award and the terms, conditions, performance measures, if any, and other provisions
of the award.  

The
Company records stock-based compensation in accordance with ASC No. 718 , Compensation   Stock Compensation  and ASC
No. 505-50,  Equity   Equity-Based Payments to Non-Employees.  The Company estimates the fair value of stock options
using the Black-Scholes option pricing model. The fair value of stock options granted is recognized as expense over the requisite
service period. Stock-based compensation expense for share-based payment awards to employees is recognized using the straight-line
single-option method. Stock-based compensation expense for share-based payment awards to non-employees is recorded at its fair
value on the grant date and is periodically re-measured as the underlying awards vest.  

The
Company uses the historical stock price volatility as an input to value its stock options under ASC No. 718. The expected term
of stock options represents the period of time options are expected to be outstanding and is based on observed historical exercise
patterns of the Company, which the Company believes are indicative of future exercise behavior. For the risk-free interest rate,
the Company uses the observed interest rates appropriate for the term of time options are expected to be outstanding. The dividend
yield assumption is based on the Company s history and expectation of dividend payouts.  

The
following weighted-average assumptions were used for stock option grants issued during the three months ended September 30, 2015
and the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 under the ASC No. 718 requirements. There were no stock option grants during
the three months ended September 30, 2016.  

ASC
No. 718 requires forfeitures to be estimated at the time of grant and revised if necessary in subsequent periods if actual forfeiture
rates differ from those estimates. Forfeitures were estimated based on historical activity for the Company. Stock-based compensation
expense for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 was $108,000 and $123,000, respectively, and $331,000 and $341,000
for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, and is expensed in selling, general and administrative expenses
and credited to additional paid-in-capital. The Company granted stock options to purchase approximately 200 shares of common stock
during the three months ended September 30, 2015 and stock options to purchase approximately 35,000 and 42,000 shares of common
stock during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. The Company did not grant any stock options during
the three months ended September 30, 2016.  

Stock
options issued under all of the Company s stock-based compensation plans may be exercised on a net-exercise arrangement,
where shares of common stock equal to the value of the amount of the exercise price of the stock options being exercised are withheld
as payment of the exercise price instead of cash. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, there were no stock
options exercised. There were also no stock options exercised during the three months ended September 30, 2015. For the nine months
ended September 30, 2015, approximately 1,600 shares of common stock were exercised under net-exercise arrangements, and approximately
1,200 shares of common stock were issued. Also during the nine months ended September 30, 2015, the Company received approximately
$1,000 in cash for the exercise of options to purchase approximately 40 shares of common stock. The total intrinsic value of all
options exercised during the nine months ended September 30, 2015 was approximately $7,000.  

(5)     DEBT   

Revolving
Line of Credit   

In
April 2015, the Company entered into a loan and security agreement (the  Original Loan Agreement ) with East West
Bank (the  Lender ), pursuant to which, the Company may request advances in an aggregate outstanding amount at any
time up to the lesser of (a) $7,500,000, which is referred to as the revolving line, or (b) an amount equal to its borrowing base,
in each case, less the aggregate outstanding principal amount of prior advances. So long as there is no event of default, the
Company may make a one-time request to increase the revolving line by up to $2,500,000, which the Lender may accept or decline.
In March 2016, the Company and the Lender entered into an amendment (the  Amendment ) to the Original Loan Agreement.
The Original Loan Agreement as amended by the Amendment is referred to as the  Amended Loan Agreement.  Under the
Amended Loan Agreement, through March 31, 2017, the Company may request advances in an aggregate outstanding amount at any time
up to the lesser of (a) the revolving line (or $7,500,000) or (b) the sum of $2,000,000 (which the Company refers to as the  sublimit )
plus the amount equal to the Company s borrowing base, in each case, less the aggregate outstanding principal amount of
prior advances. On March 31, 2017, the sublimit becomes zero. If the aggregate amount of advances as of March 31, 2017 exceeds
the lesser of the revolving line or the amount equal to the Company s borrowing base, then it must pay the Lender the amount
of such excess.  

Under
the Original Loan Agreement, the Company s borrowing base was, as of the date of determination, an amount equal to the product
of: (a) the average monthly recurring revenue for the immediately preceding three months; times (b) one plus the average churn
rate for the immediately preceding three months (not to exceed zero); times (c) 300%. The churn rate, with respect to any month,
is the quotient of the Company s monthly net revenue change calculated with respect to such month, divided by its monthly
revenue from subscriptions for the month. The manner in which the borrowing base is determined is unchanged under the Amendment,
except that the monthly recurring revenue is limited to all recurring subscription revenue attributable to software that the Company
sold or licensed and all recurring revenue relating to services it delivered and 50% of all revenue attributable to the Company s
 Stump  product line.  

In
addition, under the Amended Loan Agreement, the Company is required to meet a minimum adjusted earnings before interest, taxes,
depreciation and amortization ( Adjusted EBITDA ) target and churn rate targets, in each case, as specified in the
Amended Loan Agreement. Adjusted EBITDA is the sum (a) net profit (or loss), after provision for taxes, plus (b) interest expense,
plus (c) to the extent deducted in the calculation of net profit (or loss), depreciation expense and amortization expense, plus
(d) income tax expense, plus (e) non-cash stock compensation expenses, plus (f) other non-cash expenses and charges, plus (g)
to the extent approved by the Lender, other one-time charges, plus (h) to the extent approved by the Lender, any losses arising
from the sale, exchange, transfer or other disposition of assets not in the ordinary course of business. Under the Original Loan
Agreement, the Adjusted EBITDA target was measured as of the last day of each fiscal quarter with respect to the immediately prior
six-month period. Under the Amended Loan Agreement, the Adjusted EBITDA target is measured as of the last day of each fiscal quarter
with respect to the immediately prior three-month period. The churn rate targets, which were unchanged in the Amendment, are measured
on a monthly and trailing three-month basis. The Company met the Adjusted EBITDA and the trailing three-month churn rate targets
as of the quarters ended March 31, 2016, June 30, 2016 and September 30, 2016. The Company also met the churn rate targets on
a monthly basis during the quarter ended June 30, 2016 and September 30, 2016. During the quarter ended March 31, 2016, the Company
did not meet the monthly churn rate target for the month ended January 31, 2016, which constituted an event of default under the
Original Loan Agreement, however, the Lender waived that event of default.  

The
Amended Loan Agreement requires: (a) that the Company maintain a balance on deposit with the Lender equal to (i) on March 31,
2017, 100% of the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the advances at such time, and (ii) at all times after March 31, 2017,
an amount determined by the Lender based on the Company s 2017 financial projections; and (b) that the sum of the following
be not less than $2,000,000: (i) the aggregate amount of unrestricted cash that the Company holds in accounts maintained with
the Lender and (ii) the amount available to the Company under the Amended Loan Agreement.  

Under
the Amended Loan Agreement, all then-outstanding advances are due on December 31, 2017 (under the Original Loan Agreement, the
due date was April 14, 2018). On or before March 31, 2017, advances will bear interest, at the Company s option, at the
rate of either (A) a variable rate per annum equal to the prime rate as set forth in  The Wall Street Journal  plus 2.75%,
up from 1.25% under the original terms, or (B) at a fixed rate per annum equal to the LIBOR rate for the interest period for the
advance plus 5.50%, up from 4.00% under the original terms. After March 31, 2017, the interest rates will revert to their original
terms.  

As
of September 30, 2016, the Company requested and received advances in the aggregate of $6,500,000, all of which were advanced
at the LIBOR rate plus the applicable margin with a three-month interest period. Each time the interest period expired on these
advances, the Company elected to renew the advance at the LIBOR rate plus the applicable margin with a three-month interest period.
Prior to the Amendment, the interest rate on advances ranged from 4.313% to 4.688% per annum. The interest rate on advances since
the Amendment have ranged from 6.125% to 6.375% per annum. As of September 30, 2016, $6,500,000 remained outstanding under this
credit facility, of which, $2,000,000 is recorded in current portion of long-term debt on the accompanying consolidated balance
sheet. The Company had approximately $139,000 available to borrow as of September 30, 2016 based on its borrowing base calculated
as of that date. The Company used approximately $3,381,000 of the total amount borrowed under this credit facility to pay down
existing indebtedness that was owed to an equipment lender (see   Equipment Notes Payable,  below). Under the
Amended Loan Agreement, the amount that the Company may owe under its current credit facility with that equipment lender is not
limited to any specified amount, however, as discussed below, as of September 30, 2016, the Company has borrowed the maximum amount
available under that credit facility (see   Equipment Notes Payable,  below). In addition, with the Lender s
consent, the Company may incur additional indebtedness with other equipment lenders of up to $2,000,000 in the aggregate for equipment
financing.  

Pursuant
to the Amended Loan Agreement, the Company continues to grant and pledge to the Lender a first-priority security interest in all
the Company s existing and future personal property.  

The
Company has paid $37,500 to the Lender as a facility fee at the time of closing in April 2014 and approximately $8,000 for fees
associated with the Amendment. An additional facility fee (equal to the product of (x) 0.50% of the increase in the revolving
line times (y) the quotient of the number of days remaining between the effective date of such increase and December 31, 2017,
divided by 1,095) will be due if the revolving line is increased pursuant to the Company s request. The Company also pays
an unused line fee equal to 0.50% per year of the difference between the amount of the revolving line as in effect from time to
time and the average monthly balance in each month, which is payable monthly in arrears. The average monthly balance is calculated
by adding the ending outstanding balance under the revolving line for each day in the month divided by the number of days in the
month.  

Equipment
Notes Payable   

In
May 2013, the Company entered into a financing arrangement with a lender under which the Company may borrow funds to purchase
certain equipment. Initially, the maximum amount the Company could borrow under this financing arrangement was $500,000. Over
time, the lender increased that maximum amount, and as of September 30, 2016, the maximum amount was $9,302,000, all of which
has been borrowed.  

In
April 2015, the Company used approximately $3,381,000 of the proceeds received from the East West Bank credit facility to pay
down a portion of the principal amount the Company had borrowed under this financing arrangement, accrued interest and a prepayment
fee. As of September 30, 2016, approximately $1,485,000 of principal remained outstanding under this financing arrangement, of
which, $917,000 is recorded in current portion of long-term debt on the accompanying consolidated balance sheet.  

The
Company was able to borrow up to the maximum amount available under this financing arrangement in tranches as needed. Each tranche
borrowed through August 2015 incurred interest at 8.32% per annum; the interest for tranches borrowed thereafter was reduced to
7.75% per annum. With respect to the first $1,000,000 in the aggregate borrowed, principal and interest payments are due in 36
equal monthly installments. With respect to amounts borrowed in excess of the first $1,000,000 in the aggregate, the first monthly
payment will be equal to 24% of the principal amount outstanding, and the remaining principal and interest due is payable in 35
equal monthly installments. The Company granted the lender a first security interest in the equipment purchased with the funds
borrowed. As a result of the Amended Loan Agreement with East West Bank, this equipment lender entered into a subordination agreement
with East West Bank.  

(6)     ACCUMULATED
OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME   

The
United States dollar is the Company s functional currency, except for its operations in Canada where the functional currency
is the Canadian dollar. The financial position and results of operations of the Company s foreign subsidiaries are measured
using the foreign subsidiary s local currency as the functional currency. In accordance with ASC No. 830,  Foreign Currency
Matters , revenues and expenses of the Company s foreign subsidiaries have been translated into U.S. dollars at weighted
average exchange rates prevailing during the period, and the assets and liabilities of such subsidiaries have been translated
at the period end exchange rate. Accumulated other comprehensive income includes the accumulated gains or losses from these foreign
currency translation adjustments. As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, $262,000 and $172,000 of foreign currency translation
adjustments were recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income, respectively.  

(7)     RECENT
ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS   

Management
has considered all recent accounting pronouncements issued since the last audit of the Company s consolidated financial
statements, and believes that these recent pronouncements will not have a material effect on the Company s consolidated
financial statements.  

(8)     CONCENTRATIONS
OF RISK   

Significant
Customer   

For
the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, the Company generated approximately $2,047,000 and $2,708,000, respectively,
of total revenue from Buffalo Wild Wings corporate-owned restaurants and its franchisees, which represented approximately 38%
and 45% of total revenue for those periods, respectively. For the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, the Company generated
approximately $6,512,000 and $8,008,000, respectively, of total revenue from Buffalo Wild Wings corporate-owned restaurants and
its franchisees, which represented approximately 40% and 44% of total revenue for those periods, respectively. As of September
30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, approximately $181,000 and $172,000, respectively, was included in accounts receivable from Buffalo
Wild Wings corporate-owned restaurants and its franchisees.  

(9)     SUBSEQUENT
EVENT   

On
November 1, 2016, the Company entered into a subscription agreement with certain investors relating to the issuance and sale of
shares of the Company s common stock at a purchase price of $6.64 per share, which was the closing price of its common stock
on October 31, 2016. The offering closed on November 4, 2016. The Company sold 412,071 shares of its common stock and received
net proceeds of approximately $2.7 million, after deducting estimated offering expenses.  

The
Company intends to use the net proceeds of the offering for general corporate purposes, which may include working capital, general
and administrative expenses, capital expenditures and implementation of its strategic priorities.  

The
terms of the offering were approved by a committee of the Company s board of directors comprised solely of independent directors,
none of whom invested in the offering. The Company s board of directors gave that committee the power and authority to direct
the process and procedures related to the review and evaluation of possible offerings, including the authority to determine not
to proceed with any particular offering, to review, evaluate and negotiate, or designate officers of the Company to review, evaluate
and negotiate, the terms of one or more offerings, and to authorize and approve one or more offerings and its terms. The investors
in the offering included certain existing stockholders and the Company s chief executive officer, chief financial officer
and senior vice president marketing, Ram Krishnan, Allen Wolff and Dave Miller, respectively.  

The
shares were offered and sold pursuant to the Company s effective shelf registration statement on Form S-3 (Registration
Statement No. 333-193012) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on December 20, 2013 and declared effective by the
SEC on January 9, 2014, and the base prospectus included therein, as supplemented by a prospectus supplement filed with the SEC
in connection with the takedown relating to the offering.  

Item
2.       Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations .   

CAUTION
CONCERNING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS   

This
report and the documents incorporated herein by reference, if any, contain  forward-looking statements    that
is statements related to future events, results, performance, prospects and opportunities, including statements related to our
strategic plans and targets, revenue generation, product availability and offerings, capital needs, capital expenditures, industry
trends and our financial position. Forward-looking statements are based on information currently available to us, on our current
expectations, estimates, forecasts, and projections about the industries in which we operate and on the beliefs and assumptions
of management. Forward looking statements often contain words such as  expects,   anticipates,   could, 
 targets,   projects,   intends,   plans,   believes,   seeks, 
 estimates,   may,   will,   would,  and similar expressions. In addition, any
statements that refer to projections of our future financial performance, our anticipated growth and trends in our business, and
other characterizations of future events or circumstances, are forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements by their
nature address matters that are, to different degrees, subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ
materially and adversely from those expressed in any forward-looking statements. For us, particular factors that might cause or
contribute to such differences include (1) our ability to compete effectively within the highly competitive interactive games,
entertainment and marketing services industries, (2) the impact of new products and technological change, especially in the mobile
and wireless markets, on our operations and competitiveness, (3) our ability to maintain or improve our relationship with Buffalo
Wild Wings, who together with its franchisees accounted for a significant portion of our revenues, (4) our ability to maintain
an adequate supply of the tablet and related equipment used in our BEOND product line, (5) our ability to adequately protect our
proprietary rights and intellectual property, (6) our ability to raise additional funds in the future on favorable terms; we have
borrowed substantially all amounts available to us under existing credit facilities and, subject to limited exceptions, our loan
and security agreement with East West Bank prohibits us from borrowing additional amounts from other lenders, (7) our ability
to significantly grow our subscription revenue and implement our other business strategies, (8) our ability to successfully and
efficiently manage the design, manufacturing and assembly process of our BEOND tablet platform and (9) the other risks and uncertainties
described in Part I, Item 1A  Risk Factors  of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31,
2015, and described in other documents we file from time to time with the Securities and Exchange Commission, or SEC, including
this report and our other Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q. Readers are urged not to place undue reliance on the forward-looking
statements contained in this report or incorporated by reference herein, which speak only as of the date of this report. Except
as required by law, we do not undertake any obligation to revise or update any such forward-looking statement to reflect future
events or circumstances.   

You
should read the following discussion of our financial condition and results of operations in conjunction with the consolidated
financial statements and the notes to those statements included elsewhere in this report.   

INTRODUCTION   

Management s
discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations is provided as a supplement to the accompanying unaudited
condensed consolidated financial statements and notes, included in Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, to help provide
an understanding of our financial condition, the changes in our financial condition and our results of operations. Our discussion
is organized as follows:  

Overview
    and Highlights . This section provides a general description of our business and significant events and transactions that
    we believe are important in understanding our financial condition and results of operations.   

Critical
    Accounting Policies . This section provides a listing of our significant accounting policies, including any material changes
    in our critical accounting policies, estimates and judgments during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 from
    those described in the  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
    section of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015.   

Results
    of Operations . This section provides an analysis of our results of operations presented in the accompanying unaudited
    condensed consolidated statements of operations by comparing the results for the three and nine months ended September 30,
    2016 to the results for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015.   

Liquidity
    and Capital Resources . This section provides an analysis of our historical cash flows, as well as our future capital requirements.   

OVERVIEW
AND HIGHLIGHTS   

About
Our Business and How We Talk About It    

We
deliver interactive entertainment and innovative dining technology to bars and restaurants in North America. Our customers license
our customizable solution to differentiate themselves via competitive fun by offering guests trivia, card, sports and arcade games,
nationwide competitions, and by offering self-service dining features including dynamic menus, touchscreen ordering and secure
payment. Our platform can improve operating efficiencies, create connections among the players and venues and amplify guests 
positive experiences. Built on an extended network platform, our interactive entertainment system has historically allowed multiple
players to interact at the venue, and now also enables competition between venues, referred to as massively multiplayer gaming.
Our current tablet platform, which we refer to as Buzztime Entertainment On Demand, or BEOND, was first introduced as a pilot
program in December 2012, was expanded commercially during 2013, and the expansion was scaled during 2014. We continue to enhance
our network architecture and the BEOND tablet platform and player engagement paradigms. We also continue to support our legacy
network product line, which we refer to as Classic.  

We
currently generate revenue by charging subscription fees for our service to our network subscribers, by leasing equipment (including
tablets used in our BEOND tablet platform and the cases and charging trays for the tablets) to certain network subscribers, by
hosting live trivia events, and by selling advertising aired on in-venue screens and as part of customized games. In 2014, we
began offering pay-to-play premium content to certain customers, such as paid arcade. During the second quarter of 2015, we made
a strategic change in our premium content model by making arcade available on both a free-to-consumer (in exchange for an increased
subscription fee) and pay-to-play basis. This change required us to delay the general availability of pay-to-play arcade as we
retooled its content, workflow and positioning. As a result, during 2015, we generated additional subscription fee revenue from
those venues offering free-to-consumer arcade. We began rolling out the new pay-to-play arcade during the second quarter of 2016.  

Over
115 million games were played on our network during 2015, and as of September 30, 2016, approximately 50% of our network subscriber
venues are affiliated with national and regional restaurant brands, including Buffalo Wild Wings, Old Chicago, Beef O Brady s,
Buffalo Wings   Rings, Native New Yorker, Houlihans, Boston Pizza, and Arooga s.  

We
own several trademarks and consider the Buzztime , Playmaker , Mobile Playmaker, BEOND Powered by Buzztime and Play Along
trademarks to be among our most valuable assets. These and our other registered and unregistered trademarks used in this document
are our property. Other trademarks are the property of their respective owners.  

Unless
otherwise indicated, references in this report: (a) to  Buzztime,   NTN,   we,   us 
and  our  refer to NTN Buzztime, Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries; (b) to  network subscribers 
or  customers  refer to hospitality venues that subscribe to our network service; (c) to  consumers  or
 players  refer to the individuals that engage in our games, events, and entertainment experiences available at our
customers  venues and (d) to  venues  or  sites  refer to locations (such as a bar or restaurant)
of our customers at which our games, events, and entertainment experiences are available to consumers.  

Recent
Developments   

Registered
Direct Offering   

On
November 1, 2016, we entered into a subscription agreement with certain investors for the sale of shares of our common stock at
a purchase price of $6.64 per share, which was the closing price of our common stock on October 31, 2016. The offering closed
on November 4, 2016. We sold 412,071 shares of our common stock and received net proceeds of approximately $2.7 million, after
deducting estimated offering expenses.  

We
intend to use the net proceeds of the offering for general corporate purposes, which may include working capital, general and
administrative expenses, capital expenditures and implementation of our strategic priorities.  

The
terms of the offering were approved by a committee of our board of directors comprised solely of independent directors, none of
whom invested in the offering. Our board of directors gave that committee the power and authority to direct the process and procedures
related to the review and evaluation of possible offerings, including the authority to determine not to proceed with any particular
offering, to review, evaluate and negotiate, or designate our officers to review, evaluate and negotiate, the terms of one or
more offerings, and to authorize and approve one or more offerings and its terms.  The investors in the offering included
certain existing stockholders and our chief executive officer, chief financial officer and senior vice president marketing, Ram
Krishnan, Allen Wolff and Dave Miller, respectively. 

The
shares were offered and sold pursuant to our effective shelf registration statement on Form S-3 (Registration Statement No. 333-193012)
filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on December 20, 2013 and declared effective by the SEC on January 9, 2014, and
the base prospectus included therein, as supplemented by a prospectus supplement filed with the SEC in connection with the takedown
relating to the offering.  

Reverse/forward
split of our common stock   

At
our annual meeting of stockholders held on June 3, 2016, our stockholders approved an amendment to our restated certificate of
incorporation to give effect to, first, a reverse split of our outstanding common stock at an exchange ratio of 1-for-100 and,
then, immediately following such reverse split, a forward split of our outstanding common stock at a ratio that is not less than
2-for-1 nor greater than 4-for-1, with the final ratio to be selected by our board of directors in its sole discretion. Our board
of directors set the final ratio of the forward split at 2-for-1. We refer to the reverse split and to the forward split, together,
as the  reverse/forward split.   

On
June 16, 2016 (the  Effective Date ), we filed with the Secretary of State of Delaware the amendment to our restated
certificate of incorporation to effect the reverse/forward split. The 1-100 reverse split was effective at 6:00 p.m. Eastern Time
on the Effective Date and the 2-for-1 forward split was effective at 6:01 p.m. Eastern Time on the Effective Date. Any fractional
share of common stock resulting from the forward split was rounded up to the nearest whole share. Any stockholder who, as of immediately
prior to 6:00 p.m. Eastern Time on the Effective Date, held fewer than 100 shares of our common stock in one account and, subsequent
to the reverse split, would otherwise have been entitled to less than one full share of our common stock, received, instead of
the fractional share, $0.12 in cash for each such share held in that account, which was equal to the average of the closing price
per share of our common stock on the NYSE MKT over the five trading days immediately before and including the Effective Date.
As of immediately prior to the reverse split/forward split on the Effective Date, we had 92,439,174 of common stock outstanding,
and subsequent to the reverse/forward split, we had 1,848,597 shares of common stock outstanding. Approximately $3,000 was paid
to cashed-out stockholders who owned less than 100 shares immediately prior to the reverse split on the Effective Date.  

Notice
of non-compliance with NYSE MKT continued listing standard   

As
previously reported, in November 2015, we received a letter from the NYSE Regulation Inc. stating that we are not in compliance
with Section 1003(a)(iii) of the NYSE MKT Company Guide because we reported stockholders  equity of less than $6 million
as of September 30, 2015 and had net losses in five of our most recent fiscal years ended December 31, 2014. In December 2015,
we submitted a plan to NYSE Regulation advising of actions we have taken or will take to regain compliance with Section 1003(a)(iii)
by May 13, 2017. In January 2016, NYSE Regulation notified us that it has accepted our plan and granted us a plan period that
extends through May 13, 2017 to regain compliance with Section 1003(a)(iii).  

In
April 2016, as previously reported, we received a second letter from NYSE Regulation stating that we are not in compliance with
Section 1003(a)(ii) of the Company Guide because we reported stockholders  equity of less than $4 million as of December
31, 2015 and had net losses in three of our four most recent fiscal years ended December 31, 2015. As a result, we continue to
be subject to the procedures and requirements of Section 1009 of the Company Guide. Because this instance of noncompliance is
in addition to our noncompliance with Section 1003(a)(iii) of the Company Guide discussed above, we were not required to submit
a new compliance plan.  

Under
Section 1003(a)(i) of the Company Guide, the NYSE MKT will normally consider suspending dealings in, or removing from the list,
securities of an issuer which has stockholders  equity of less than $2 million if such issuer has sustained losses from
continuing operations and/or net losses in two of its three most recent fiscal years. We had net losses in two of our three most
recent fiscal years ended December 31, 2015. Our stockholders  equity at September 30, 2016 was less than $2,000,000, and
accordingly, we were below compliance with Section 1003(a)(i), as well. As of November 10, 2016, we have not received a letter
from the NYSE Regulation regarding non-compliance with Section 1003(a)(i). As was the case when we fell out of compliance with
Section 1003(a)(ii), we expect to receive such a letter, however, because this instance of noncompliance is in addition to our
noncompliance with Section 1003(a)(iii) and Section 1003(a)(ii), we do not expect to be required to submit a new compliance plan.  

The
listing of our common stock on the NYSE MKT is being continued during the plan period pursuant to an extension. The NYSE Regulation
staff reviews us periodically for compliance with initiatives outlined in our plan. If we are not in compliance with the listing
requirements with which we are currently not in compliance by May 13, 2017 or if we do not make progress consistent with our plan
during the plan period, NYSE Regulation staff will initiate delisting proceedings as appropriate. We have continued to make progress
consistent with our plan during the plan period. Raising capital in the offering discussed above is consistent with the initiatives
outlined in our plan to regain compliance, however, the amount raised in that offering did not increase our stockholders 
equity to the amount required to regain compliance with all of the listing requirements in Section 1003(a). Our Stockholders 
equity at September 30, 2016 was approximately $1.8 million; we raised approximately $2.7 million in the offering. We are continuing
to explore options to address our non-compliance, including by raising additional capital through additional equity financings.  

Our
Strategy and Current Highlights   

Below
is a discussion of our strategy and highlights of current accomplishments and milestones achieved during 2016:  

Scale
digital menu and payment functionality.  We are heavily focused on delivering digital menu and payment functionality on the
tablet platform, which we believe will improve the operational and marketing value of our product offering. After ensuring our
tablet met the Payment Card Industry, or PCI, compliance standards applicable to our platform, we launched a digital menu and
payment functionality pilot test at Buffalo Wild Wings at 15 sites, which was completed on October 2, 2016. With the pilot over,
we are now in discussions on next steps with Buffalo Wild Wings regarding our relationship. We and the other market test solution
have submitted initial proposals to Buffalo Wild Wings and we expect a decision from Buffalo Wild Wings by early January 2017.
A successful pilot will help us deliver an enhanced guest experience and provide a national reference for other chain customers
in our sales pipeline that are also looking for this same functionality.  

Also
during the second quarter, we launched Buffalo Wild Wing s Fastbreak Lunch program in over 900 of its locations. The Fastbreak
Lunch program is a digital timer application on our tablet to visualize the speed of service, and since its launch, lunchtime
tablet usage has increased approximately 30%. This promotion not only improves the guest experience by providing quick turn-around
times on delivering select menu items in under 15 minutes, but it also provides for a free lunch if those items are not delivered
in the allotted time. In addition, Buffalo Wild Wings can leverage this promotion to gain important insight and data to make real-time
and longer-term improvements to service and the guest experience.  

Improve
value and price for our  independent  customers.  We are focused on increasing the value of our offering by improving
game content and reducing the BEOND tablet platform cost to attract and retain quality independent customers. We entered into
a promotional partnership centered around our game content with the Washington Redskins, and our work with other partnerships,
such as FanDuel and Fandango, continue to evolve. Each of these partnerships are each tied to driving guest traffic at our customer s
venues, increasing the guest community and improving loyalty.  

With
respect to price, we continued to make progress on our hardware design and quality in order to reduce expense and to give us the
ability to offer flexibility in our pricing for quality independent customers.  

Refine
our commercial execution.  We are focused on increasing our site count of both independent customers and chain customers. Receiving
a reference from a national chain account, such as Buffalo Wild Wings, is critical to our chain efforts, and our progress with
Buffalo Wild Wings is critical to receiving that reference. For our independent customers, we continue to model and test our go-to-market
efforts by improving our sales processes, technology and people. Additionally, we have begun working with a distribution partner,
Digital Dining. who sells primarily to hospitality venues through a dealer network. This is the first time we have embarked on
an indirect sales channel.  

CRITICAL
ACCOUNTING POLICIES   

The
discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations are based on our consolidated financial statements,
which have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States (GAAP). The preparation
of these financial statements requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities,
revenues and expenses, and related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. On an ongoing basis, we evaluate our estimates,
including those related to deferred costs and revenues, depreciation of fixed assets, the provision for income taxes including
the valuation allowance, stock-based compensation, bad debts, investments, impairment of software development costs, goodwill,
fixed assets, intangible assets and contingencies, including the reserve for sales tax inquiries. We base our estimates on historical
experience and on various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form
the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources.
Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. Critical accounting policies and estimates
are defined as those that are both most important to the portrayal of our financial condition and results and require management s
most subjective judgments.  

There
have been no material changes in our critical accounting policies, estimates and judgments during the three and nine months ended
September 30, 2016 from those described in the  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results
of Operations  section of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015.  

RESULTS
OF OPERATIONS   

Three
and nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015    

We
generated a net loss of $573,000 and $2,464,000 for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively, compared
to a net loss of $1,348,000 and $6,236,000 for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, respectively.  

Revenue    

The
tables below summarize the type of revenue we generated for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015:  

Subscription
revenue increased for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 primarily due to a higher average revenue per site (which
we refer to as ARPU), offset by lower average site count when compared to the same periods in 2015. During the three and nine
months ended September 30, 2016, equipment lease revenue recognized under sales-type lease arrangements decreased due to fewer
installations of our BEOND platform for certain customers under sales-type lease arrangements when compared to the same periods
in 2015. Equipment lease revenue (which has lower margins due to the cost we incur to purchase the equipment that we lease) is
recognized when we lease BEOND equipment. The equipment lease revenue is a one-time payment that covers the lease of the equipment
for three-years, after which the lessee may purchase the equipment for a nominal fee or lease new equipment. We expect the amount
of equipment lease revenue to continue to decrease because a substantial number of the customers to whom we offer the sales-type
lease arrangements have already converted from our legacy product line to the BEOND tablet platform. Other revenue increased for
the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 due primarily to an increase in advertising and other miscellaneous revenue,
offset by a decrease in our revenue from pay-to-play arcade, which we began redeploying during the second quarter of 2016.  

At
September 30, 2016, we had 2,848 network subscribers, compared to 2,952 at September 30, 2015. The geographic breakdown of our
network subscribers is as follows:  

We
continue to anticipate site count to fluctuate quarter-to-quarter as there are many factors affecting overall growth, including
attrition on the Classic platform, shorter contract terms in the independent market and the negative impact of the hardware used
in our second generation tablet platform.  

Direct
Costs and Gross Margin    

A
comparison of direct costs and gross margin for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 is shown in the table
below:  

Direct
costs decreased 45% and 39% for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively, primarily due to decreased equipment
expense of $1,477,000 and $3,593,000 for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively, as a result of fewer
installations of our BEOND platform for certain customers under sales-type lease arrangements, a reduction in the cost of the
BEOND platform equipment and reduced scrap and repair expense when compared to the same periods in 2015.  

During
2015, due to our design and manufacturing process problems with the second generation tablet platform, we re-evaluated the strategy
of managing the manufacture, design and supply chain in-house. Also during 2015, and as part of our re-evaluation, we outsourced
the supply-chain management and manufacturing of certain equipment related to our third generation BEOND tablet platform. The
primary reasons for doing so were to reduce costs and exposure to repair and maintenance expense related to, and to increase the
long-term stability of the quality of, such equipment. In the fourth quarter of 2015, we began deploying the third generation
platform, and during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, we are recognizing a direct positive impact to our gross
margins.  

We
may continue to experience challenges with our tablet platform equipment, and as a result, we may be required to recognize additional
scrap and repair expense in the future.  

Operating
Expenses    

Selling,
General and Administrative Expenses   

The
decrease in selling, general and administrative expenses for the three months ended September 30, 2016 was primarily due to lower
headcount when compared to the same period in 2015, resulting in an approximately $243,000 decrease in payroll and related expenses.
This decrease was offset by increased marketing expenses of $94,000 and increased bad debt expense of $57,000 when compared to
the same period in 2015. For the nine months ended September 30, 2016, the decrease in selling, general and administrative expenses
when compared to the same period in 2015 was due primarily to lower headcount when compared to the same period in 2015, resulting
in a $1,634,000 reduction in payroll and related expenses, and to a lesser extent to decreased marketing expenses of approximately
$285,000. These decreases were offset by increased hardware and software expenses of $166,000 when compared to the same period
in 2015.  

Impairment
of Capitalized software   

Impairment
of capitalized software for the nine months ended September 30, 2015 was the result of abandoning certain capitalized software
development projects that we concluded were no longer a current strategic fit or for which we determined that the marketability
of the content had decreased due to obtaining additional information regarding the specific purpose for which the content was
intended.  

Depreciation
and Amortization Expense   

The
decrease in depreciation and amortization expense for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same
periods in 2015 is primarily due to assets becoming fully depreciated or amortized sooner than we are replenishing with new assets.  

Other
Expense, Net    

The
increase in total other expense, net for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same period in 2015
is primarily due to increased interest expense as a result of an increased amount of outstanding debt as well as changes in foreign
currency exchange gains and losses related to the operations of our Canadian subsidiary.  

Income
Taxes    

We
expect to incur state income tax liability in 2016 related to our U.S. operations. We also expect to pay income taxes in Canada
due to profitability of our Canadian subsidiary. We have established a full valuation allowance for substantially all deferred
tax assets, including our net operating loss carryforwards, since we could not conclude that we were more likely than not able
to generate future taxable income to realize these assets.  

Non-GAAP
Financial Measure - EBITDA Consolidated Operations    

Earnings
before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization, or EBITDA, is not intended to represent a measure of performance in accordance
with GAAP. Nor should EBITDA be considered as an alternative to statements of cash flows as a measure of liquidity. EBITDA is
included herein because we believe it is a measure of operating performance that financial analysts, lenders, investors and other
interested parties find to be a useful tool for analyzing companies like us that carry significant levels of non-cash depreciation
and amortization charges in comparison to their net income or loss calculation in accordance with GAAP.  

The
reconciliation of our consolidated net loss calculated in accordance with GAAP to EBITDA for the three and nine months ended September
30, 2016 and 2015 is shown in the table below. EBITDA should not be considered as substitutes for, or superior to, net loss calculated
in accordance with GAAP.  

LIQUIDITY
AND CAPITAL RESOURCES   

As
of September 30, 2016, we had cash and cash equivalents of $3,016,000 compared to cash and cash equivalents of $3,223,000 as of
December 31, 2015.  

On
November 1, 2016, we entered into a subscription agreement with certain investors relating to sale of shares of our common stock
at a purchase price of $6.64 per share, which was the closing price of our common stock on October 31, 2016. The offering closed
on November 4, 2016. We sold 412,071 shares of our common stock and received net proceeds of approximately $2.7 million, after
deducting estimated offering expenses. We intend to use the net proceeds of the offering for general corporate purposes, which
may include working capital, general and administrative expenses, capital expenditures and implementation of our strategic priorities.  

We
believe our existing cash and cash equivalents, including the proceeds we received from the offering that closed on November 4,
2016, and the availability on our East West Bank credit facility will be sufficient to meet our operating cash requirements and
to fulfill our debt obligations for at least the next twelve months. In order to increase the likelihood that we will be able
to successfully execute our operating and strategic plan and to position the company to better take advantage of market opportunities
for growth, we are continuing to evaluate additional financing alternatives, including additional equity financings. If our cash
and cash equivalents are not sufficient to meet future cash requirements, we may be required to reduce planned capital expenses,
reduce operational cash uses or raise capital on terms that are not as favorable to us as they otherwise might be. Any actions
we may undertake to reduce planned capital purchases or reduce expenses may be insufficient to cover shortfalls in available funds.
If we require additional capital, we may be unable to secure additional financing on terms that are acceptable to us, or at all.  

Working
Capital   

As
of September 30, 2016, we had working capital (current assets in excess of current liabilities) of $1,201,000 compared to working
capital of $3,988,000 as of December 31, 2015. The following table shows the change in our working capital from December 31, 2015
to September 30, 2016.  

Cash
Flows   

Cash
flows from operating, investing and financing activities, as reflected in the accompanying consolidated statements of cash flows,
are summarized as follows:  

Net
cash used in operating activities.  The $2,195,000 reduction in cash used in operating activities was due to a decrease in
net loss of $2,923,000, after giving effect to adjustments made for non-cash transactions, offset by a decrease in cash provided
by operating assets and liabilities of $728,000 during the nine months ended September, 2016 compared to the same period in 2015,
primarily related to a large past-due receivable payment being received in the first quarter of 2015.  

Our
inventory levels of site equipment to be installed decreased to $2,912,000 as of September 30, 2016, from $3,990,000 as of December
31, 2015, reflecting released product as part of our conversion of existing sites to the BEOND platform. Since we are supporting
multiple generations of the BEOND tablet platforms, we have seen an increase in the complexity of our supply chain. We anticipate
this complexity will remain with us through the end of 2016 and into 2017 and thus will require us to retain a higher level of
inventory for site equipment to be installed.  

Our
largest use of cash is payroll and related costs. Cash used for payroll and related costs decreased $835,000 to $7,914,000 for
the nine months ended September 30, 2016 from $8,749,000 during the same period in 2015 due to lower headcount.  

Our
primary source of cash is cash we generate from customers. Cash received from customers decreased $3,160,000 to $17,312,000 for
the nine months ended September 30, 2016 from $20,472,000 during the same period in 2015. This decrease was primarily a result
of receiving a large past-due receivable during the nine months ended September 30, 2015, and due to decreased revenue during
the nine months ended September 30, 2016 when compared to the same period in 2015.  

Net
cash used in investing activities.  The $608,000 decrease in cash used in investing activities was primarily due to a decrease
in capital expenditures and software development expenditures.  

Net
cash provided by financing activities.  Cash provided by financing activities increased by approximately $659,000. During 2016,
we made fewer payments on our long-term debt, but also received fewer proceeds from long-term debt when compared to the same period
in the prior year,  

RECENT
ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS   

Refer
to Note 7 of the condensed consolidated financial statements,  Recent Accounting Pronouncements.   

OFF-BALANCE
SHEET ARRANGEMENTS   

We
have no off-balance sheet arrangements that have, or are reasonably likely to have, a current or future effect on our financial
condition, changes in our financial condition, expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources.  

Item
3.       Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk .   

Under
Securities and Exchange Commission, or SEC, rules and regulations, as a smaller reporting company we are not required to provide
the information otherwise required by this item.  

Item
4.      Controls and Procedures .   

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures   

As
of the end of the period covered by this report, our management evaluated our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in
Rule 13a-15(e) promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, or the Exchange Act) as to whether such disclosure controls
and procedures were effective in providing reasonable assurance that the information required to be disclosed by us in reports
that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified
in SEC rules and forms and ensuring that information required to be disclosed in the reports that we file or submit under the
Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial
officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Based on our evaluation, our principal executive
officer and principal financial officer concluded that such disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of the end of
the period covered by this report.  

Changes
in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting   

There
was no change in our internal control over financial reporting during our most recently completed fiscal quarter that has materially
affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.  

PART
II   OTHER INFORMATION   

Item
1.       Legal Proceedings .   

None  

Item
1A.       Risk Factors .   

An
investment in our common stock involves a high degree of risk. You should consider carefully the risks and uncertainties described
under Item 1A of Part I of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015, Item IA of Part II of our Quarterly
Report on Form 10-Q for the three months ended March 31, 2016, and all other information contained or incorporated by reference
in this report before you decide to invest in our common stock. If any of the risks described in this report or in our annual
report occur, our business, financial condition, results of operations and our future growth prospects could be materially and
adversely affected. Under these circumstances, the trading price of our common stock could decline, and you may lose all or part
of your investment. As of the date of this report, we do not believe that there have been any material changes to the risk factors
previously disclosed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015 or our Quarterly Report on form 10-Q
for the three months ended March 31, 2016 other than as follows.  

Our
common stock could be delisted or suspended from trading on the NYSE MKT if we do not regain compliance with continued listing
criteria with which we are currently not compliant or if we fail to meet any other continued listing criteria.    

As
previously reported in November 2015, we are not in compliance with the continued listing standards of the NYSE MKT. Specifically,
we are not in compliance with Section 1003(a)(iii) of the NYSE MKT Company Guide (the  Company Guide ) because we
reported stockholders  equity of less than $6 million as of September 30, 2015 and had net losses in five of our most recent
fiscal years ended December 31, 2014. As a result, we became subject to the procedures and requirements of Section 1009 of the
Company Guide. We were required to submit a plan to NYSE Regulation, Inc. advising of actions we have taken or will take to regain
compliance with Section 1003(a)(iii) of the Company Guide by May 13, 2017. We submitted such a plan in December 2015. In January
2016, NYSE Regulation notified us that it has accepted our plan and granted us a plan period that extends through May 13, 2017
to regain compliance with Section 1003(a)(iii).  

In
April 2016, we received a letter from NYSE Regulation stating that we are not in compliance with Section 1003(a)(ii) of the Company
Guide because we reported stockholders  equity of less than $4 million as of December 31, 2015 and had net losses in three
of our four most recent fiscal years ended December 31, 2015. As a result, we continue to be subject to the procedures and requirements
of Section 1009 of the Company Guide. Because this instance of noncompliance was in addition to our noncompliance with Section
1003(a)(iii) of the Company Guide, we were not required to submit a new compliance plan.  

Under
Section 1003(a)(i) of the Company Guide, the NYSE MKT will normally consider suspending dealings in, or removing from the list,
securities of an issuer which has stockholders  equity of less than $2 million if such issuer has sustained losses from
continuing operations and/or net losses in two of its three most recent fiscal years. We had net losses in two of our three most
recent fiscal years ended December 31, 2015. Our stockholders  equity at September 30, 2016 was less than $2,000,000, and
accordingly, we were below compliance with Section 1003(a)(i), as well. As of November 10, 2016, we have not received a letter
from the NYSE Regulation regarding non-compliance with Section 1003(a)(i). As was the case when we fell out of compliance with
Section 1003(a)(ii), we expect to receive such a letter, however, because this instance of noncompliance would be in addition
to our noncompliance with Section 1003(a)(iii) and Section 1003(a)(ii), we do not expect to be required to submit a new compliance
plan.  

The
listing of our common stock on the NYSE MKT is being continued during the plan period pursuant to an extension. The NYSE Regulation
staff reviews us periodically for compliance with initiatives outlined in our plan. If we are not in compliance with the listing
requirements with which we are not in compliance by May 13, 2017 or if we do not make progress consistent with our plan during
the plan period, NYSE Regulation staff will initiate delisting proceedings as appropriate.  

The
capital we raised in the offering that closed on November 4, 2016 is consistent with the initiatives outlined in our plan to regain
compliance with the NYSE MKT continued listing standards with which we are currently not in compliance, however, the amount raised
in that offering did not increase our stockholders  equity to the amount required to regain compliance with all of the listing
requirements set forth in Section 1003(a). Our Stockholders  equity at September 30, 2016 was approximately $1.8 million;
we raised approximately $2.7 million in the offering. We are continuing to explore options to address our non-compliance, including
by raising additional capital through additional equity financings. We can give no assurances that we will be able to address
our non-compliance with the NYSE MKT continued listing standards or, even if we do, that we will be able to maintain the listing
of our common stock on the NYSE MKT. Our common stock could be delisted because we do not make progress consistent with our plan
during the plan period, because we do not regain compliance with Sections 1003(a)(i), 1003(a)(ii) and 1003(a)(iii) by May 13,
2017, or because we fall below compliance with other NYSE MKT listing standards. In addition, we may determine to pursue business
opportunities or grow our business at levels or on timelines that reduces our stockholders  equity below the level required
to maintain compliance with NYSE MKT continued listing standards. The delisting of our common stock for whatever reason could,
among other things, substantially impair our ability to raise additional capital; result in a loss of institutional investor interest
and fewer financing opportunities for us; and/or result in potential breaches of representations or covenants of our warrants
or other agreements pursuant to which we made representations or covenants relating to our compliance with applicable listing
requirements. Claims related to any such breaches, with or without merit, could result in costly litigation, significant liabilities
and diversion of our management s time and attention and could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition,
business and results of operations. In addition, the delisting of our common stock for whatever reason may materially impair our
stockholders  ability to buy and sell shares of our common stock and could have an adverse effect on the market price of,
and the efficiency of the trading market for, our common stock.  

If
our common stock were delisted and determined to be a  penny stock,  a broker-dealer may find it more difficult to
trade our common stock and an investor may find it more difficult to acquire or dispose of our common stock in the secondary market.    

If
our common stock was delisted or suspended from trading on the NYSE MKT, it may be subject to the so-called  penny stock 
rules. The SEC has adopted regulations that define a  penny stock  to be any equity security that has a market price
per share of less than $5.00, subject to certain exceptions, such as any securities listed on a national securities exchange.
For any transaction involving a  penny stock,  unless exempt, the rules impose additional sales practice requirements
on broker-dealers, subject to certain exceptions. If our common stock were delisted and determined to be a  penny stock, 
a broker-dealer may find it more difficult to trade our common stock and an investor may find it more difficult to acquire or
dispose of our common stock on the secondary market.  

The
market price of our common stock historically has been and likely will continue to be highly volatile and our common stock is
thinly traded.    

The
market price for our common stock historically has been highly volatile, and the market for our common stock has from time to
time experienced significant price and volume fluctuations, based both on our operating performance and for reasons that appear
to us unrelated to our operating performance. Our stock is also thinly traded, which can affect market volatility, which could
significantly affect the market price of our common stock without regard to our operating performance. In addition, the market
price of our common stock may fluctuate significantly in response to a number of factors, including:  

the
    level of our financial resources;   

announcements
    of entry into or consummation of a financing;   

announcements
    of new products or technologies, commercial relationships or other events by us or our competitors;   

announcements
    of difficulties or delays in entering into commercial relationships with our customers;   

changes
    in securities analysts  estimates of our financial performance or deviations in our business and the trading price of
    our common stock from the estimates of securities analysts;   

fluctuations
    in stock market prices and trading volumes of similar companies;   

sales
    of large blocks of our common stock, including sales by significant stockholders, our executive officers or our directors
    or pursuant to shelf or resale registration statements that register shares of our common stock that may be sold by us or
    certain of our current or future stockholders;   

discussion
    of us or our stock price by the financial press and in online investor communities;   

commencement
    of delisting proceedings by the NYSE MKT; and   

additions
    or departures of key personnel.   

The
realization of any of the foregoing could have a dramatic and adverse impact on the market price of our common stock.  

Future
sales of substantial amounts of our common stock in the public market or the anticipation of such sales could have a material
adverse effect on then-prevailing market prices.    

In
a private placement we completed in November 2013, we issued 120,000 shares of our common stock and warrants to purchase 72,000
shares of our common stock at an exercise price of $20.00 per share. A registration statement registering the resale of all of
those shares is currently effective and we are obligated to use commercially reasonable efforts to maintain such registration
statement continuously effective until all such registered shares have been sold.  

In
addition, since 2009, in connection with acquisitions, we issued (directly or upon the exercise of warrants issued in connection
with such acquisitions) an aggregate of approximately 56,000 shares of our common stock. As of September 30, 2016, there were
outstanding warrants to purchase an aggregate of 132,000 shares of common stock at exercise prices ranging from $20.00 to $75.00
per share (including the warrants to purchase 72,000 shares we issued in our November 2013 private placement). In addition, as
of September 30, 2016, there were approximately 156,000 shares of our Series A Preferred Stock outstanding. The holders of such
shares may elect to convert them into shares of our common stock at any time. Based on the current conversion price, we would
issue approximately 10,000 shares of our common stock if all of the outstanding shares of our Series A Preferred Stock were so
converted. Generally, all of the shares of common stock we issued in connection with the acquisitions, the shares we may issue
upon exercise of warrants and the shares of common stock we may issue upon conversion of the Series A Preferred Stock may be sold
under Rule 144 of the Securities Act of 1933, subject to any applicable holding period with respect to the shares issued upon
exercise of warrants the exercise price of which is paid with cash.  

As
of September 30, 2016, there were also approximately 167,000 shares of common stock reserved for issuance upon the exercise of
outstanding stock options at exercise prices ranging from $6.50 to $35.00 per share. Registration statements registering such
shares of common stock is currently effective.  

Accordingly,
a significant number of shares of our common stock could be sold at any time. Depending upon market liquidity at the time our
common stock is resold by the holders thereof, such resales could cause the trading price of our common stock to decline. In addition,
the sale of a substantial number of shares of our common stock, or anticipation of such sales, could make it more difficult for
us to obtain future financing. To the extent the trading price of our common stock at the time of exercise of any of our outstanding
options or warrants exceeds their exercise price, such exercise will have a dilutive effect on our stockholders.  

Raising
additional capital may cause dilution to our existing stockholders and may restrict our operations.    

We
may raise additional capital at any time and may do so through one or more financing alternatives, including public or private
sales of equity or debt securities directly to investors or through underwriters or placement agents. As discussed above, we are
exploring options to address our non-compliance with the NYSE MKT continued listing standards, in particular, options to address
our low stockholders  equity. We currently have a shelf registration statement on file under which we could sell up to approximately
$15.2 million worth of securities, after taking into account the $2.7 million worth of shares of our common stock we sold in the
offering that closed on November 4, 2016. See also   Our ability to raise capital may be limited by applicable laws and
regulations ,  below. Raising capital through the issuance of common stock (or securities convertible into or exchangeable
or exercisable for shares of our common stock) may depress the market price of our stock and may substantially dilute our existing
stockholders. In addition, our board of directors may issue preferred stock with rights, preferences and privileges that are senior
to those of the holders of our common stock. Debt financings could involve covenants that restrict our operations. These restrictive
covenants may include limitations on additional borrowing and specific restrictions on the use of our assets, as well as prohibitions
on our ability to create liens or make investments and may, among other things, preclude us from making distributions to stockholders
(either by paying dividends or redeeming stock) and taking other actions beneficial to our stockholders. In addition, investors
could impose more one-sided investment terms and conditions on companies that have or are perceived to have limited remaining
funds or limited ability to raise additional funds. The lower our cash balance, the more difficult it is likely to be for us to
raise additional capital on commercially reasonable terms, or at all.  

Our
ability to raise capital may be limited by applicable laws and regulations.    

Over
the past few years we have raised capital through the sale of our equity securities. The offering we completed in April 2014 and
the offering that closed on November 4, 2016 were equity offerings conducted under the  shelf  registration statement
on Form S-3. Using a shelf registration statement on Form S-3 to raise additional capital generally takes less time and is less
expensive than other means, such as conducting an offering under a Form S-1 registration statement. However, our ability to raise
capital using a shelf registration statement may be limited by, among other things, current SEC rules and regulations. Under current
SEC rules and regulations, we must meet certain requirements to use a Form S-3 registration statement to raise capital without
restriction as to the amount of the market value of securities sold thereunder. One such requirement is that we periodically evaluate
the market value of our outstanding shares of common stock held by non-affiliates, or public float, and if, at an evaluation date,
our public float is less than $75.0 million, then the aggregate market value of securities sold by us or on our behalf under the
Form S-3 in any 12-month period is limited to an aggregate of one-third of our public float. After taking into account the shares
we sold in the offering that closed on November 4, 2016, our public float is approximately $10.9 million and therefore we are
currently subject to the one-third of our public float limitation. Assuming our public float remains the same amount the next
time we are required to evaluate it, we will only be able to sell an additional approximately $903,000 using the  shelf 
registration statement. If our ability to utilize a Form S-3 registration statement for a primary offering of our securities is
limited to one-third of our public float, we may conduct such an offering pursuant to an exemption from registration under the
Securities Act or under a Form S-1 registration statement, and we would expect either of those alternatives to increase the cost
of raising additional capital relative to utilizing a Form S-3 registration statement.  

In
addition, under current SEC rules and regulations, our common stock must be listed and registered on a national securities exchange
in order to utilize a Form S-3 registration statement (i) for a primary offering, if our public float is not at least $75.0 million
as of a date within 60 days prior to the date of filing the Form S-3 or a re-evaluation date, whichever is later, and (ii) to
register the resale of our securities by persons other than us (i.e., a resale offering). While currently our common stock is
listed on the NYSE MKT equities market, there can be no assurance that we will be able to maintain such listing. See also  Our
common stock could be delisted or suspended from trading on the NYSE MKT if we do not regain compliance with continued listing
criteria with which we are currently not compliant or if we fail to meet any other continued listing criteria,  above.  

Our
ability to timely raise sufficient additional capital also may be limited by the NYSE MKT s stockholder approval requirements
for transactions involving the issuance of our common stock or securities convertible into our common stock. For instance, the
NYSE MKT requires that we obtain stockholder approval of any transaction involving the sale, issuance or potential issuance by
us of our common stock (or securities convertible into our common stock) at a price less than the greater of book or market value,
which (together with sales by our officers, directors and principal stockholders) equals 20% or more of our then outstanding common
stock, unless the transaction is considered a  public offering  by the NYSE MKT staff. In addition, certain prior
sales by us may be aggregated with any offering we may propose in the future, further limiting the amount we could raise in any
future offering that is not considered a public offering by the NYSE MKT staff and involves the sale, issuance or potential issuance
by us of our common stock (or securities convertible into our common stock) at a price less than the greater of book or market
value. The NYSE MKT also requires that we obtain stockholder approval if the issuance or potential issuance of additional shares
will be considered by the NYSE MKT staff to result in a change of control of our company.  

Obtaining
stockholder approval is a costly and time-consuming process. If we are required to obtain stockholder approval for a potential
transaction, we would expect to spend substantial additional money and resources. In addition, seeking stockholder approval would
delay our receipt of otherwise available capital, which may materially and adversely affect our ability to execute our business
strategy, and there is no guarantee our stockholders ultimately would approve a proposed transaction. A public offering under
the NYSE MKT rules typically involves broadly announcing the proposed transaction, which often times has the effect of depressing
the issuer s stock price. Accordingly, the price at which we could sell our securities in a public offering may be less,
and the dilution existing stockholders experience may in turn be greater, than if we were able to raise capital through other
means.  

Item
2.             Unregistered
Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds.    

None  

Item
3.            Defaults
Upon Senior Securities.    

None  

Item
4.             Mine
Safety Disclosures.    

Not
Applicable  

Item
5.      Other Information .   

None  

Item
6.            Exhibits.    

Exhibit   
         
       Description   
         
       Incorporated
    By Reference     

3.1  
         
      Restated
    Certificate of Incorporation  
         
      Exhibit
    to Form 10-Q filed on August 14, 2013.   

3.2  
         
      Certificate
    of Amendment to the Restated Certificate of Incorporation  
         
      Exhibit
    to Form 8-K filed on June 17, 2016   

3.3  
         
      Bylaws
    of the Company, as amended  
         
      Exhibit
    to Form 10-K filed on March 26, 2008   

4.1  
         
      Form
    of Certificate of Common Stock of NTN Buzztime, Inc.  
         
      Exhibit
    to Form 8-K filed on June 17, 2016   

10.1*  
         
      NTN
    Buzztime, Inc. Executive Incentive Plan for Eligible Employees of NTN Buzztime, Inc. Fiscal Year 2016.  
         
      Filed
    herewith   

10.2  
         
      Subscription
    Agreement between NTN Buzztime, Inc. and the purchaser parties thereto.  
         
      Exhibit
    to Form 8-K filed on November 1, 2016   

31.1  
         
      Certification
    of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002  
         
      Filed
    herewith   

31.2  
         
      Certification
    of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002  
         
      Filed
    herewith   

32.1#  
         
      Certification
    of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002  
         
      Furnished
    herewith   

32.2#  
         
      Certification
    of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002  
         
      Furnished
    herewith   

101.INS  
         
      XBRL
    Instance Document  
         
      Filed
    herewith   

101.SCH  
         
      XBRL
    Taxonomy Extension Schema Document  
         
      Filed
    herewith   

101.CAL  
         
      XBRL
    Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document  
         
      Filed
    herewith   

101.DEF  
         
      XBRL
    Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document  
         
      Filed
    herewith   

101.LAB  
         
      XBRL
    Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document  
         
      Filed
    herewith   

*  
         
      Management
    Contract or Compensatory Plan. This exhibit was previously listed as an exhibit to the Company s Quarterly Report on
    10-Q for the quarterly period ended March 31, 2016. However, the exhibit was inadvertently omitted when that report was filed
    with the Commission.   

#  
         
      This
    certification is being furnished solely to accompany this report pursuant to U.S.C.   1350, and is not being filed for
    purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and is not to be incorporated herein by reference
    into any filing of the Company whether made before or after the date hereof, regardless of any general incorporation language
    in such filing.   

SIGNATURES   

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf
by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.  

NTN
    BUZZTIME, INC.   

Date:
    November 9, 2016  
      By:  
       /s/
     Allen Wolff     

Allen
    Wolff   

Chief
    Financial Officer and Executive Vice President   

(on
    behalf of the Registrant, and as its Principal Financial Officer)   

<EX-10.1>
 2
 ex10-1.htm

NTN
Buzztime, Inc. Executive Incentive Plan for Eligible Employees of NTN Buzztime, Inc.    

   Fiscal
Year 2016   

Section   
       Description

1   
         Approval    
       This
                                         Plan has been approved by the Nominating and Corporate Governance/ Compensation Committee
                                         ( the Committee ). This Plan may be changed or modified at any time at the
                                         discretion of the Committee. The Committee also has discretion on the impact of merger
                                         and acquisition activity and/or investments made beyond the core business as it relates
                                         to the integration to this Plan.  

2   
         Effective
    Dates     
         The
     Plan Period  is January 1, 2016   December 31, 2016.     
 
       3   
         Eligibility
        
       To
                                         be an eligible participant in the Plan, Executives must be employed by Buzztime on or
                                         before October 1, 2016, on active, full-time, paid status and not be a participant in
                                         any other Buzztime incentive compensation program. (All eligible employees are referred
                                         to in this Plan as  Participant(s) ). Only Participants may earn incentive
                                         compensation under this Plan.  
             
          Additionally,
        plan  Participants  must confirm they have read, understood, and agree to abide by the term and conditions in the
        Personal Incentive Memo and this incentive plan.  
             
          Any
        newly hired Executive who becomes eligible for the Plan during the year may be eligible to receive a prorated incentive
        amount.  
             
          This
        Plan supersedes any previous contractual agreements or prior incentive plans.  

4   
         Plan
    Design     
        (1)
                                         Prerequisites to Earning Incentive Compensation   
                                                                                                                                
          To
        earn incentive compensation under this Plan, subject to provisions of Section 6,  the following criteria must be satisfied :
        (a) The Plan must be funded, based on the achievement of the  Corporate Goals  during the  Plan Period,  as
        outlined below; and (b) the Participant must be employed by Buzztime on the  Payout Date.   
             
           (2)
        Corporate Goals    Our 2016  Corporate Goals  are as follows:  

A.
      
      To
    meet target EBITDA as approved by the Board of Directors. EBITDA is defined as earnings before interest, tax, depreciation
    and amortization as disclosed in Buzztime s financial reports. Payout weighted up to 35% of payout pool.   

B.
      
      To
    meet target revenue growth, as approved by the Board of Directors. Payout weighted up to 35% of payout pool.   

C.
      
      To
    achieve certain strategic milestones, as evaluated by the Committee. Payout weighted up to 30% of payout pool.   

If
the  Corporate Goals  are exceeded, the Committee, at its sole discretion, may choose to pay out a larger pool amount.  

(3)
                                         Target Payout    

Each
Participant will have a  Target Payout , assigned by his/her position and job level, and will be paid in cash and expressed
as a percentage of his/her annual base salary, excluding benefits, as of December 31, 2016. The  Target Payout  amount will
be adjusted when warranted pursuant to Sections 5 and 6.  

- 1 -     Confidential, internal use only   

(4)
                                         Plan Terms   

The
Incentive Payout amount is based on the following terms:  

%
of Corporate Goals Achievement   - Overall percent achieved of the Corporate Goals.  

Participant s
Target Payout Amount   - Participant s  annual base salary  x the  Target Payout.  Please refer to your
personal incentive memo.  

Individual
Incentive Payout     The incentive payout amount an individual is awarded after the payout formula is completed subject
to all sections of this Plan.  

Executive
    Executive is defined as the titles of Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, VP of Finance (as Chief
Accounting Officer), or any additional executive level position, as determined by the Committee, that the Company hires during
2016. These titles are considered Participants under this Plan.  

(5)
Performance Determination   

Buzztime s
actual performance against the  Corporate Goals  for the  Plan Period  will be determined and approved by the Committee
as soon as practicable after the  Plan Period  ends, subject to the completion and approval by Buzztime of the relevant financial
or other Buzztime reports upon which the  Corporate Goals  are measured.  

(6)
Payout Formula    

Please
refer to your personal incentive memo for formula payout examples.  

5    
        Payout
    Details   
        Payout
                                         Date(s):  Subject to Section 8, and provided all the of prerequisites to earning incentive
                                         compensation are met pursuant to Section 4, a cash payout will occur within 30 days after
                                         receipt of the independent auditor s report on Buzztime s annual financial
                                         statements for 2016, but no later than March 15, 2017.  
             
           Prorated
        Payouts:  The  Individual Incentive Payout  that otherwise would have been earned in the  Plan Period  will
        be prorated when the provisions of Section 6 apply.  
             
           Plan
        Administration and Interpretation:  This Plan shall be administered and interpreted by the Committee at its sole discretion.
        The Committee must approve any exceptions to the term and conditions of this Plan.  
             
           401k
        deferrals:  In accordance with the NTN Buzztime, Inc. 401k Plan, no 401k deductions will be withheld from incentive
        ( bonus ) wages.  
             
           Taxes:
         Incentive payments are in addition to the Participant s base salary and are included as total cash compensation
        and, as such, recorded on the Participant s W-2 (or applicable country statement) statement of wages.  Individual
        Incentive Payouts  are considered taxable income and are reported as Gross Income (not  after taxes ).
        Participants will have all appropriate payroll taxes and withholdings deducted from these incentive payments at the IRS
        supplemental tax rate.  

6   
        Prorated
    Participation   
      Late
    Entry into the Plan: An Executive who enters into an eligible position and, therefore, becomes a Participant after the beginning
    of the Plan Period (either through new hire, promotion or transfer) will be assigned a Target Payout and will be able to earn
    prorated incentive payment on that basis.   

- 2 -     Confidential, internal use only   

Effect
        of Termination:   A Participant must be employed on the Payout Date(s) to earn an incentive payment. If a Participant
        voluntarily resigns from employment prior to the  Payout Date) , no incentive payment is earned. If Buzztime terminates
        a  Participant s  employment prior to the  Payout Date(s) , no incentive payment is earned.   
             
           Effect
        of Disciplinary Action:  Any Participant under disciplinary action (any level of performance counseling, warning and/or
        performance improvement plan) will be ineligible to participate in the Plan. If the employee upon reevaluation, however,
        is released from disciplinary action, he/she will at that same time resume eligibility under the Plan and may be eligible
        to receive a prorated incentive amount that excludes the period of time he/she was under disciplinary action.  
               
           Internal
        Promotions and Transfers:  Employees who transfer within Buzztime and/or are promoted into new positions that are not
        eligible to participate in this Plan will be paid a prorated  Individual Incentive Payout.  Participants who transfer
        within and/or promoted into new positions will be re-evaluated to ensure they are at the appropriate incentive level based
        on their position and job level. The incentive payment during the time in the  Plan Period  he or she was a Participant
        is subject to the prerequisites to earning incentive compensation.  
             
           Approved
        Time Off:  The  Individual Incentive Payout  will not be prorated to account for time off due to personal time
        off not associated with a leave of absence.  
             
           Leave
        of Absence:  The  Individual Incentive Payout  for Participants who are on an approved leave of absence from Buzztime
        will be prorated based on the length of the approved leave during the  Plan Period . During the time an employee
        is on an approved leave of absence, he or she will not be considered a  Participant .  

7   
         At
    Will Employment    
       Employment
                                         with Buzztime is at-will. This means that just as a Participant is free to resign at
                                         any time, Buzztime reserves the right to discharge a Participant at any time, with or
                                         without cause or advance notice. In connection with the  at-will  employment
                                         relationship, Buzztime also reserves the right to exercise its managerial discretion
                                         in reassigning, transferring, promoting or demoting an employee, at any time. Participation
                                         in the Plan does not guarantee continued employment for any particular period of time
                                         or otherwise change Buzztime s policy of employment at-will.  

8   
        Company
    Management Rights    
       Buzztime
                                         reserves the right to amend or terminate this Plan, at any time, at the Board s
                                         discretion, with or without advance notice. Any amendments to the Plan will be in writing
                                         and approved by the Committee. If this Plan is amended or terminated prior to the end
                                         of the  Plan Period , Participants will be paid, according to any amending or terminating
                                         documents.  
             
          This
        Plan will automatically terminate at the end of the  Plan Period , except that the Payout provisions will continue
        in effect until satisfied. However, Buzztime, at its discretion, may elect to re-issue the Plan, in writing, with new
        Effective Dates.  

- 3 -     Confidential, internal use only   

Acknowledgement    

Your
signature below indicates that you have read, understood, and agreed to the entire NTN Buzztime, Inc. Executive Incentive Plan
for Eligible Employees of NTN Buzztime, Inc. Fiscal Year 2016, which includes the preceding three (3) pages and the Personal Incentive
Memo for your position. Different positions are eligible for different incentives and not all positions are eligible for the same
level of incentive. Information contained in these documents is strictly confidential and shall under no circumstances be shared
with other employees of NTN Buzztime or with anyone outside the Company without the express consent of the Chief Financial Officer
or Director of Human Resources of the Company unless required to do so under Sarbanes Oxley Act or the Securities Exchange Commission.  

Plan Participant Name
    (Please Print)   

Plan Participant Signature   

Date   

- 4 -     Confidential, internal use only   

</EX-10.1>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 ex31-1.htm

Exhibit
31.1   

CERTIFICATION
OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO   

    SECURITIES
EXCHANGE ACT RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15(d)-14(a), AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO   

    SECTION
302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002   

I,
Ram Krishnan, certify that:  

1.
I have reviewed this report on Form 10-Q of NTN Buzztime, Inc.;  

2.
Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect
to the period covered by this report;  

3.
Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all
material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods
presented in this report;  

4.
The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and
procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined
in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:  

(a)  
      designed
    such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
    to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to
    us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;   

(b)  
      designed
    such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
    our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
    statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;   

(c)  
      evaluated
    the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
    about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based
    on such evaluation; and   

(d)  
      disclosed
    in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
    most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially
    affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting;
    and   

5.
The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control
over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors
(or persons performing the equivalent functions):  

(a)  
      all
    significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
    are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial
    information; and   

(b)  
      any
    fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
    internal control over financial reporting.   

Dated:
    November 9, 2016  
       /s/
     Ram Krishnan     

Ram
    Krishnan   

Chief
    Executive Officer   

NTN
    Buzztime, Inc.   

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 ex31-2.htm

Exhibit
31.2   

CERTIFICATION
OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO   

    SECURITIES
EXCHANGE ACT RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15(d)-14(a), AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO   

    SECTION
302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002   

I,
Allen Wolff, certify that:  

1.
I have reviewed this report on Form 10-Q of NTN Buzztime, Inc.;  

2.
Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect
to the period covered by this report;  

3.
Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all
material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods
presented in this report;  

4.
The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and
procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined
in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:  

(a)  
      designed
    such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
    to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to
    us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;   

(b)  
      designed
    such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
    our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
    statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;   

(c)  
      evaluated
    the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
    about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based
    on such evaluation; and   

(d)  
      disclosed
    in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
    most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially
    affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting;
    and   

5.
The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control
over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors
(or persons performing the equivalent functions):  

(a)  
      all
    significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
    are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial
    information; and   

(b)  
      any
    fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
    internal control over financial reporting.   

Dated:
    November 9, 2016  
       /s/
     Allen Wolff     

Allen
    Wolff   

Chief
    Financial Officer and Executive Vice President   

NTN
    Buzztime, Inc.   

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 ex32-1.htm

Exhibit
32.1   

CERTIFICATION
OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS    
  ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002   

In
connection with the Quarterly Report of NTN Buzztime, Inc. (the  Registrant ) on Form 10-Q for the period ended September
30, 2016 (the  Report ), I, Ram Krishnan, Chief Executive Officer of the Registrant, do hereby certify, pursuant to
18 U.S.C.  1350, as adopted pursuant to  906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to my knowledge:  

(1)  
      the
    Report, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d)
    of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and   

(2)  
      the
    information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
    of the Registrant.   

Dated:
    November 9, 2016  
       /s/
     Ram Krishnan     

Ram
    Krishnan   

Chief
    Executive Officer   

NTN
    Buzztime, Inc.   

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 6
 ex32-2.htm

Exhibit
32.2   

CERTIFICATION
OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS    
  ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002   

In
connection with the Quarterly Report of NTN Buzztime, Inc. (the  Registrant ) on Form 10-Q for the period ended September
30, 2016 (the  Report ), I, Allen Wolff, Chief Financial Officer of the Registrant, do hereby certify, pursuant to
18 U.S.C.  1350, as adopted pursuant to  906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to my knowledge:  

(1)  
      the
    Report, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d)
    of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and   

(2)  
      the
    information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
    of the Registrant.   

Dated:
    November 9, 2016  
       /s/
     Allen Wolff     

Allen
    Wolff   

Chief
    Financial Officer and Executive Vice President   

NTN
    Buzztime, Inc.   

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 8
 ntn-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE FILE

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 9
 ntn-20160930.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 10
 ntn-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 11
 ntn-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 12
 ntn-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 13
 ntn-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

