<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161110_10-Q_edgar_data_1673985_0000930413-16-008682_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>2077485</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>82629</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>158206</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>409905</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>816073</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>557122</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>52</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000930413-16-008682.hdr.sgml : 20161110
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161110162715
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000930413-16-008682
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		59
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161110
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161110

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			AdvanSix Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001673985
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PLASTICS, MATERIALS, SYNTH RESINS & NONVULCAN ELASTOMERS [2821]
		IRS NUMBER:				812525089
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-37774
		FILM NUMBER:		161988410

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		115 TABOR ROAD
		CITY:			MORRIS PLAINS
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			07950
		BUSINESS PHONE:		973-455-4275

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		115 TABOR ROAD
		CITY:			MORRIS PLAINS
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			07950

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000930413-16-008682.txt : 20161110

10-Q
 1
 c86429_10q.htm

UNITED STATES  

  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION  

  WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549  

FORM 10-Q  

(Mark One) 

For the quarterly period ended   September 30,
2016  

or  

For the transition period from _____  to
_____         
 Commission File Number: 001-36218  

AdvanSix Inc.    (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified
in its Charter) 

Delaware  
       
      81-2525089   
 
      (State or Other Jurisdiction of
     
Incorporation or Organization)  
       
      (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.)   

(973)  455-2000  

  (Registrant s telephone number, including
area code)  

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant:
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during
the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been
subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.    Yes  o  No  x  

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted
electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant
to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that
the registrant was required to submit and post such files).    Yes  x   No  o  

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated
filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated
filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer   o  
     Accelerated filer    o  
     Non-accelerated filer    x  
     Smaller reporting company    o   

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company
(as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes  o   No  x  

The Registrant had 30,482,966
shares of common stock, $0.01 par value, outstanding at November 7, 2016. 

ADVANSIX INC.  

  FORM 10-Q  

   TABLE OF CONTENTS   

Part I.   
      FINANCIAL INFORMATION  

Item 1.   
       Consolidated Financial Statements (unaudited)   

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015   
      3   

Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015   
      4   

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015   
      5   

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015   
      6   

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements   
      7   
 
       Item 2.   
       Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations   
      15   
 
       Item 3.   
       Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk   
      23   
 
       Item 4.   
       Controls and Procedures   
      23   

Part II.   
       OTHER INFORMATION   

Item 1.   
       Legal Proceedings   
      24   
 
       Item 1A.   
       Risk Factors   
      24   
 
       Item 6.   
       Exhibits   
      25   

Signature   
      27   

PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION  

ITEM 1. CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

ADVANSIX INC.  

    CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS  

  (Unaudited; in thousands, except share
and per share amounts)  

The Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
are an integral part of this statement.  

ADVANSIX INC.  

    CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS  

  (Unaudited; in thousands, except share
and per share amounts)  

The Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
are an integral part of this statement.  

ADVANSIX INC.  

    CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE
INCOME   

  (Unaudited; in thousands)  

The Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
are an integral part of this statement.  

ADVANSIX INC.  

    CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS  

  (Unaudited; in thousands)  

The Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
are an integral part of this statement.  

ADVANSIX INC.  

    NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

  (Dollars in thousands, unless otherwise
noted)  

1. Organization, Operations and Basis of Presentation   

Description of Business   

AdvanSix Inc. ( AdvanSix , the  Business ,
the  Company ,  we  or  our ) is an integrated manufacturer of Nylon 6, a polymer resin which
is a synthetic material used by our customers to produce engineered plastics, fibers, filaments and films that, in turn, are used
in such end-products as automotive and electronic components, carpets, sports apparel, fishing nets and food and industrial packaging.
As a result of our backward integration and the configuration of our manufacturing facilities, we also sell a variety of other
products, all of which are produced as part of the Nylon 6 resin manufacturing process primarily including caprolactam, ammonium
sulfate fertilizers, and other chemical intermediates. Each of these product lines represented the following approximate percentage
of our sales: 

AdvanSix is a single reportable segment
and is primarily located in North America, operating primarily through three integrated manufacturing sites located in Frankford,
Pennsylvania, Hopewell, Virginia and Chesterfield, Virginia. 

Separation from Honeywell   

On October 1, 2016, Honeywell International Inc. ( Honeywell )
completed the previously announced separation of AdvanSix. The separation was completed by Honeywell distributing all of the then
outstanding shares of common stock of AdvanSix on October 1, 2016 (the  Distribution Date ) through a dividend in kind
of AdvanSix common stock, par value $0.01, to holders of Honeywell common stock as of the close of business on the record date
of September 16, 2016 who held their shares through the Distribution Date (the  Spin-Off ). 

Each Honeywell stockholder who held their shares through the
Distribution Date received one share of AdvanSix common stock for every 25 shares of Honeywell common stock held at the close of
business on the record date of September 16, 2016. The separation was completed pursuant to a Separation and Distribution Agreement
and other agreements with Honeywell related to the separation, including an Employee Matters Agreement, a Tax Matters Agreement,
and Transition Services Agreement, each of which was filed as an exhibit to our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission ( SEC ) on September 28, 2016, as well as Site Sharing and Services Agreements for Chesterfield,
Colonial Heights and Pottsville, each of which was filed as an exhibit to our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on
October 3, 2016. These agreements govern the relationship between AdvanSix and Honeywell following the separation and provide for
the allocation of various assets, liabilities, rights and obligations. These agreements also include arrangements for transition
services to be provided by Honeywell to AdvanSix and by AdvanSix to Honeywell. A description of the material terms and conditions
of these agreements can be found in the section titled  Certain Relationships and Related Party Transactions  of the
Company s Information Statement filed as Exhibit 99.1 to Amendment No. 5 to the Registration Statement of AdvanSix Inc. on
Form 10 dated and filed with the SEC on September 7, 2016 and declared effective by the SEC on September 8, 2016 (the  Form
10 ). 

On October 3, 2016, AdvanSix stock began  regular-way 
trading on the New York Stock Exchange under the  ASIX  stock symbol. 

Basis of Presentation   

These interim unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements should
be read in conjunction with the combined financial statements and related notes for the year ended December 31, 2015, which appear
in the Form 10. The unaudited results for interim periods do not include all disclosures required by accounting principles generally
accepted in the United States of America ( GAAP ) for annual financial statements and are not necessarily indicative
of results for the full year or any subsequent period. In the opinion of management, they contain all the adjustments (consisting
of those of a normal recurring nature) considered necessary to state fairly the financial position, results of operations and cash
flows for the periods presented in conformity with GAAP applicable to interim periods. 

ADVANSIX INC.  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
  (Continued)  

  (Dollars in thousands, unless otherwise
noted)  

We report our quarterly financial information using a calendar
convention; prior to the Spin-Off, the first, second and third quarters were consistently reported as ending on March 31, June
30 and September 30 in the financial statements of Honeywell; subsequent to the Spin-Off we intend to continue following such convention.
It is our practice to establish actual quarterly closing dates using a predetermined fiscal calendar, which requires our businesses
to close their books on a Saturday in order to minimize the potentially disruptive effects of quarterly closing on our business
processes. Prior to the Spin-Off, the effects of this practice were generally not significant to reported results for any quarter
and only existed within a reporting year. In the event that differences in actual closing dates are material to year-over-year
comparisons of quarterly or year-to-date results, we will provide appropriate disclosures. Our actual closing dates for the three
and nine months reporting periods ending September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015 were October 1, 2016 and September 26, 2015,
respectively. 

Prior to the separation, these Consolidated Financial Statements
were derived from the consolidated financial statements and accounting records of Honeywell. These Consolidated Financial Statements
reflect the consolidated historical results of operations, financial position and cash flows of AdvanSix as they were historically
managed in conformity with GAAP. 

All intracompany transactions have been eliminated. As described
in Note 3, all significant transactions between the Business and Honeywell prior to separation have been included in these Consolidated
Financial Statements and are considered to be effectively settled for cash at the time the transaction is recorded. The total net
effect of the settlement of these pre separation transactions is reflected in the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows as a financing
activity and in the Consolidated Balance Sheets as Invested equity. 

Prior to the Spin-Off, Honeywell provided certain services, such
as legal, accounting, information technology, human resources and other infrastructure support, on behalf of the Business. The
cost of these services has been allocated to the Business on a direct usage basis when identifiable, with the remainder allocated
on the basis of revenues, headcount or other relevant measures. The Business and Honeywell consider these allocations to be a reasonable
reflection of the benefits received by the Business. However, the financial information presented in these Consolidated Financial
Statements may not reflect the financial position, operating results and cash flows of the Business had the Business been a separate
stand-alone entity during the periods presented. Actual costs that would have been incurred if the Business had been a stand-alone
company would depend on multiple factors, including organizational structure and strategic decisions made in various areas, including
information technology and infrastructure. Both we and Honeywell consider the basis on which the expenses have been allocated to
be a reasonable reflection of the utilization of services provided to or the benefits received by the Business during the periods
presented. After the Spin-Off, a number of the above services will continue under a transition service agreement with Honeywell,
which we will expense as incurred based on the contractual pricing terms. 

2. Recent Accounting Pronouncements  

The Company considers the applicability
and impact of all Accounting Standards Updates ( ASU ). ASUs not listed below were assessed and determined to be either
not applicable or are expected to have minimal impact on our consolidated financial position or results of operations. 

In March 2016, the FASB issued amended guidance related to employee
share-based payment accounting. The guidance requires all income tax effects of awards to be recognized in the income statement
on a prospective basis. The guidance also requires presentation of excess tax benefits as an operating activity on the statement
of cash flows rather than as a financing activity, and can be applied retrospectively or prospectively. The guidance increases
the amount companies can withhold to cover income taxes on awards without triggering liability classification for shares used to
satisfy statutory income tax withholding obligations and requires application of a modified retrospective transition method. The
amended guidance will be effective for interim and annual periods beginning after December 15, 2016; early adoption is permitted
if all provisions are adopted in the same period. We are evaluating the impact of the amended guidance on our Consolidated Financial
Statements and related disclosures. 

In February 2016, the FASB issued a new standard on accounting
for leases which requires lessees to recognize most leases on their balance sheets related to the rights and obligations created
by those leases. The new standard also requires disclosures to help financial statement users better understand the amount, timing,
and uncertainty of cash flows arising from leases and will be effective for interim and annual periods beginning after December
15, 2018 (early adoption is permitted). The new standard should be applied under a modified retrospective approach. We are evaluating
the impact of the new standard on our Consolidated Financial Statements and related disclosures. 

In August 2014, the FASB issued guidance to address the diversity
in practice in determining when there is substantial doubt about an entity s ability to continue as a going concern and when
and how an entity must disclose certain relevant conditions and events. This update requires an entity to evaluate whether there
are conditions or events, considered in the 

ADVANSIX INC.  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
  (Continued)  

  (Dollars in thousands, unless otherwise
noted)  

aggregate, that raise substantial doubt about the entity s
ability to continue as a going concern for a period of one year after the date that the financial statements are issued (or available
to be issued). If such conditions or events exist, an entity should disclose that there is substantial doubt about the entity s
ability to continue as a going concern for a period of one year after the date that the financial statements are issued (or available
to be issued), along with the principal conditions or events that raise substantial doubt, management s evaluation of the
significance of those conditions or events in relation to the entity s ability to meet its obligations and management s
plans that are intended to mitigate those conditions or events. The guidance is effective for annual and interim periods ending
after December 15, 2016. This guidance will impact the disclosure and presentation of any substantial doubt by AdvanSix about its
ability to continue as a going concern, if such substantial doubt were to exist. AdvanSix will adopt this guidance by December
31, 2016. 

In
May 2014 and in subsequent related updates and amendments, the FASB issued guidance on revenue from contracts with customers that
will supersede most current revenue recognition guidance, including industry-specific guidance. The underlying principle is that
an entity will recognize revenue to depict the transfer of goods or services to customers at an amount that the entity expects
to be entitled to in exchange for those goods or services. The guidance provides a five-step analysis of transactions to determine
when and how revenue is recognized. Other major provisions include capitalization of certain contract costs, consideration of time
value of money in the transaction price, and allowing estimates of variable consideration to be recognized before contingencies
are resolved in certain circumstances. The guidance also requires enhanced disclosures regarding the nature, amount, timing and
uncertainty of revenue and cash flows arising from an entity s contracts with customers. The effective date was deferred
for one year to the interim and annual periods beginning on or after December 15, 2017. Early adoption is permitted as of the original
effective date     interim
and annual periods beginning on or after December 15, 2016. The guidance permits the use of either a retrospective or cumulative
effect transition method. We have not yet selected a transition method and are currently evaluating the impact of the amended guidance
on our Consolidated Financial Statements and related disclosures.  

3. Related Party Transactions with Honeywell

Prior to consummation of the Spin-Off, the Consolidated Financial
Statements have been prepared on a stand-alone basis and are derived from the consolidated financial statements and accounting
records of Honeywell. 

During the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, AdvanSix
was allocated $10,470 and $12,387, respectively, of general corporate expenses incurred by Honeywell for certain services, such
as legal, accounting, information technology, human resources, other infrastructure support and shared facilities, on behalf of
the Business. During the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, AdvanSix was allocated $31,877 and $36,458, respectively.
These expenses have been reflected within Costs of goods sold and Selling, general and administrative expenses in the Consolidated
Statements of Operations. 

Sales to Honeywell during the three and nine months ended September
30, 2016 were $3,274 and $5,955, respectively, and during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015 were $2,330 and $8,443,
respectively. Of these sales, during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, $3,080 and $5,682, respectively, and during
the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, $1,027 and $6,961, respectively, were sold to Honeywell at zero margin. Costs
of goods sold to Honeywell during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 were $3,157 and $5,842, respectively, and
during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015 were $1,100 and $7,158, respectively. Purchases from Honeywell during
the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 were $1,041 and $3,299, respectively, and during the three and nine months ended
September 30, 2015 were $1,107 and $3,375, respectively. The total net effect of the settlement of these intercompany transactions
is reflected in the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows as a financing activity and in the Consolidated Balance Sheets as Invested
equity. 

While we were owned by Honeywell, it used a centralized approach
to cash management and financing of operations. Prior to consummation of the Spin-Off, the Business s cash was transferred
to Honeywell daily and Honeywell funded the Business s operating and investing activities as needed. Net transfers to and
from Honeywell are included within Invested equity on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. The components of the net transfers to and
from Honeywell as of September 30, 2016 and 2015 are as follows: 

ADVANSIX INC.  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
  (Continued)  

  (Dollars in thousands, unless otherwise
noted)  

4. Income Taxes   

The Company s effective tax rate for the three and nine months
ended September 30, 2016 was higher compared to the U.S. federal statutory rate due primarily to state taxes and, to a lesser extent, losses incurred
in foreign jurisdictions with rates lower than the U.S. federal statutory rate, partially offset by the federal tax credit
for research activities. The domestic manufacturing credit lowered the Company s effective tax rate for the nine months ended
September 30, 2016. The benefit from the domestic manufacturing credit was lower for the three months ended September 30,
2016 due to lower estimated taxable income for the full year 2016 upon which such deductions are calculated, which had the
effect of increasing the Company s tax provision for the three months ended September 30, 2016. 

For the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, there
were no unrecognized tax benefits recorded by the Company. Although there are no unrecognized income tax benefits, when applicable,
the Company s policy is to report interest expense related to unrecognized income tax benefits in the income tax provision. 

5. Earnings Per Share  

Basic earnings per share for AdvanSix s Common Stock is
calculated by dividing net income by the weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding. Diluted earnings per share
for the Company s Common Stock is calculated similarly, except that the calculation includes the dilutive effect of the assumed
issuance of shares issuable under our equity-based compensation plans. 

On October 1, 2016, the date of consummation of
the Spin-Off, 30,482,966 shares of the Company s Common Stock were distributed to Honeywell shareholders of record
as of September 16, 2016. This share amount is being utilized for the calculation of basic earnings per share for all
periods presented as no Common Stock was outstanding prior to the date of the Spin-Off.  On October 3, 2016, the Company
issued 819,723 time-based restricted stock units in connection with the Spin-Off. These restricted stock units were not
included in the computation of diluted earnings per share for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016. 

ADVANSIX INC.  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
  (Continued)  

  (Dollars in thousands, unless otherwise
noted)  

6. Accounts and Other Receivables - Net   

7. Inventories  

8. Property, Plant, Equipment Net  

Depreciation expense was $10,010 and $29,230
for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively, and $7,874 and $26,936 for the three and nine months ended
September 30, 2015, respectively. 

9. Postretirement Benefit Obligations  

Prior to the Spin-Off, certain of our eligible hourly and salaried
employees participated in defined benefit pension plans sponsored by Honeywell. As of the date of separation from Honeywell, these
employees  entitlement to benefits in Honeywell s plans was frozen and they will accrue no further benefits in Honeywell s
plans. Honeywell has retained the liability for benefits payable to eligible employees, which are based on age, years of service
and average pay upon retirement. 

Upon consummation of the Spin-Off, AdvanSix employees who were
participants in a Honeywell defined benefit pension plan became participants in the AdvanSix defined benefit pension plan ( AdvanSix
Retirement Earnings Plan ). The AdvanSix Retirement Earnings Plan will initially have the same formulas as the Honeywell
defined benefit pension plan. Moreover, vesting service, benefit accrual service and compensation credited under the Honeywell
defined benefit pension plan will apply to determine pension benefits under the AdvanSix Retirement Earnings Plan. However, benefits
earned under the AdvanSix Retirement Earnings Plan shall be reduced by the value of benefits accrued under the Honeywell plans.
It is the Company s intention to finalize a new pension plan in the fourth quarter of 2016 and ensure that pension benefits
for AdvanSix employees who were participants in Honeywell s plans are not adversely affected by the Spin-Off. 

ADVANSIX INC.  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
  (Continued)  

  (Dollars in thousands, unless otherwise
noted)  

As the plan liabilities of our employees accrued prior to the
Spin-Off remained at Honeywell, we did not record an asset or liability to recognize the funded status of these existing plans
in our historical Consolidated Financial Statements. The pension expense related to the participation of our employees in the existing
Honeywell plans was $1,717 and $5,151 for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively, and $2,554 and $7,662
for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, respectively. These costs are reported in Costs of goods sold and in Selling,
general and administrative expenses, depending on the functions of the employees to whom the pension costs relate. 

As of the completion of the Spin-Off, we assumed unfunded pension
liabilities of approximately $34.9 million for estimated future payments to eligible AdvanSix employees under the defined benefit
pension plan that we intend to sponsor. These liabilities were valued using actuarial assumptions
consistent with the methodologies that would be utilized under the Honeywell defined benefit plan. The significant assumptions
utilized were a discount rate of 3.93% and an expected weighted average annual rate of compensation increase, including inflation,
of 4.5%. Additional details around the pension accounting impacts and required pension disclosures will be made in our Annual Report
on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2016. 

10. Long-term Debt and Credit Arrangements  

The Company s debt at September 30,
2016 consisted of the following: 

At September 30, 2016, the Company assessed the amount recorded
under the Term Loan (defined below) and the Revolving Credit Facility (defined below) and determined that such amounts approximated
fair value. The fair values of the debt are based on quoted inactive market prices and are therefore classified as Level 2 within
the valuation hierarchy. 

The Term Loan is presented net of deferred costs of issuance,
which are amortized using the effective interest method over the term of the Term Loan. Gross deferred issuance costs at the inception
of the Term Loan were $1,770 and as of September 30, 2016 there were $1,770 of unamortized deferred issuance costs. 

Scheduled principal repayments under the Term Loan subsequent
to September 30, 2016 are as follows: 

Credit Agreement  

On September 30, 2016, in connection with the consummation of
the Spin-Off, the Company as the borrower, entered into a Credit Agreement with Bank of America, as administrative agent (the  Credit
Agreement ). The Credit Agreement consists of a $270 million term loan (the  Term Loan ) and
a $155 million revolving loan facility (the  Revolving Credit Facility ). The Revolving Credit Facility includes
a $25 million letter-of-credit sub-facility and a $20 million Swing-Line Loan sub-facility, issuances against which reduce
the available capacity for borrowing. As of September 30, 2016, the Company has issued $2,095 of letters of credit, against
which no funds have been drawn, and has made no borrowings against the Swing-Line Loan. The unutilized portion of the
Revolving Credit Facility is subject to an annual commitment fee of 0.25% to 0.40% depending on the Company s
consolidated leverage ratio. The Term Loan and the Revolving Credit Facility both have a scheduled maturity date of September
30, 2021. The interest rates on borrowings under the facilities are based on, at the option of the Company, either: (a) the
London Interbank Offered Rate ( LIBOR ), plus a margin of 2.25% to 3.00% depending on the Company s
consolidated leverage ratio, or (b) the higher of (i) the Federal Funds Rate plus 0.5%, (ii) Bank of America s
 prime rate , and (iii) LIBOR plus 1.0%, plus a margin of 1.25% to 2.00% depending on the Company s
consolidated leverage ratio. 

ADVANSIX INC.  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
  (Continued)  

  (Dollars in thousands, unless otherwise
noted)  

The proceeds of the Term Loan, net of adjustments for certain
working capital and other items, were used to fund a cash distribution to Honeywell in connection with the Spin-Off. Amounts available
under the Revolving Credit Facility may be used for working capital, general corporate purposes, and other uses, all as more fully
set forth in the Credit Agreement. 

The Company incurred approximately $1,770 in debt issuance costs
related to the Term Loan and $1,015 in costs related to the Revolving Credit Facility. The debt issuance costs associated with
the Term Loan were recorded as a reduction of the principal balance of the debt, and the Revolving Credit Facility costs were capitalized
in Other assets. All issuance costs will be accreted through interest expense for the duration of each respective debt facility.
The accretion in interest expense during the three months ended September 30, 2016 was $0. 

The obligations under the Credit Agreement are secured by liens
on substantially all of the assets of AdvanSix Inc. 

The Credit Agreement contains customary covenants limiting the
ability of the Company and its subsidiaries to, among other things, pay cash dividends, incur debt or liens, redeem or repurchase
stock of the Company, enter into transactions with affiliates, make investments, make capital expenditures, merge or consolidate
with others or dispose of assets.  The Credit Agreement also contains financial covenants that require the Company to maintain
a Consolidated Interest Coverage Ratio (as defined in the Credit Agreement) of not less than 3:00 to 1:00 and to maintain a Consolidated
Leverage Ratio of (i) 3:00 to 1:00 or less for the fiscal quarter ending September 30, 2016, through and including the fiscal quarter
ending March 31, 2018, (ii) 2:75 to 1:00 or less for the fiscal quarter ending June 30, 2018, through and including the fiscal
quarter ending March 31, 2019, and (iii) 2:50 to 1:00 or less for the fiscal quarter ending June 30, 2019, and each fiscal quarter
thereafter (subject to the Company s option to elect a consolidated leverage ratio increase in connection with certain acquisitions). 
If the Company does not comply with the covenants in the Credit Agreement, the lenders may, subject to customary cure rights, require
the immediate payment of all amounts outstanding under the Credit Agreement. 

11. Financial Instruments and Fair Value Measures  

The FASB s accounting guidance defines fair value as the
price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants
at the measurement date (exit price). The FASB s guidance classifies the inputs used to measure fair value into the following
hierarchy: 

Level 1  
      Unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities   

Level 2   
      Unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for similar assets or liabilities, or   

Unadjusted quoted prices for identical or similar assets or liabilities in markets that are not active, or   

Inputs other than quoted prices that are observable for the asset or liability   

Level 3  
      Unobservable inputs for the asset or liability   

Financial and nonfinancial assets and liabilities are classified
in their entirety based on the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurement. The following table sets
forth the Business s financial assets and liabilities that were accounted for at fair value on a recurring basis as of September
30, 2016 and December 31, 2015: 

The forward commodity contracts are valued using broker quotations,
or market transactions in either the listed or over-the-counter markets. As such, these derivative instruments were classified within
level 2 of the fair value hierarchy. 

The  carrying value of accounts receivables
and payables contained in the Consolidated Balance Sheets approximates fair value.  

12. Contingencies  

The Business is subject to a number of lawsuits, investigations
and disputes (some of which involve substantial amounts claimed) arising out of the conduct of the Business or other third parties
in the normal and ordinary course of business, including matters relating to commercial transactions. A liability is recognized
for any contingency that is probable of occurrence and reasonably estimable. The Business continually assesses the likelihood of 
 adverse judgments or outcomes 

ADVANSIX INC.  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
  (Continued)  

  (Dollars in thousands, unless otherwise
noted)  

in these matters, as well as potential ranges of possible losses
(taking into consideration any insurance recoveries), based on an analysis of each matter with the assistance of legal counsel
and, if applicable, other experts. 

Given the uncertainty inherent in such lawsuits, investigations
and disputes, the Business does not believe it is possible to develop estimates of reasonably possible loss in excess of current
accruals for these matters. Considering the Business s past experience and existing accruals, the Business does not expect
the outcome of these matters, either individually or in the aggregate, to have a material adverse effect on the Business s
consolidated financial position, results of operations or cash flows. Potential liabilities are subject to change due to new developments,
changes in settlement strategy or the impact of evidentiary requirements, which could cause the Business to pay damage awards or
settlements (or become subject to  equitable remedies) that could have a material adverse effect on the
Business s consolidated results of operations or operating cash flows in the periods recognized or paid.  

ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL
CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS  

The following discussion and analysis of the Company s
financial condition and results of operations, which we refer to as our  MD A,  should be read in conjunction with
the Consolidated Financial Statements and the notes thereto contained elsewhere in this Report, as well as the MD A section
of our Form 10. Certain information contained in the discussion and analysis set forth below includes forward-looking statements
that involve risks and uncertainties. Actual results and the timing of events may differ materially from those contained in these
forward-looking statements due to a number of factors, including those incorporated by reference in Item 1A of Part II of this
Report, as well as those discussed in the section entitled  Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements  below. 

Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements  

All statements other than statements of historical fact included
in this Report including, without limitation, statements under  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition
and Results of Operations  regarding our financial position, business strategy and the plans and objectives of management
for future operations, are forward looking statements. When used in this Report, words such as  anticipate,   believe, 
 estimate,   expect,   intend  and similar expressions, as they relate to us or our management,
identify forward looking statements. Such forward looking statements are based on the beliefs of management, as well as assumptions
made by, and information currently available to, our management. Actual results could differ materially from those contemplated
by the forward looking statements as a result of certain factors detailed in our filings with the SEC. All subsequent written or
oral forward looking statements attributable to us or persons acting on our behalf are qualified in their entirety by this paragraph. 

Business Overview  

We produce and sell our Nylon 6 resin and caprolactam as commodity
products and also produce and sell our Nylon 6 resin as a specialized resin product. The production of these products is capital
intensive, requiring ongoing investments in improving plant reliability, expanding production capacity and achieving higher quality
in our resin products. Our results of operations are primarily driven by production volume and the spread between the prices of
our products and the costs of the underlying raw materials built into the market-based pricing models for most of our products.
The global prices for nylon resin are typically set as a spread over the price of caprolactam, which in turn is set as a spread
over benzene because cumene and other petrochemicals derived from benzene are the key feedstock material for caprolactam. This
price spread has historically experienced cyclicality as a result of global changes in supply and demand. Generally, Nylon 6 resin
prices track the cyclicality of caprolactam prices, although prices set above the spread are achievable when nylon resin manufacturers,
like AdvanSix, are able to formulate and produce specialized nylon resin products. Our specialized Nylon 6 products are typically
valued at a higher level than commodity resin products. 

Since 2011, commodity caprolactam and resin prices have experienced
a cyclical period of downturn as the global market has experienced large increases in supply without a commensurate increase in
demand. Most of this supply increase has come from Chinese manufacturers entering the market, although many of our other competitors
have also announced recent increases in production capacity. As a result, our margins for Nylon 6 resin and caprolactam have declined
in recent years to historic lows. We believe that, in addition to the anticipated upswing that has historically followed periods
of oversupply and declining prices, certain anticipated trends in the Nylon 6 resin industry may begin to bolster an increase in
demand. Certain end markets that we serve, such as the automotive and electronic components industry, have recently increased demand
for Nylon 6 resin by finding new uses for this material in a range of components. Additionally, one of our strategies is to continue
developing specialty resin and copolymer products that we believe will obtain higher margins. 

Our ammonium sulfate is used by customers
as a nitrogen-based fertilizer. Global prices for ammonium sulfate fertilizer are influenced by the price of urea, which is the
most widely used source of nitrogen-based fertilizer in the world. Urea pricing has been under pressure recently due to the loosening
of urea export restrictions by the Chinese government and the growth of both Chinese and broader global production capacity. A
secondary global price driver for ammonium sulfate fertilizer is the price of future deliveries of crops, including corn, wheat
and coffee, which are impacted by general trends in the agricultural industry. 

We produce ammonium sulfate fertilizer as part of our manufacturing
process continuously throughout the year, but sales experience quarterly cyclicality based on the timing and length of the growing
seasons in North and South America. Due to the ammonium sulfate fertilizer sales cycle, we occasionally build up higher inventory
balances because the production volumes are tied to caprolactam production, not seasonal demand for fertilizers. Sales of most
of our other products are generally subject to minimal or no seasonality. 

The sales we derive from all of our products are impacted by
scheduled and unplanned plant outages. We seek to run our production facilities on a nearly continuous basis for maximum
efficiency and several of our intermediate products are key feedstock materials for other products in our integrated
manufacturing chain. On average, we schedule two outages per year to conduct routine and major maintenance at our facilities,
which are referred to as plant turnarounds. In addition, we may experience unplanned interruptions. We seek to mitigate the 

risk of unplanned downtime through regularly scheduled
maintenance both for major and minor repairs at all of our production facilities. We also utilize maintenance excellence and mechanical
integrity programs and maintain an appropriate buffer inventory of intermediate chemicals necessary for our manufacturing process,
which are intended to mitigate the extent of any production losses as a result of unplanned downtime. However, unplanned outages
may still occur or we may not have enough intermediate chemical inventory at any given time to offset such production losses. Moreover,
taking our production facilities offline for regularly scheduled repairs can be an expensive and time-consuming operation and there
is a significant risk that delays during the repair process may cause unplanned downtime as well. See  Risk Factors Any
significant unplanned downtime or material disruption at one of our production facilities or logistics operations may adversely
affect our business, financial condition and results of operations, and the age of our manufacturing facilities increases the risk
for unplanned downtime, which may be significant  in the Form 10 for more information. 

Recent Developments  

Fourth Quarter 2016 Plant Turnaround   

On October 31, 2016, the Company announced that its planned fourth quarter 2016 turnaround activities would
be extended due to additional, unplanned maintenance of its ammonia plant within its Hopewell, VA facility. The extensive planned
turnaround activities, which were coordinated across numerous operating units within its Frankford, Hopewell and Chesterfield sites,
began in early October. The ammonia plant turnaround began on October 17, 2016 and was planned to last for 20 days, but is now
expected to continue for an additional two weeks to address significant inspection findings regarding a code regulated pressure
vessel. As a result of this incremental extended outage, the Company expects the impact to fourth quarter 2016 pre-tax income to
be in the range of $20 to $25 million, inclusive of lost sales, reduced fixed cost absorption, additional raw material costs, and
repair expenses. The Company is working with its customers and suppliers to mitigate the impact of the extended turnaround. The
fourth quarter 2016 plant turnaround activities had no adverse impact on third quarter 2016 financial results. 

Separation from Honeywell   

On October 1, 2016, Honeywell International Inc. ( Honeywell )
completed the previously announced separation of AdvanSix. The separation was completed by Honeywell distributing all of the then
outstanding shares of common stock of AdvanSix on October 1, 2016 (the  Distribution Date ) through a dividend in kind
of AdvanSix common stock, par value $0.01, to holders of Honeywell common stock as of the close of business on the record date
of September 16, 2016 who held their shares through the Distribution Date (the  Spin-Off ). 

Each Honeywell stockholder who held their shares through the
Distribution Date received one share of AdvanSix common stock for every 25 shares of Honeywell common stock held at the close of
business on the record date of September 16, 2016. The separation was completed pursuant to a Separation and Distribution Agreement
and other agreements with Honeywell related to the separation, including an Employee Matters Agreement, a Tax Matters Agreement,
and Transition Services Agreement, each of which was filed as an exhibit to our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission ( SEC ) on September 28, 2016, as well as Site Sharing and Services Agreements for Chesterfield,
Colonial Heights and Pottsville, each of which was filed as an exhibit to our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on
October 3, 2016. These agreements govern the relationship between AdvanSix and Honeywell following the separation and provide for
the allocation of various assets, liabilities, rights and obligations. These agreements also include arrangements for transition
services to be provided by Honeywell to AdvanSix, and AdvanSix to Honeywell. A description of the material terms and conditions
of these agreements can be found in the section titled  Certain Relationships and Related Party Transactions  of the
Company s Information Statement filed as Exhibit 99.1 to Amendment No. 5 to the Registration Statement of AdvanSix Inc. on
Form 10 dated and filed with the SEC on September 7, 2016 and declared effective by the SEC on September 8, 2016 (the  Form
10 ). 

On October 3, 2016, AdvanSix stock began  regular-way 
trading on the New York Stock Exchange under the  ASIX  stock symbol. 

Results of Operations   

 (Dollars in thousands, unless otherwise noted) 

Sales  

The change in sales compared to the prior year period is attributable
to the following: 

Sales decreased for the three months ended September 30,
2016 compared to the prior year period by $11.9 million or approximately 3.5%. Prices decreased primarily due to
(i) increased global supply relative to demand affecting ammonium sulfate, caprolactam and resins market based pricing
(approximately 5% impact) and (ii) lower prices for the raw materials used to manufacture caprolactam and resins impacting
formula based pricing (approximately 2% impact). The revenue decrease was partially offset by increased volumes for the three
months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the prior year period due to improved production rates at our
manufacturing locations. 

Sales decreased for the nine months ended September 30, 2016
compared to the prior year period by $81.3 million or approximately 8.0%. Prices decreased primarily due to (i) lower prices of
the raw materials used to manufacture our intermediate chemicals, caprolactam and resins impacting formula based pricing (approximately 6% impact), (ii) market based pricing pressure in the aforementioned
end-markets (approximately 4% impact) and (iii) the impact of unfavorable industry conditions for nitrogen fertilizers on ammonium sulfate
pricing (approximately 3% impact). The revenue decrease was partially offset by increased volumes for the nine months ended September
30, 2016 compared to the prior year period due to improved production rates at our manufacturing locations. 

Costs of Goods Sold  

Costs of goods sold decreased in the three months
ended September 30, 2016 compared to the prior year period by $4.9 million or approximately 1.7%, primarily due to (i) a drop
in the raw material prices, particularly cumene and sulfur (approximately 4% favorable impact) and (ii) decreased plant
costs (approximately 1% favorable impact), partially offset by higher sales volume driven by improved plant
performance (approximately 3% unfavorable impact). 

Gross margin percentage decreased by 1.7% in the three months
ended September 30, 2016 compared to the prior year period primarily due to (i) the declining market pricing partially offset by
raw material pricing (approximately 3% unfavorable impact) and (ii) the impact of other costs discussed above (approximately 1%
favorable impact). 

Costs of goods sold decreased in the nine months
ended September 30, 2016 compared to the prior year period by $95.7 million or approximately 10.6%, primarily due to (i) a
drop in raw materials prices, particularly cumene, sulfur and natural gas (approximately 11% favorable impact),
(ii) the termination of a long-term supply agreement in the first quarter (approximately 2% favorable impact) and (iii)
lower utilities and other variable costs (approximately 1% favorable impact), partially offset by improved plant operating
performance in the nine months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to the prior year period (approximately 3% unfavorable
impact). 

Gross margin percentage increased by 2.5% in the nine months
ended September 30, 2016 compared to the prior year period primarily due to (i) improved plant operating performance (approximately
4% favorable impact) and (ii) the benefits from the termination of a long-term supply agreement in the first quarter (approximately
2% favorable impact), partially offset by the net impact of pricing over raw material costs (approximately 3% unfavorable impact). 

Selling, General and Administrative Expenses  

Selling, general and administrative expenses decreased by $2.9
million and $5.3 million in the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively, compared to the prior year periods
primarily driven by (i) a lower provision on allowance for doubtful accounts and (ii) a decrease in costs related to legal, accounting,
and other infrastructure and shared facilities that were allocated to the Company from Honeywell on the basis of sales. 

Tax Expense  

The Company s effective tax rate for the three and nine months
ended September 30, 2016 was higher compared to the U.S. federal statutory rate due primarily
to state taxes and, to a lesser extent, losses incurred in foreign jurisdictions with rates lower than the U.S. federal statutory
rate, partially offset by the federal tax credit for research activities. The domestic manufacturing credit lowered the Company s
effective tax rate for the nine months ended September 30, 2016. The benefit from the domestic manufacturing credit was lower for
the three months ended September 30, 2016 due to lower estimated taxable income for the full year 2016 upon which such deductions
are calculated, which had the effect of increasing the Company s tax provision for the three months ended September 30, 2016. 

For the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, there
were no unrecognized tax benefits recorded by the Company. Although there are no unrecognized income tax benefits, when applicable,
the Company s policy is to report interest expense related to unrecognized income tax benefits in the income tax provision. 

Net Income  

As a result of the factors described above, our net income was
$16.5 million and $58.9 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively, as compared to $20.4 million
and $48.4 million in the corresponding prior year periods. 

Non-GAAP Measures   

 (Dollars in thousands, unless otherwise noted) 

The following tables set forth the non-GAAP financial measures
of EBITDA and EBITDA margin. EBITDA is defined as Net Income before Interest, Income Taxes, Depreciation and Amortization. EBITDA
margin is equal to EBITDA divided by Sales. The Company believes these non-GAAP financial measures provide meaningful supplemental
information as they are used by the Company s management to evaluate the Company s operating performance, enhance a
reader s understanding of the financial performance of the Company, and facilitate a better comparison among fiscal periods
and performance relative to its competitors, as the non-GAAP measures exclude items that are not considered core to the Company s
operations. These non-GAAP results are presented for supplemental informational purposes only and should not be considered a substitute
for the financial information presented in accordance with GAAP. Non-GAAP financial measures should be read only in conjunction
with the comparable GAAP financial measures. The following is a reconciliation between the non-GAAP financial measures of EBITDA
and EBITDA margin to their most directly comparable GAAP financial measure: 

Liquidity and Capital Resources   

 (Dollars in thousands, unless otherwise noted) 

We believe that cash balances, together with a portion of the
cash proceeds under our Credit Agreement and operating cash flows will provide adequate funds to support our current annual operating
plan, subject to the risks and uncertainties outlined below and in the risk factors as previously disclosed in our Form 10. Our
principal source of liquidity is our cash flow generated from operating activities, which is expected to provide us with the ability
to meet the majority of our short-term funding requirements. Our operating cash flows are affected by capital requirements and
production volume as well as the prices of our raw materials and
general economic and industry trends. We monitor the third-party depository institutions that hold our cash and cash equivalents.
Our emphasis is primarily on safety of principal and secondarily on maximizing yield on those funds. We diversify our cash and
cash equivalents among counterparties to minimize exposure to any one of these entities. 

On a recurring basis, our primary future cash needs will be centered
on operating activities, working capital, capital expenditures and environmental compliance costs, employee benefit obligations,
interest payments, debt repayment and strategic acquisitions. We believe that our future cash from operations, together with our
access to funds on hand and credit and capital markets, will provide adequate resources to fund our expected operating and financing
needs. Our ability to fund our capital needs, however, will depend on our ongoing ability to generate cash from operations and
access to credit and capital markets, which are subject to the risk factors previously disclosed in our Form 10, as well as general
economic, financial, competitive, regulatory and other factors that are beyond our control. 

We assumed all health, safety and environmental ( HSE )
liabilities and compliance obligations related to the past and future operations of our current business, as well as all HSE liabilities
associated with our three current manufacturing locations and the other locations used in our current operations, including any
cleanup or other liabilities related to any contamination that may have occurred at such properties in the past. Although we have
ongoing environmental remedial obligations at certain of our 

facilities, in the past three years, the associated remediation
costs have not been material, and we do not expect our known remediation costs to be material for 2016. 

We incurred indebtedness in the aggregate principal amount of
approximately $270 million in the form of a term loan, the net proceeds of which were distributed to Honeywell substantially concurrent
with the consummation of the Spin-Off. We also entered into a $155 million revolving credit facility for our working capital and
other cash needs and drew down $40 million, before fees, under this facility substantially concurrent with the Spin-Off. We will
require cash to fund interest payments in respect of this indebtedness and borrowings under the revolving credit facility. 

We expect that our primary cash requirements for the remainder
of 2016 will be to fund costs associated with planned plant outages, capital expenditures and a nominal potential defined benefit
pension plan funding contribution. 

Cash Flow Summary  

Cash provided by operating activities decreased by
$3.4 million primarily due to (1) a $23.8 million unfavorable impact from net working capital outflows driven by the timing
of sales on the accounts receivable balance and (2) a $14.4 million  net increase in other assets and liabilities and accrued liabilities, primarily driven by a $10.9 million increase in non-current assets related to our
contributions to the Hopewell regional wastewater treatment facility, partially offset by (1) a $21.6 million net decrease in deferred
income taxes, (2) a $10.4 million increase in net income, and (3) $2.6 higher depreciation and amortization expense. 

Cash used for investing activities decreased
by $11.1 million primarily due to a decrease in capital expenditures of $11.0 million. 

Cash provided by financing activities increased
by $30.2 million primarily due to the $270.0 million proceeds from the Term Loan and $40.0 million of borrowings from the Revolving
Credit Facility, offset by $269.3 million distributed to Honeywell in connection with the Spin-Off, a $7.9 million larger reduction
in invested equity, and $2.8 million of financing fees related to the Credit Agreement. 

Credit Agreement  

For information regarding our Credit Agreement,
refer to Note 10  Long-term Debt and Credit Arrangements  to the unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements in Part
I of this Report. Under the terms of the Credit Agreement, we are subject to restrictive covenants that limit our ability, among
other things, to incur additional indebtedness, pay dividends or make other distributions, and consolidate, merge, sell or otherwise
dispose of assets, as well as financial covenants that require us to maintain interest coverage and leverage ratios at levels specified
in the Credit Agreement. These covenants may limit how we conduct our business, and in the event of certain defaults, our repayment
obligations may be accelerated. 

Contractual Obligations   
 (Dollars in thousands, unless otherwise noted) 

(1)  Long-Term Debt - Principal repayments: refer to Note 10  Long-term Debt and Credit Arrangements  to the unaudited
Consolidated Financial Statements in Part I of this Report. Interest payments are estimated based on the interest rate applicable
at the commencement date of the Credit Agreement and scheduled principal repayments over the full term of the Term Loan; and assuming
that borrowings under the Revolving Credit Facility are repaid at termination.   

(2)  Transition Services Agreement: On September 28, 2016, in connection with, and as a condition to the Spin-Off, Honeywell and
AdvanSix Inc. entered into a Transition Services Agreement (the  Transition Services Agreement ). Pursuant to the Transition
Services Agreement, Honeywell agreed to provide AdvanSix Inc. with, among other things, certain information technology, human resource,
financial, health, safety and environmental, sales, product stewardship, operations and manufacturing, procurement, customer support,
legal and contractual, trade compliance, supply chain and logistics, and real estate services for a limited period of time after
the consummation of the Spin-Off (ranging from two months to two years depending on the service), in exchange for the minimum fees
set forth in the Transition Services Agreement. Additionally, AdvanSix Inc. entered into a separate agreement with Honeywell to
provide similar services with respect to certain non-US premises of the Company.   

(3)  The  payment amounts in the table only reflect the environmental compliance costs which we have accrued
as probable and reasonably estimable as of September 30, 2016.    

(4)   Purchase obligations are entered into with various vendors in the normal course of business, which
are consistent with our expected requirements and primarily relate to cumene, oleum, sulfur and natural gas, as well as a long
term agreement for loading, unloading and handling of a portion of our ammonium sulfate export volumes.    

Capital Expenditures   

 (Dollars in thousands, unless otherwise noted )  

Our operations are capital intensive, requiring ongoing investments
that have consisted, and are expected to continue to consist, primarily of capital expenditures required to maintain and improve
equipment reliability, expand production capacity and comply with environmental and safety regulations. 

The following table summarizes ongoing and expansion capital
expenditures, including capital expenditures in accounts payable: 

For the full year 2016, we expect our total capital expenditures to be approximately $90 million. 

Critical Accounting Policies   

The preparation of our Consolidated Financial Statements in accordance
with GAAP is based on the selection and application of accounting policies that require us to make significant estimates and assumptions
about the effects of matters that are inherently uncertain. We consider these accounting policies to be critical to the understanding
of our Consolidated Financial Statements. For a full description of our critical accounting policies, see Management s Discussion
and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in the Form 10. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements   

As of September 30, 2016, we did not have any off-balance sheet
arrangements as defined in Item 303(a)(4)(ii) of Regulation S-K and did not have any commitments or contractual obligations other
than those detailed above. We have not guaranteed any debt or commitments of other entities or entered into any options on non-financial
assets. 

ITEM 3. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE
DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK   

Interest Rate Risk  

Our exposure to risk based on changes in interest rates relates
primarily to our Credit Agreement. We have not used derivative financial instruments in our investment portfolio. The Credit Agreement
bears interest at floating rates. For variable rate debt, interest rate changes generally do not affect the fair market value of
such debt assuming all other factors remain constant, but do impact future earnings and cash flows. Accordingly, we may be exposed
to interest rate risk on borrowings under the Credit Agreement. Had our borrowings under the Credit Agreement as of September 30,
2016 been outstanding for the whole of the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, a 25 basis point increase in interest
rates would have increased our interest expense by approximately $0.2 million and $0.6 million, respectively, compared to the amount
of interest that would have been incurred in such period based on the rates of interest in effect at September 30, 2016. Conversely,
had our borrowings under the Credit Agreement as of September 30, 2016 been outstanding for the whole of the three and nine months
ended September 30, 2016, a 25 basis point decrease in interest rates would have reduced interest expense by approximately $0.2
million and $0.6 million, respectively, compared to the amount of interest that would have been incurred in such period based on
the rates of interest in effect at September 30, 2016. For additional information regarding our Credit Agreement, refer to Note
10  Long-term Debt and Credit Arrangements  to the unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements in Part I of this Report. 

ITEM 4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES  

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures  

The Company maintains a system of disclosure controls and procedures
designed to give reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed in the company s reports filed or submitted under
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act ) is recorded, processed, summarized and reported
within the time periods specified in the rules and forms of the SEC and that such information is accumulated and communicated
to management to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures. 

Management recognizes that any disclosure controls and procedures,
no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving their objectives. Because there are
inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and
instances of fraud have been or will be detected. 

Our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, with
the assistance of other members of our management, conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of the Company s disclosure
controls and procedures (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) as of the end of the
period covered by this quarterly report. Based upon such evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have
concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures are effective at a reasonable assurance level as of the end of the period
covered by this quarterly report. 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting  

Management has not identified any change in the Company s
internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the quarter ended September 30, 2016 that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 

PART II. OTHER INFORMATION  

ITEM 1. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS  

From time to time, we are involved in litigation relating to
claims arising out of the ordinary course of our business operations. We are not a party to, and, to our knowledge, there are not
threats of any claims or actions against us, the ultimate disposition of which would have a material adverse effect on our consolidated
results of operations or liquidity. 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS   

There have been no material changes to our risk factors as previously
disclosed in our Information Statement filed as Exhibit 99.1 to Amendment No. 5 to the Registration Statement of AdvanSix Inc.
on Form 10, dated and filed with the SEC on September 7, 2016, and declared effective by the SEC on September 8, 2016. 

ITEM 6. EXHIBITS  

Exhibit   
       
       Description    
 
      Exhibit 2.1  
       
      Separation and Distribution Agreement, dated as of September 22, 2016, between Honeywell International Inc. and AdvanSix Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 28, 2016).   
 
      Exhibit 3.1  
       
      Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of AdvanSix Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 3, 2016).   
 
      Exhibit 3.2  
       
      Amended and Restated By-laws of AdvanSix Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 3, 2016).   
 
      Exhibit 10.1  
       
      Transition Services Agreement, dated as of September 28, 2016, between Honeywell International Inc. and AdvanSix Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 28, 2016).   
 
      Exhibit 10.2  
       
      Tax Matters Agreement, dated as of September 22, 2016, between Honeywell International Inc. and AdvanSix Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 28, 2016).   
 
      Exhibit 10.3  
       
      Employee Matters Agreement, dated as of September 22, 2016, between Honeywell International Inc. and AdvanSix Inc.   (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 28, 2016).   
 
      Exhibit 10.4  
       
      Chesterfield Site Sharing and Services Agreement, dated as of October 1, 2016, between Honeywell International Inc. and AdvanSix Resins   Chemicals LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 3, 2016).   
 
      Exhibit 10.5  
       
      Colonial Heights Site Sharing and Services Agreement, dated as of October 1, 2016, between Honeywell International Inc. and AdvanSix Resins   Chemicals LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 3, 2016).   
 
      Exhibit 10.6  
       
      Pottsville Site Sharing and Services Agreement, dated as of October 1, 2016, between Honeywell International Inc. and AdvanSix Resins   Chemicals LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 3, 2016).   
 
      Exhibit 10.7  
       
      Credit Agreement, dated as of September 30, 2016, among AdvanSix Inc., each lender from time to time party thereto, each swing line lender party thereto, each L/C issuer party thereto and Bank of America, N.A. as the administrative agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 3, 2016).   
 
      Exhibit 10.8  
       
      Offer of Employment Letter between Honeywell International Inc. and Erin N. Kane, dated April 19, 2016 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 to the Company s Amendment No. 1 to Form 10 filed on July 25, 2016).     
 
      Exhibit 10.9  
       
      Offer of Employment Letter between Honeywell International Inc. and Michael Preston, dated May 13, 2016 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.11 to the Company s Amendment No. 1 to Form 10 filed on July 25, 2016).     
 
      Exhibit 10.10  
       
      Offer of Employment Letter between Honeywell International Inc. and John M. Quitmeyer, dated May 25, 2016 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.12 to the Company s Amendment No. 1 to Form 10 filed on July 25, 2016).     
 
      Exhibit 10.11  
       
      Offer of Employment Letter between Honeywell International Inc. and Jonathan Bellamy, dated May 16, 2016 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10 to the Company s Amendment No. 1 to Form 10 filed on July 25, 2016).     
 
      Exhibit 10.12  
       
      Offer Letter between AdvanSix Inc. and Christopher Gramm, dated as of August 19, 2016   ( incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 3, 2016).      
 
      Exhibit 10.13  
       
      2016 Stock Incentive Plan of AdvanSix Inc. and its Affiliates (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 3, 2016).     
 
      Exhibit 10.14  
       
      Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement for Executive Officers under the AdvanSix Inc. 2016 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 3, 2016).     
 
      Exhibit 10.15  
       
      Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement for Non-Employee Directors under the AdvanSix Inc. 2016 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 3, 2016).     

Exhibit 10.16  
       
      Amended and Restated Caprolactam and Polymer Supply Agreement dated as of April 1, 2013, by and between Honeywell Resins   Chemicals LLC and Shaw Industries Group, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to Amendment No. 1 to the Registration Statement of AdvanSix Inc. on Form 10 dated and filed with the SEC on July 25, 2016). *   
 
      Exhibit 10.17  
       
      First Amendment to the Amended and Restated Caprolactam and Polymer Supply Agreement dated as of July 18, 2013, by and between Honeywell Resins   Chemicals LLC and Shaw Industries Group, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to Amendment No. 1 to the Registration Statement of AdvanSix Inc. on Form 10 dated and filed with the SEC on July 25, 2016). *   
 
      Exhibit 10.18  
       
      Second Amendment to the Amended and Restated Caprolactam and Polymer Supply Agreement dated as of November 15, 2013, by and between Honeywell Resins   Chemicals LLC and Shaw Industries Group, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to Amendment No. 1 to the Registration Statement of AdvanSix Inc. on Form 10 dated and filed with the SEC on July 25, 2016). *   
 
      Exhibit 10.19  
       
      Third Amendment to the Amended and Restated Caprolactam and Polymer Supply Agreement dated as of December 12, 2014, by and between Honeywell Resins   Chemicals LLC and Shaw Industries Group, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to Amendment No. 1 to the Registration Statement of AdvanSix Inc. on Form 10 dated and filed with the SEC on July 25, 2016). *   
 
      Exhibit 10.20  
       
      Fourth Amendment to the Amended and Restated Caprolactam and Polymer Supply Agreement dated as of January 13, 2016, by and between Honeywell Resins   Chemicals LLC and Shaw Industries Group, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to Amendment No. 1 to the Registration Statement of AdvanSix Inc. on Form 10 dated and filed with the SEC on July 25, 2016). *   
 
      Exhibit 21.1  
       
      List of subsidiaries of AdvanSix Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 21.1 to Amendment No. 4 to the Registration Statement of AdvanSix Inc. on Form 10 dated and filed with the SEC on August 31, 2016 and effective as of September 8, 2016).   
 
      Exhibit 31.1  
       
      Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification of the Company s Principal Executive Officer.   
 
      Exhibit 31.2  
       
      Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification of the Company s Principal Financial Officer.   
 
      Exhibit 32.1  
       
      Section 1350 Certification of the Company s Principal Executive Officer. The information contained in this Exhibit shall not be deemed filed with the SEC nor incorporated by reference in any registration statement filed by the registrant under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.    
 
      Exhibit 32.2  
       
      Section 1350 Certification of the Company s Principal Financial Officer. The information contained in this Exhibit shall not be deemed filed with the SEC nor incorporated by reference in any registration statement filed by the registrant under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.    
 
      Exhibit 99.1  
       
      Information Statement of AdvanSix Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 to Amendment No. 5 to  the Registration Statement of AdvanSix Inc. on Form 10 dated and filed with the SEC on September 7, 2016 and effective as of September 8, 2016).   
 
      Exhibit 99.2  
       
      Pertinent pages from Honeywell International Inc. s Proxy Statement, dated March 10, 2016, filed pursuant to Rule 14a-6 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.2 to the Registration Statement of AdvanSix Inc. on Form 10 dated and filed with the SEC on May 12, 2016).   
 
      Exhibit 99.3  
       
      Pertinent pages from the Annual Report of Honeywell International Inc. on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015, filed pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.3 to the Registration Statement of AdvanSix Inc. on Form 10 dated and filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 12, 2016).   
 
      Exhibit 101  
       
      Interactive Data   

Indicates management contract
or compensatory plan. 

* 
 Portions of this exhibit (indicated by asterisks) have been omitted pursuant
to a request for confidential treatment and the omitted portions have been filed separately with the SEC.  

SIGNATURE  

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

ADVANSIX INC.   

Date: November 10, 2016  
      By:  
      /s/ Michael Preston   

Michael Preston    

Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer    

<EX-31.1>
 2
 c86429_ex31-1.htm

Exhibit 31.1  

CERTIFICATIONS  

I, Erin N. Kane, certify that: 

1.    I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of AdvanSix Inc.;    

2.    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement
of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under
which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;    

3.    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial
information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and
cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;    

4.    The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for
establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for
the registrant and have:    

a.    Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such
disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant,
including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in
which this report is being prepared;    

b.    Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls
and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures,
as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and    

c.    Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal
quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting; and    

5.    The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based
on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee
of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):    

a.    All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design
or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability
to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and    

b.    Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other
employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.    

Date: November 10, 2016 

/s/ Erin N. Kane  

Erin N. Kane  

President and Chief Executive Officer  

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 c86429_ex31-2.htm

Exhibit 31.2  

CERTIFICATIONS   

I, Michael Preston, certify that: 

1.    I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of AdvanSix Inc.;    

2.    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement
of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under
which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;    

3.    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial
information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and
cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;    

4.    The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for
establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for
the registrant and have:    

a.    Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such
disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant,
including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in
which this report is being prepared;    

b.    Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls
and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures,
as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and    

c.    Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal
quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting; and    

5.    The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based
on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee
of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):    

a.    All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design
or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability
to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and    

b.    Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other
employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.    

Date: November 10, 2016 

/s/ Michael Preston  

Michael Preston   

Chief Financial Officer   

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 c86429_ex32-1.htm

Exhibit 32.1  

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION
1350  

  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF
THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  

In connection with the Quarterly Report of AdvanSix Inc. ( the
Company ) on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2016, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on
the date hereof (the  Report ), the undersigned hereby certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted
pursuant to section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of my knowledge: 

1. the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a)
or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

2. the information contained in the Report fairly presents,
in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: November 10, 2016 

/s/ Erin N. Kane  

Erin N. Kane  

President and Chief Executive Officer  

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 c86429_ex32-2.htm

Exhibit 32.2  

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION
1350  

  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF
THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  

In connection with the Quarterly Report of AdvanSix Inc. ( the
Company ) on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2016, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on
the date hereof (the  Report ), the undersigned hereby certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted
pursuant to section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of my knowledge: 

1. the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a)
or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

2. the information contained in the Report fairly presents,
in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: November 10, 2016 

/s/ Michael Preston  

Michael Preston   

Chief Financial Officer   

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 asix-20160930.xml

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 asix-20160930.xsd

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 asix-20160930_cal.xml

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 asix-20160930_def.xml

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 asix-20160930_lab.xml

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 asix-20160930_pre.xml

</EX-101.PRE>

