<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161024_10-Q_edgar_data_1476170_0001564590-16-025987_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>10310122</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>837550</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>468200</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2804947</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3153030</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2173079</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>34</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>24</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001564590-16-025987.hdr.sgml : 20161024
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161024060444
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001564590-16-025987
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		114
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160331
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161024
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161024

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Unilife Corp
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001476170
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SURGICAL & MEDICAL INSTRUMENTS & APPARATUS [3841]
		IRS NUMBER:				271049354
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0630

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-34540
		FILM NUMBER:		161947172

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		250 CROSS FARM LANE
		CITY:			YORK
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			17406
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(717) 384-3400

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		250 CROSS FARM LANE
		CITY:			YORK
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			17406

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001564590-16-025987.txt : 20161024

10-Q
 1
 unis-10q_20160331.htm
 UNIS-10Q-20160331

unis-10q_20160331.htm

UNITED STATES  
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION  
 Washington, D.C. 20549  
   
 FORM 10-Q  
   
 (Mark One)  

For the quarterly period ended March 31, 2016  
 OR  

For the transition period from                        to                         
 Commission file number 001-34540  
   
 UNILIFE CORPORATION  
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)  

Delaware  
 
 27-1049354  

(State or other jurisdiction of 
 incorporation or organization)  
 
 (I.R.S. Employer 
 Identification No.)  

250 Cross Farm Lane, York, Pennsylvania 17406  
 (Address of principal executive offices)  
 Telephone: (717) 384-3400  
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code)  

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.    Yes           No        
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).    Yes           No        
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer or a smaller reporting company. See definition of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.  

Large accelerated filer  

Accelerated filer  

Non-accelerated filer  

Smaller reporting company  

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).    Yes           No         
 As of October 17, 2016, 17,342,043 shares of the registrant s common stock were outstanding. Such amount reflects a 1-for-10 reverse split of the registrant s common stock effected on May 13, 2016.  

Explanatory Note  
 Unilife Corporation (the  Company,   we,   our  or  us ) is filing this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (this  Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q  or the  March 2016 10-Q ) for the fiscal quarter ended March 31, 2016.   
 On May 8, 2016, the Company announced an investigation into violations of the Company s policies and procedures and possible violations of law and regulation by the Company s former Chief Executive Officer, Alan Shortall, whose employment with the Company ceased on March 11, 2016, and its former Chairman, Jim Bosnjak, who  resigned from the Company s Board of Directors (the  Board ) on August 24, 2015  (the  Investigation ).  
 The Investigation identified certain related party and other transactions which the Company had not previously publicly disclosed or recorded in its financial statements.  As a result of the Investigation, the Company was not able to timely file the March 2016 10-Q. Also, as the result of Investigation, the Company was not able to timely file its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2016 (the  2016 10-K ). Therefore, the Company is filing the March 2016 10-Q and is concurrently filing the 2016 10-K along with (i)  a n amendment   to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2015 (the  September 2015 10-Q Amendment  (ii) an amendment to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended December 31, 2015 (the  December 2015 10-Q Amendment  and (iii) an amendment to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2015 (the  2015 10-K Amendment ).  These amendments are being made to correct immaterial errors in the previously reported financial statements and to disclose certain material weaknesses in the Company s internal control over financial reporting and disclosure controls and procedures.  See  Explanatory Note    Summary of Amendments  below for a summary of  the specific amendments reflected in the September 2015 10-Q Amendment, the December 2015 10-Q Amendment and the 2015 10-K Amendment. 
 Common Stock Reverse Stock Split 
 On May 13, 2016, pursuant to prior stockholder authorization, the Company effected a reverse split of the Company s common stock, pursuant to which every ten (10) shares of common stock outstanding before the reverse split were converted into one (1) share of common stock after the reverse split. All share and per share amounts, and exercise and conversion prices for all periods presented herein have been adjusted to reflect the reverse split as if it had occurred at the beginning of the first period presented.   
 Background and Results of the Investigation  
 T he Company announced the Investigation on May 8, 2016.  The Board established a Special Committee to oversee the Investigation. Independent counsel conducted the Investigation with the assistance of an advisory firm with forensic accounting expertise. The Investigation was completed on October 7, 2016.  
 Set forth below is a summary of the final results of the Investigation, all of which have been previously disclosed.  
 Bosnjak Mortgage Correspondence 
 In 2015, Mr. Shortall and Mr. Bosnjak, without authorization from or knowledge of the Company or its Board, caused to be transmitted to a mortgage broker for Mr. Shortall correspondence from Mr. Bosnjak that contained inaccurate statements about the Company s financial support for Mr. Shortall s purchase of and relocation to a new home.   The investigation into the matters described in this paragraph did not identify any financial loss to the Company and the Company has corrected the inaccurate statements to the mortgage broker.  
 Shortall Fund Transfers  
 Mr. Shortall deposited $2,264,475 (the  Shortall Funds ) of his own funds into the Company s bank account on June 29, 2015 and then caused the Company to disburse from the Shortall Funds $1,351,553 to third parties to complete Mr. Shortall s purchase of his new home on July 23, 2015, and the remainder back to himself on July 28, 2015.  
 2 

In addition to the Shortall Funds, during fiscal years 2013 through 2016, under Mr. Shortall s direction, the Company accepted che  cks and wires from Mr. Shortall in the aggregate amount of approximately $340,000 and disbursed the same amount of funds to Mr. Shortall or his designees but did not deposit such checks or receive such wires from Mr. Shortall until five days to thirty-six   days after the Company s disbursement of the funds.  The Company believes such transactions constituted loans from the Company to Mr. Shortall.  In addition, Mr. Shortall wired funds and provided personal checks to the Company in the aggregate amount of ap  proximately $253,000, not including the Shortall Funds, which wires and checks the Company received and deposited, as applicable, prior to or within a day of the Company disbursing the same amounts to Mr. Shortall.    T  he transfers noted in this paragraph   ar  e referred to   collectively   herein as  , the  Shortall Fund Transfers .  
 The investigation into the matters described in this section entitled  Shortall Fund Transfers  did not identify any financial loss to the Company. 
 Bosnjak Payments to Mr. Shortall 
 Mr. Shortall and Mr. Bosnjak failed to disclose to the Company $170,000 in personal payments during 2011 from Mr. Bosnjak to Mr. Shortall which payments did not involve Company funds, and also failed to disclose that, during the period from 2010 to Mr. Bosnjak s resignation, Mr. Shortall, for reasons that the Company has been unable to determine, expected to be paid or loaned substantial amounts of money by Mr. Bosnjak.  The investigation into the matters described in this paragraph did not involve Company funds and did not identify any financial loss to the Company. 
 Bosnjak Loan Payments and Unreimbursed Personal Expenses  
 Between July 2014 and July 2015, Mr. Shortall caused approximately $62,000 in Company funds to be transmitted to a third party, which fund transmittals the Company believes were made for the purpose of satisfying certain of Mr. Bosnjak s commitments to pay interest to such third party on a loan secured by some of Mr. Bosnjak s shares of Company stock (the  Bosnjak Loan Payments ). The Company believes that the Bosnjak Loan Payments constituted loans from the Company to Mr. Bosnjak, and the Company is evaluating potential actions to recover these funds. 
 From fiscal 2013 through fiscal 2016, Mr. Shortall caused the Company to pay for personal expenses, approximately $88,000 of which was not repaid to the Company (the  Unreimbursed Personal Expenses ). The Company believes the Unreimbursed Personal Expenses constituted loans from the Company to Mr. Shortall, and the Company has demanded repayment of the Unreimbursed Personal Expenses. 
 Other than as described in this section entitled  Bosnjak Loan Payments and Unreimbursed Personal Expenses,  the Investigation did not identify any financial loss to the Company.  The Company is evaluating claims it may have arising from matters identified by the Investigation as well as any additional actions it may determine to pursue with respect to these claims.  With respect to the Bosnjak Loan Payments and Unreimbursed Personal Expenses, because collection of such amounts is uncertain, the Company recorded these amounts in the applicable periods as Selling, General and Administrative Expense. 
 Advanced Withholding Payments 
 In March 2016, July 2015 and December 2014, in connection with the vesting of restricted shares of the Company s common stock, the Company paid associated withholding taxes on behalf of three executive officers, its Vice President of Quality and Regulatory Affairs and Chief Compliance Officer, its Senior Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer, and its former President and Chief Operating Officer, in an aggregate amount of approximately $240,000 prior to being reimbursed by such executive officers. With the exception of one $400 underpayment, which the Company collected in July 2016, such executive officers repaid the Company in full within a range of 18 to 120 days from the date of the withholding payment. The Company believes such advances constituted loans.  
 Founder Transactions 
 The Company investigated (the  Founders  Shares Investigation ) certain issues related to the November 2009 issuance (the  UMSL Share Issuance ) of shares by Unilife Medical Solutions Limited ( UMSL ) to one of the Company s founding shareholders, Roger Williamson, and whether Mr. Shortall may have been a beneficial owner of the UMSL shares or the CHESS Depositary Interests ( CDIs ) issued by the Company (the  Founder CDIs ) in exchange for the UMSL shares in connection with UMSL s redomiciliation from Australia to Delaware in January 2010. 
 In connection with the Founders  Shares Investigation, the Company determined that the UMSL Share Issuance was a valid corporate action. While the Company believes as a result of the Investigation that Mr. Shortall had business relationships unrelated to the Company with Mr. Williamson, the Company did not find sufficient evidence to conclude that Mr. Shortall was the beneficial owner of the Founder CDIs.   
 3 

The Company initially disclosed the UMSL Share Issuance in its Registration Statement on Form 10, which became effective on Februa  ry 11, 2010 (the  Form 10 ). In connection with the Founders  Shares Investigation, the Company discovered that, as of the effective date of the Form 10, Mr. Williamson was the beneficial owner of 21,782,241 CDIs, representing approximately 6.75% of the Co  mpany s common stock, but lacks access to sufficient information to determine whether Mr. Williamson was the beneficial owner of additional Company securities.      The Form 10 did not disclose Mr. Williamson s beneficial ownership of Company securities.    
 The Founders  Shares Investigation did not identify any financial loss to the Company.  
 The Company has reported information regarding the Investigation to the SEC. 
   Controls and Procedures Considerations 
 Management, under the supervision of the Company s new CEO and the Company s CFO, and oversight of the Board, conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of March 31, 2016 based on the COSO 1992 Framework.  Based on this evaluation, management has determined that under the oversight of the Board and the leadership of Mr. Shortall, the Company did not have an effective control environment, risk assessment process, information and communication process and monitoring activities.  Additionally, because of the Company s findings from the Investigation, the Company is unable to rely on certain personnel, processes and internal controls, and as such, various material weaknesses existed at March 31, 2016.  In light of such material weaknesses, management has concluded that the Company s internal control over financial reporting was ineffective as of March 31, 2016.  In addition, the Company has concluded that, as of such dates, there were material weaknesses in the Company s disclosure controls and procedures (together with the material internal control weaknesses, the  Material Weaknesses ) as a result of the material internal control weaknesses.  
 The Company is committed to remediating the Material Weaknesses as promptly as possible and the implementation of the Company s remediation plans has commenced. See Part I, Item 4. Controls and Procedures below for additional information regarding the Material Weaknesses and such remediation process.     
 Summary of Amendments  
 As noted above, (i) the Company s receipt and disbursement of the Shortall Funds were not reflected in the Company s relevant financial statements originally filed with the SEC; (ii) none of the Company s receipt and disbursement of the Shortall Funds, the Shortall Fund Transfers,  the Bosnjak Loan Payments, the Unreimbursed Personal Expenses, or the Advanced Withholding Payments (collectively, the  Related Party Transactions )  was reflected in the Company s relevant related party disclosures originally filed with the SEC; and (iii) as a result of the Investigation,  management has determined that the Material Weaknesses existed as of June 30, 2015, as of the end of each of the first three quarters of fiscal 2016, and as of June 30, 2016.    
 As a result of the foregoing, the Company is filing the 2015 10-K Amendment, the September 2015 10-Q Amendment and the December 2015 10-Q Amendment.  These amendments are being made to correct immaterial errors in the previously reported financial statements and to disclose the Material Weaknesses.  In addition, the Material Weaknesses that existed as of March 31, 2016 and June 30, 2016 and the relevant Related Party Transactions are disclosed where appropriate in this March 2016 10-Q and the 2016 10-K.  The amended documents and this March 2016 10-Q and the 2016 10-K have all been filed concurrently. 
 The specific amendments reflected in the 2015 10-K Amendment, the September 2015 10-Q Amendment and the December 2015 10-Q Amendment are summarized below.  
 Amendments Reflected in the  2015 10-K Amendment   
 T he 2015 10-K Amendment is being filed by the Company to amend the following sections of the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended June 30, 2015:   

The Section entitled  Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Information : to add disclosure regarding certain risks;     

Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors: to add disclosure regarding certain risks;     

Part II, Item 6. Selected Financial Data: to record the related party restricted cash balance equal to the Shortall Funds ($2,264,475);     

 4 

Part II, Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data:   to correct the immaterial errors discovered as a result of the Investigation   to:      

o   
 
  record the related party restricted cash balance equal to the Shortall Funds ($2,264,475) and the same amount as due to a related party on the consolidated balance sheet and to record the receipt of  the Shortall funds and the corresponding amount due to a related party within the operating section of the Company s consolidated statement of cash flows;     

o   
 
  identify each of the Related Party Transactions as related party transactions and to add disclosure regarding the same; and     

o   
 
  amend the reports of the Company s independent registered public accounting firm, KPMG LLP, regarding the Company s internal control over financial reporting and financial statements;     

Part II, Item 9A. Controls and Procedures: to   amend management s   evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures and its   assessment of internal control over financial reporting to state that such controls were not effective as of June 30, 2015, disclose the Material Weaknesses at June 30, 2015, and discuss the Company s remediation plan;     

Part III, Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence: to identify each of the Related Party Transactions as related party transactions and to add disclosure regarding the same; and     

Part IV, Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules: to file a new consent of KPMG LLP and, a  s required by Rule 12b-15 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act ), file new certifications of our principal executive officer and principal financial officer as exhibits to the 2015 10-K Amendment.     

 Amendments Reflected in the  September 2015 10-Q Amendment   
 The following sections of the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for period ended September 30, 2015 are being amended pursuant to the  September 2015 10-Q Amendment : 

Part I, Item 1   Financial Statements   to correct the immaterial errors discovered as a result of the Investigation  :       

o   
 
  to amend the presentation of information for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2015 in the consolidated balance sheet to record the related party restricted cash balance equal to the Shortall Funds ($2,264,475) and the same amount as due to a related party;     

o   
 
  to amend the consolidated statement of cash flows to reflect the Company s disbursement of the Shortall Funds and the corresponding reduction of restricted cash all within the operating section of the consolidated statement of cash flows for the three months ended September 30, 2015; and     

o   
 
  to identify certain of the Related Party Transactions as related party transactions and to add disclosure regarding the same.     

Part I, Item 4   Controls and Procedures:  to   amend management s   evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures and its   assessment of internal control over financial reporting to state that such controls were not effective as of   September 30, 2015, disclose the Material Weaknesses at September 30, 2015, and discuss the Company s remediation plan  ; and     

Part II, Item 6   Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedule: to, a  s required by Rule 12b-15 under the Exchange Act, file new certifications of our principal executive officer and principal financial officer as exhibits to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2015.     

 Amendments Reflected in the  December 2015 10-Q Amendment  
 The following sections of the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for period ended December 31, 2015 are being amended pursuant to the  December 2015 10-Q Amendment:  

Part I, Item 1   Financial Statements   to correct the immaterial errors discovered as a result of the Investigation  :       

o   
 
  to amend the presentation of information for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2015 in the consolidated balance sheet to record the related party restricted cash balance equal to the Shortall Funds ($2,264,475) and the same amount as due to a related party;      

o   
 
  to amend the consolidated statement of cash flows to reflect the Company s disbursement of the Shortall Funds and the corresponding reduction of restricted cash all within the operating section of the consolidated statement of cash flows for the six months ended December 31, 2015;      

 5 

o   
 
        to identify   certain   of the Related Party Transactions as related party transactions and to add disclosure regarding the same; and     

o   
 
  to amend the interim review  Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm  therein to include a revised report of KPMG LLP.     

Part I, Item 4   Controls and Procedures:  to   amend management s   evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures and its   assessment of internal control over financial reporting to state that such controls were not effective as of   December 31, 2015, disclose the Material Weaknesses at December 31, 2015, and discuss the Company s remediation plan  ; and     

Part II, Item 6   Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedule: to, a  s required by Rule 12b-15 under the Exchange Act, file new certifications of our principal executive officer and principal financial officer as exhibits to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended December 31, 2015.     

 Management and Board Changes 
  The Company no longer has any business relationship with Mr. Shortall or Mr. Bosnjak.  As of March 11, 2016, (i) Mr. Shortall s employment as Chief Executive Officer of the Company ceased and Mr. Shortall resigned from his position as Chairman of the Board, (ii) the Board appointed Mary Kate Wold to serve as its new Chair, and (iii) the employment of Ramin Mojdeh, Ph.D. as the Company s President and Chief Operating Officer ceased.    
  Effective March 14, 2016, the Board appointed John Ryan as the Company s Interim President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company.  The Board subsequently  appointed Mr. Ryan as the Company s President and Chief Executive Officer and also appointed Mr. Ryan to serve as a member of the Board, in each case, effective July 28, 2016. 
 On July 25, 2016, the Company s employment of Mark Iampietro as the Company s Vice President of Quality and Regulatory Affairs and Chief Compliance Officer was ended by the Company without cause.  
 On July 28, 2016: 

the Board appointed Michael E. Kamarck to serve as a member of the Board;     

the Board appointed Ian Hanson as the Company s Chief Operating Officer in addition to his roles as the Company s Senior Vice President;      

due to results of the Investigation, Dennis P. Pyers was removed from his position as the Company s Senior Vice President, Controller, Treasurer and Chief Accounting Officer and was appointed as the Company s Senior Advisor, Special Projects;      

the Board appointed David Hastings as the Company s Chief Accounting Officer and Treasurer in addition to his roles as the Company s Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer;     

the Board appointed Stephanie Walters as Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary; and     

the Board appointed Molly Weaver, Ph.D., as Vice President of Quality and Regulatory Affairs and Chief Compliance Officer.     

 Investigation and Litigation Related to this Matter 
 The Company has reported the final results of the Investigation to the SEC and to The NASDAQ Stock Market LLC ( NASDAQ ), and the Company continues to cooperate fully with the SEC with respect to the SEC s ongoing investigation.  The SEC or other external parties could request further documents and information from the Company.  The Company and certain of its current and former directors and officers have also been named as defendants in a number of lawsuits filed in connection with the matters set forth in this Explanatory Note.  For information concerning the SEC s ongoing investigation and such lawsuits, see Part II, Item 1.  Legal Proceedings  of this March 2016 10-Q. 
 Matters Relating to NASDAQ and Our Common Stock and ASX and our CDIs 
   The filing of this March 2016 10-Q and the 2016 10-K were delayed as a result of the Investigation.  As a result of such delay, on May 17, 2016, the Company received a notice from the Listing Qualifications department of NASDAQ stating that, because the Company had not yet filed the March 2016 10-Q, the Company was no longer in compliance with NASDAQ Listing Rule 5250(c)(1), which requires listed companies to timely file all required periodic financial reports with the SEC.  The notice received from  
 6 

NASDAQ   stated that the Company had 60 calendar days from the date of the notice to submit a plan to regain compliance with NASDAQ s continued listing requirements.    
 On July 18, 2016, the Company timely submitted a plan to NASDAQ as to how it planned to regain compliance with NASDAQ s continued listing requirements.  The staff at NASDAQ subsequently granted the Company an exception to file the March 2016 10-Q and any other delinquent SEC filings on or before November 7, 2016 in order to enable the Company to regain compliance with the listing rules.   
 On September 19, 2016, the Company received a notice from the Listing Qualifications department of NASDAQ stating that, because the Company had not yet filed the 2016 10-K, the Company is not in compliance with NASDAQ Listing Rule 5250(c)(1).  The Company timely submitted to NASDAQ an updated compliance plan on October 4, 2016. 
 As noted above, the Company is concurrently filing with the SEC the March 2016 10-Q and the 2016 10-K with the 2015 10-K Amendment, the September 2015 10-Q Amendment and the December 2015 10-Q Amendment.  Consequently, the Company currently believes that it has adequately remedied its non-compliance with NASDAQ Listing Rule 5250(c)(1) within NASDAQ s terms of exception. However, there can be no assurance that NASDAQ will concur that we have remedied such non-compliance.   
 On October 17, 2016, the Company received a notice from the Listing Qualifications department of NASDAQ stating that, because the Company did not maintain a minimum Market Value of Listed Securities ( MVLS ) of $50,000,000 for the last 30 consecutive business days, the Company  was no longer in compliance with NASDAQ Listing Rule 5450(b)(2)(A).  
 The Company has been provided a period of 180 calendar days, or until April 17, 2017, to regain compliance with the minimum MVLS listing requirement.  If at any time on or before April 17, 2017, the MVLS of the Company s common stock closes at $50,000,000 or more for a minimum of 10 consecutive business days, NASDAQ will provide the Company with written confirmation that the Company has achieved compliance with the minimum MVLS listing requirement and the matter will be closed.   
 In the event that the Company does not regain compliance with the minimum MVLS listing requirement on or before April 17, 2017, NASDAQ will provide the Company with written notification that its securities are subject to delisting.  At that time, the Company would be permitted to appeal the delisting determination to a NASDAQ Hearings Panel or apply to transfer its common stock to The NASDAQ Capital Market (provided that it satisfied the requirement for continued listing on that market).   (See Part I, Item 1A Risk Factors of this 2016 10-K    We are not in compliance with the requirements of NASDAQ for continued listing, and if NASDAQ does not concur that we have adequately remedied our non-compliance with NASDAQ Listing Rule 5250(c)(1) or we do not adequately remedy our non-compliance with NASDAQ Listing Rule 5450(b)(2)(A), our common stock may be delisted from trading on NASDAQ, which could have a material adverse effect on us and our stockholders  below).  
   
 The Company was also required to file audited financial statements with the Australian Securities Exchange (the  ASX ) no later than September 30, 2016 (the  ASX Deadline ). The Company was not able to file such audited financial statements by the ASX Deadline. As a result, pursuant to ASX rules, trading in the Company s CDIs on the ASX was to be   suspended prior to the opening of trading on the ASX on October 3, 2016, however, the ASX accepted the Company s request for an immediate voluntary suspension of trading and as such, ASX halted trading of the Company s CDIs on the ASX prior to the opening of trading on September 30, 2016 in Australia. Such trading in Australia will not resume until after the Company files the audited financial statements included in the 2016 10-K with the ASX, which the Company is doing concurrently with filing this March 2016 10-Q with the SEC. 
   
 7 

Table of Contents  

Page  

PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION    

Item 1.  
 
   Financial Statements    

Unaudited Consolidated Balance Sheets as of March 31, 2016 and June 30, 2015    
 
 9  

Unaudited Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss for the three and nine months ended March 31, 2016 and 2015    
 
 10  

Unaudited Consolidated Statement of Stockholders  Deficit for the nine months ended March 31, 2016    
 
 11  

Unaudited Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the nine months ended March 31, 2016 and 2015    
 
 12  

Notes to Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements    
 
 13  

Item 2.  
 
   Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations    
 
 43  

Item 3.  
 
   Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk    
 
 54  

Item 4.  
 
   Controls and Procedures    
 
 54  

PART II. OTHER INFORMATION    

Item 1.  
 
   Legal Proceedings    
 
 58  

Item 6.  
 
   Exhibits    
 
 60  

Signatures    
 
 62  

8 

PART I. FINANCI  AL INFORMATION  
     Item 1. Financial Statements 
 On May 13, 2016, pursuant to prior stockholder authorization, the Company effected a reverse split of the Company s Common Stock, pursuant to which every ten (10) shares of Common Stock outstanding before the reverse split were converted into one (1) share of Common Stock after the reverse split. All share and per share amounts, and exercise and conversion prices for all periods presented herein have been adjusted to reflect the reverse split as if it had occurred at the beginning of the first period presented. 
 UNILIFE CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
     Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 (unaudited) 

See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 

9 

UNILIFE CORPORATION   AND SUBSIDIARIES  
     Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss 
 (unaudited) 

See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 

10 

UNILIFE CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES  
     Consolidated Statement of Stockholders  Deficit 
 For the Nine Months Ended March 31, 2016 
 (unaudited) 

See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 

11 

UNILIFE CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES  
     Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 (unaudited) 

See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 

12 

Unilife Corporation and Subsidiaries  
     Notes to Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements 
   
 1. Description of Business and Unaudited Financial Statements 
 Unilife Corporation (together with its subsidiaries, the  Company ) was incorporated under the laws of the State of Delaware in 2009 and is based in the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania. The Company began operations in Australia in 2002. 
 The Company is a designer, manufacturer, and supplier of innovative injectable drug delivery systems that can enhance and differentiate the injectable products of our pharmaceutical and biotechnology customers. While the Company has a broad portfolio of proprietary product platforms, the Company has focused the business on the Company s wearable injector products. The Company believes its products are differentiated from conventional products, with innovative features and functionality designed to optimize the safe, simple, and convenient administration of injectable therapies. The majority of the Company s products are designed for sale directly to pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies who are expected to supply them as drug-device combination products, pre-filled and ready for administration by end-users, such as patients or health-care providers. The Company customizes products within each of our platforms to address specific customer, therapy, patient and/or commercial requirements. 
 The Company is focusing primarily on active and new customer programs in its portfolio of wearable injector systems, which the Company expects will improve our operating efficiencies and better position the Company to take advantage of commercial opportunities within the fast-growing market for wearable injectors. The Company s wearable injector customers include Amgen Inc., MedImmune LLC ( MedImmune ), and Sanofi S.A. ( Sanofi ). 
 In addition to the filling, assembly and/or packaging of the Company s products with injectable therapies, the Company s customers are also, with respect to most of its products, responsible for the regulatory approval, sale and marketing of their final drug-device combination products. While at this point the Company s products have not been sold to end users with our customers  injectable therapies, the Company can generate revenue from customization programs, upfront fees, device and development materials, and exclusivity fees. 
 The Company believes that continual investment in research and development is important to the development and sale of the Company s innovative, proprietary products and related services. However, the Company continues to implement cost reduction measures as the Company focuses operations on the industrialization and development of programs with key strategic wearable injector customers.  During fiscal year 2016, the Company implemented several cost reduction and business realignment initiatives pursuant to which the Company reduced its headcount by approximately 90 employees, which are expected to reduce annual operating costs by approximately $7.9 million.  Subsequent to that, the Company eliminated 10 additional positions in July 2016. The Company s workforce was reduced to approximately 140 employees as of July 28, 2016, a reduction of more than 40% since January 2016 and a reduction of approximately 50% since July 1, 2015. A portion of this reduction is due to the Company s determination not to backfill certain open positions. The Company has recorded a charge from severance and related costs from these cost reduction initiatives of approximately $0.7 million in the aggregate. The Company does not believe that these cost reduction initiatives will negatively impact its ability to serve its customers.   
 With the Company s primary focus now on its wearable injector products, the Company performed an evaluation of its current contracts for its other products and determined that continued investment in those products is ultimately not beneficial to the Company at this time. The Company is currently in various stages of negotiation with the customers for such products to wind down its activities under those customer contracts. The Company does not expect that these negotiations will impact its wearable injector products and the outcome of these negotiations is still uncertain. Regardless of the result of such negotiations, the Company intends to continue to prosecute and maintain the intellectual property related to the majority of its non-wearable injector products in the event it becomes financially attractive for the Company to further develop and customize those products in the future. As part of this evaluation, the Company has recorded in its third quarter operating results an impairment charge of $26.6 million primarily related to certain prefilled syringe capital equipment located in its York facility as well certain capital equipment that was under construction held at various suppliers. 
 The accompanying unaudited consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ( GAAP ). The accompanying unaudited consolidated financial statements contain all normal and recurring adjustments that, in the opinion of management, are necessary for a fair presentation for the periods presented as required by Rule 10-01 of Regulation S-X. Interim results may not be indicative of results for a full year. The accompanying unaudited consolidated financial statements should be read in conjunction with the Company s audited consolidated financial statements and the notes thereto for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2015, or fiscal 2015, contained in its Annual Report on Form 10-K/A. 
 13 

On December 2, 2015, the Company received a written notice from the Listing Qualifications Department of The NASDAQ Stock Market LLC indicating that, for the 30   consecutive business days ended December 1, 2015, the bid price for the Company s common stock had closed below the $1.00 per share minimum bid price requirement for continued listing on The Nasdaq Global Market under Nasdaq Listing Rule 5450(a)(2).  In r  esponse to the preceding notice,   on   May 13, 2016, pursuant to prior stockholder authorization, the Company effected a reverse split of the Company s Common Stock, pursuant to which every ten (10) shares of Common Stock outstanding before the reverse split   were converted into one (1) share of Common Stock after the reverse split. All share and per share amounts, and exercise and conversion prices for all periods presented herein have been adjusted to reflect the reverse split as if it had occurred at the beg  inning of the first period presented.   

2. Internal Investigation 
 The Company announced an investigation into violations of the Company s policies and procedures and possible violations of laws and regulations by the Company s former Chief Executive Officer, Alan Shortall, whose employment with the Company ceased on March 11, 2016, and its former Chairman, Jim Bosnjak, who resigned from the Company s Board of Directors (the  Board ) on August 24, 2015 (the  Investigation ). The Board established a Special Committee to oversee the Investigation.  Independent counsel conducted the Investigation with the assistance of an advisory firm with forensic accounting expertise. The Investigation was completed on October 7, 2016 and no material financial loss was identified. 
 The filing of this March 2016 10-Q and the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for fiscal year 2016 were delayed as a result of the Investigation.  In addition, the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2015 and the Company s Form 10-Q s for the first and second quarters of fiscal year 2016 were amended to correct immaterial misstatements to the financial statements and omissions of related party disclosures. As a result of such delay, on May 17, 2016, the Company received a notice from the Listing Qualifications department of NASDAQ stating that, because the Company had not yet filed this March 2016 Form 10-Q, the Company was no longer in compliance with NASDAQ Listing Rule 5250(c)(1), which requires listed companies to timely file all required periodic financial reports with the SEC.  The notice received from NASDAQ stated that the Company had 60 calendar days from the date of the notice to submit a plan to regain compliance with NASDAQ s continued listing requirements.  
 On July 18, 2016, the Company timely submitted a plan to NASDAQ as to how it planned to regain compliance with NASDAQ s continued listing requirements.  The staff at NASDAQ subsequently granted the Company an exception to file this March 2016 Form 10-Q and any other delinquent SEC filings on or before November 7, 2016 in order to enable the Company to regain compliance with the listing rules. 
 On September 19, 2016, the Company received a notice from the Listing Qualifications department of NASDAQ stating that, because the Company had not yet filed the 2016 10-K, the Company is not in compliance with NASDAQ Listing Rule 5250(c)(1).  The Company timely submitted to NASDAQ an updated compliance plan on October 4, 2016. 

3. Liquidity 
 As of March 31, 2016, the Company s cash and cash equivalents were $41.6 million, restricted cash was $2.1 million and the book value of long-term debt was $101.3 million. Under the Company s debt facilities, the Company is required to have a cash and restricted cash balance of $5.1 million at March 31, 2016.  
 The Company incurred recurring losses from operations as well as negative cash flows from operating activities during fiscal year 2015, and the nine months ended March 31, 2016, and anticipates incurring additional losses and negative cash flows until such time that it can generate sufficient revenue from the sale, customization, or exclusive use and licensing of its wearable injectors to pharmaceutical and biotechnology customers. These factors raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern.  The Company has taken or intends to take the steps delineated below to address its cash requirements, the success of which are largely beyond the Company s control. 
 The Company expects to generate cash receipts from wearable injector customers during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2016 and fiscal 2017 and the Company continues to have business development discussions with current and prospective wearable injector customers. The Company is, however, unable to predict the amount, if any, or the timing of such receipts or any proceeds from these business development discussions. 
 The Company has engaged a financial advisory firm to assist with fundraising efforts. There is no assurance that the financial advisory firm will be successful in these efforts. 
 14 

In February 2016, the Company and certain   of its subsidiaries entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement   (the  Counterparty SPA )     with   Amgen Inc. (the  Counterparty )  , pursuant to which the Counterparty agreed to purchase from the Company a new series of 6% Senior Secured Convertible Notes Due   2023 in the aggregate original principal amount of up to $55.0 million (the  Notes ). The Company issued to the Counterparty the first Note in the aggregate original principal amount of $30.0 million in February 2016 and the Counterparty paid to the Compan  y $30.0 million in exchange therefor. Pursuant to the   Counterparty   SPA, the Counterparty may purchase up to an additional $25.0 million in Notes over the next   two years  , $15.0 million of which may be purchased in January 2017 (the  2017 Convertible Note )   and $10.0 million of which may be purchased in January 2018 (the  2018 Convertible Note ).    There can be no assurance as to when or if the Counterparty will purchase all or any part of the 2017 Convertible Note and/or the 2018 Convertible Note.  
 The Company s ability to raise capital will be limited and there can be no assurance that financing will be available when needed. The Company will not be able to obtain financing through offerings of its securities registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, for the near future and until the Company can prepare, file with the SEC, and cause to become effective a registration statement on Form S-1. We are not currently eligible to register the offer and sale of our securities using a registration statement on Form S-3, cannot use our existing Form S-3 and will not become eligible to use Form S-3 until we have timely filed certain periodic reports required under the Exchange Act for 12 consecutive calendar months.  
 The Company believes that potential proceeds from business development discussions, the 2017 Convertible Note and fundraising efforts along with potential customer cash receipts, will provide the Company with enough liquidity to fund its operations for the next twelve months. However, there can be no assurance that any cash from such business development discussions, issuance of the 2017 Convertible Note, fundraising efforts, or customer receipts will be available when needed, as such sources of liquidity largely are beyond the Company s control.  If we are unable to obtain financing when needed, we may be in default under one or more of our debt obligations unless we are able to obtain waivers from our lenders. A breach of any of the covenants related to our debt instruments could result in a higher rate of interest to be paid or the lenders could elect to declare all amounts outstanding under the applicable agreements to be immediately due and payable. If the lenders were to make such a demand for repayment, we would be unable to pay the obligations as we do not have existing facilities or sufficient cash on hand to satisfy these obligations. Under the circumstances, we also would be unable to pay our other obligations as they come due, which could prompt our creditors to pursue other remedies. These factors continue to raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared on a going concern basis, which contemplates the realization of assets and satisfaction of liabilities in the ordinary course of business. The consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments relating to the recoverability and classification of recorded asset amounts or the amounts and classification of liabilities that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty.  

4. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 
 Principles of Consolidation 
 The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Unilife Corporation and its wholly-owned subsidiaries. All intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. 
 References to  A$  mean the lawful currency of the Commonwealth of Australia. References to     or  euros  are to the lawful currency of the European Union. 
 Use of Estimates 
 The preparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. The estimates are principally in the areas of revenue recognition, royalty liability valuation, preferred stock conversion liability (the  Preferred Stock Conversion ) valuation, and share-based compensation expense. Management bases its estimates on historical experience and various assumptions that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances. Actual results could differ from those estimates. 
 Inventories 
 Inventories consist primarily of raw materials. Inventories are stated at the lower of cost or market, with cost determined using the first in, first out method. The Company routinely reviews its inventory for obsolete, slow moving or otherwise impaired inventory and records estimated impairments in the periods in which they occur. 
 15 

Property, Plant and Equipment  
 Property, plant and equipment, including significant improvements, are recorded at cost, net of accumulated depreciation and amortization. Repairs and maintenance are expensed as incurred. 
 Depreciation and amortization expense is recorded on a straight-line method over the estimated useful life of the asset as listed below: 

Asset Category  

Useful Lives  

Building  

40 years  

Machinery and equipment  

2 to 15 years  

Computer software  

3 to 7 years  

Furniture and fixtures  

3 to 7 years  

Leasehold improvements  

Shorter of leasehold improvement life or remaining term of lease  

Interest cost incurred in connection with the development and construction of significant new machinery and equipment, as well as facility related costs have been capitalized as one of the elements of cost and are being amortized over the asset s respective useful life. 
 The Company evaluates the recoverability of the recorded value of long-lived assets periodically to determine if facts and circumstances exist that would indicate that the assets might be impaired or that the useful lives should be modified. As part of this valuation, the Company develops projections of undiscounted future cash flows of the asset or asset group. The projections of undiscounted cash flows include a combination of revenue from customization and development activities, capital expenses that may be necessary to support projected product sales and commercial product sales. As customization and development activities are completed, commercial product sales are expected to scale-up. Expectations of future commercial product sales included in the projections used for the impairment analysis are based on customer-specific information as well as market estimates relating to the anticipated drugs and therapies being targeted for use with the Company s products. These projections also include assumptions of future sales growth and profitability based on contracts entered into with customers as well as future contracts to be entered into based on the current discussions and negotiations with existing and prospective customers. 
 Sales projections are based on assumptions including a transition in the market toward patient self-administration of injectable therapies as well as transitions in the market toward biological-based drugs in the pharmaceutical industry development pipeline. The Company s future sales could also be impacted by factors such as its ability to obtain new and retain existing customers, the timing and extent of the customers  drug development activities as well as the regulatory approval process, drug efficacy and industry acceptance of injectable therapies. If the Company s future sales or its projections of future sales are impacted by any one or more of the preceding factors, it will reassess the recorded value of the long-lived assets. If impairment is indicated, an adjustment will be made to reduce the carrying amount of these assets to their fair value. 
 In connection with the Company s focus on wearable injector products, the Company has been evaluating the prospects of its non-wearable injector customer and supplier programs. As a result of negotiations related to those supplier and customer programs and the Company s evaluation of those programs and potential disposition of certain assets, the Company determined that certain of its long lived-assets are impaired. The Company incurred $26.6 million of non-cash asset impairments primarily related to machinery and equipment and construction in process in the third quarter of fiscal 2016. 
 Goodwill and Intangible Assets 
 Goodwill is the excess of purchase price over the fair value of net assets acquired in business acquisitions. Goodwill is subject to, at a minimum, an annual impairment assessment of its carrying value at the reporting unit level. Additional impairment assessments would be performed if events and circumstances warranted such additional assessments during the year. The Company has one reporting unit which includes its product lines, the base technology which it obtained as part of its November 2002 acquisition of Unitract Syringe Pty Limited, and the manufacturing capability which it obtained in its January 2007 acquisition of Integrated BioSciences, Inc. 
 As required under generally accepted accounting principles, the Company is required to evaluate goodwill for impairment at least annually and more frequently if certain trigger events occur.  The Company determined that the culmination of the Strategic Process (as defined below) and the decision to focus primarily on the wearable injector business constituted trigger events that occurred in the quarter ended March 31, 2016 requiring an evaluation of the carrying value of the Company s goodwill. Potential impairment of goodwill is identified by comparing the fair value with its carrying value.  
 16 

The Company perf  ormed a goodwill valuation as of March 31, 2016 using a combination of the market approach and a discounted cash flow method under the income approach. The Company determined an overall business enterprise value (determined by the fair of equity plus the f  air value of debt) by taking a weighted average   from     the results of the discounted cash flow under the income approach (40%) and the market approach based on the Company s market capitalization (60%). Under the income approach, the Company calculates the f  air value of its reporting unit based on the present value of estimated future cash flows.   M  anagement judgment is necessary to evaluate the impact of operating and external market changes and to estimate the future cash flows used to measure fair value. Th  e Company s estimate of cash flows considers past performance, current and anticipated market conditions, and internal projections and operating plans which incorporate estimates for sales growth, profitability and capital spending. Additional assumptions   include forecasted growth rates and estimated discount rates which are risk adjusted for current market conditions. The Company believes such assumptions reflect current and anticipated market conditions and are consistent with those that would be used by   other marketplace participants for similar purposes but are subject to change due to changing conditions.  The weighting of the results of each method to assess the overall business enterprise value was considered reasonable as greater weight was given to   the market capitalization based on the quoted stock price as this is considered more reliable information as it is publicly available and not subject to management judgment or estimate, whereas, discounted cash flow under the income approach is subject to   management estimates and judgments.     
 Although based on the results of the business enterprise value calculation there was no indication of impairment of goodwill, the Company determined as a result of the continuing losses incurred by the Company and its negative equity, and other indicators of impairment including, the significant long-lived asset impairment recorded as of March 31, 2016 and the drop in the Company s stock price, that an additional step 2 analysis was warranted under generally accepted accounting principles. 
 The Company performed a Step 2 valuation of goodwill by valuing certain intangible assets (primarily patents, trademarks and tradenames). The Company considered the impact of all assets and liabilities in allocating the fair value of the Company to determine the fair value of goodwill and whether any impairment is indicated. The Company believes these intangible assets would generate the most significant difference between implied fair value and book value as part of completing a Step 2 purchase price allocation for the purpose of determining the value of goodwill for impairment. The valuation of intangible assets was performed using the relief from royalty method under the income approach. This method utilizes the Company s revenue projections and assigns values based on determination of appropriate royalty rates considering relevant industry information. The Company then utilized the fair value of its intangible assets along with the estimated fair value of its other assets and liabilities to determine the implied goodwill compared to the carrying value of goodwill.   
 The residual fair value based on the results of the Step 2 valuation indicated there was no impairment of goodwill.  The Company considered that the results of the valuation of goodwill indicated there was no impairment of goodwill and also indicated significant cushion between the implied fair value of goodwill and its carrying value and, therefore, the Company has concluded that no goodwill impairment existed as of March 31, 2016. 
   
 Definite-lived intangible assets include patents which are amortized on a straight-line method over their estimated useful lives of 15 years and are included in other assets. The Company reviews intangible assets for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. When factors indicate a possible impairment, if the sum of the estimated undiscounted future cash flows expected to result from the use and eventual disposition of an asset is less than the carrying amount of the asset, an impairment may be recognized. Measurement of an impairment loss is based on the excess of the carrying value of the asset over its fair value. Definite-lived intangible assets were less than $0.1 million as of March 31, 2016 and June 30, 2015 and are recorded in other assets on the consolidated balance sheet. There were no impairments recorded on intangible assets during the three and nine months ended March 31, 2016 or 2015.  
 Share-Based Compensation 
 The Company grants equity awards to its employees, directors, consultants and service providers. Certain employee and director awards vest over stated vesting periods and others also require achievement of specific performance or market conditions. The Company expenses the grant-date fair value of awards to employees and directors over their respective vesting periods. To the extent that employee and director awards vest only upon the achievement of a specific performance condition, expense is recognized over the period from the date management determines that the performance condition is probable of achievement through the date they are expected to be met. Awards granted to consultants and service providers are sometimes granted for past services, in which case their fair value is expensed on their grant date, while other awards require future service, or the achievement of performance or market conditions. Timing of expense recognition for consultant awards is similar to that of employee and director awards; however, aggregate expense is re-measured each quarter-end based on the then fair value of the award through the vesting date of the award. The Company estimates the fair value of stock options using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model, with the exception of market-based grants, which are valued based on the Monte Carlo option pricing model. Option pricing methods require the input of highly subjective assumptions, including the expected stock price volatility. 
 17 

Revenue Recognition  
 The Company recognizes revenue from industrialization and development fees, licensing fees and product sales. The Company recognizes revenue from sales of products at the time of shipment when title passes to the customer. The Company recognizes up front, non-refundable fees ratably over the expected life of the related agreement. Revenue from industrialization and development fees is recognized as services are rendered, under the completed contract method, under the proportional performance method  or upon achievement of the  at risk  substantive milestone events, which represent the culmination of the earnings process related to such events. Substantive milestones can include specific deliverables such as product design, prototype availability, user tests, manufacturing proof of principle and the various steps to complete the industrialization of the product. The terms of these contracts provide for customer payments to be made as services are rendered or substantive milestones are achieved. The Company considers whether a milestone is substantive at the inception of the agreement. The consideration earned from the achievement of a milestone must meet all of the following criteria to be considered substantive: 

It is commensurate with either of the Company s performance to achieve the milestone, or the enhancement of the value of the delivered item(s) as a result of a specific outcome resulting from the Company s performance to achieve the milestone;     

It relates solely to past performance; and     

It is reasonable relative to all of the deliverables and payment terms (including other potential milestone consideration) within the arrangement.     

 Payment terms are considered to be standard commercial terms. Revenue is recognized when each substantive milestone has been achieved and the Company has no future performance obligations related to the substantive milestone. Fees for completed, substantive milestones, which are dependent upon customer acceptance for non-refundable payment or, if paid, are refundable pending customer acceptance are recognized upon customer acceptance or the termination of refund rights. 
 Fair Value Measurements 
 In accordance with Accounting Standards Codification ( ASC ) 820, Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures, the Company measures fair value based on a hierarchy for inputs used in measuring fair value that maximizes the use of observable inputs and minimizes the use of unobservable inputs by requiring that observable inputs be used when available. The fair value hierarchy is broken down into three levels based on the source of inputs. 
 The carrying value of financial instruments such as accounts receivable, accounts payable and accrued expenses are reasonable estimates of their fair value because of the short maturity of these items. The Company believes that the current carrying amount of its long-term debt approximates fair value because the interest rates on these instruments are similar to those rates that the Company would currently be able to receive for similar instruments of comparable maturity. 
 The Company has elected to measure its royalty agreement liability at fair value in accordance with ASC 825, Financial Instruments. The fair value of the royalty liability is based on significant inputs not observable in the market, which require it to be reported as a Level 3 liability within the fair value hierarchy. The valuation uses a methodology and assumptions that the Company believes would be made by a market participant. In particular, the valuation analysis uses a discounted cash flow methodology under the income approach based on the present value sum of payments to be made in the future. The fair value of the royalty agreement liability is estimated by applying a risk adjusted discount rate to the adjusted royalty revenue stream. These fair value estimates are most sensitive to changes in the payment stream. 
 The Company accounts for derivative financial instruments in accordance with ASC 815, Derivative and Hedging   Contracts in Entity s Own Equity. Instruments which do not have fixed settlement provisions are deemed to be derivative instruments and are valued based on an average of a Monte Carlo and lattice model. The Preferred Stock Conversion valuation analysis used the estimated dividend rate based on the volume-weighted average price of the Company s common stock at the date the Preferred Stock Conversion is measured.  The warrant liability is valued using a Black-Scholes option-pricing model. 
 Interest Expense 
   The Company recognizes interest expense in the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss for all debt instruments using the effective interest method. The effective interest method is a method of calculating the amortized cost of a financial liability and of allocating the interest expense over the relevant period. The effective interest rate is the rate that exactly discounts the estimated future cash payments through the expected life of the financial instrument to the net carrying amount of the financial liability. The application of the method has the effect of recognizing expense payable on the instrument evenly in proportion  
 18 

to the amount outstanding over the period to maturity or repayment. In calculating the effective interest rate, the Company estimates cash flows considering all contractual terms of the financial inst  rument, including fees for early redemption and all other premiums and discounts.  
 Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements 
 In May 2014, FASB issued ASU 2014-09  Revenue from Contracts with Customers  and amended by ASU 2016-08  Principle versus Agent Considerations , ASU 2016-10  Identifying Performance Obligations and Licensing , and ASU 2016-12  Narrow-Scope Improvements and Practical Expedients . The guidance requires an entity to recognize the amount of revenue to which it expects to be entitled for the transfer of promised goods or services to a customer. The ASU will replace most existing revenue recognition guidance in U.S. GAAP when it becomes effective. In August 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-14  Revenue from Contracts with Customers  which deferred the effective date of ASU 2014-09 for all entities by one year to annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2017, including interim reporting periods within that reporting period. Early application is permitted only as of annual periods beginning after December 15, 2016, including interim reporting periods within that reporting period. With the deferral, the new standard is effective for the Company, on July 1, 2018, with early adoption permitted one year prior. The standard permits the use of either the retrospective or cumulative effect transition method. The Company has not selected a transition method nor has it determined the effect of the standard on its ongoing financial reporting. 
 In June 2014, FASB issued ASU 2014-12  Accounting for Share-Based Payments When the Terms of an Award Provide That a Performance Target Could Be Achieved after the Requisite Service Period  which is part of ASC 718: Compensation-Stock Compensation. The guidance requires that a performance target that affects vesting and that could be achieved after the requisite service period be treated as a performance condition and not be reflected in the estimate of the grant-date fair value of the award. The guidance is effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2015. The guidance can be applied prospectively for all awards granted or modified after the effective date or retrospectively to all awards with performance targets outstanding as of the beginning of the earliest annual period presented in the financial statements and to all new or modified awards thereafter. The Company does not expect a material impact on its financial condition, results of operations or cash flows from the adoption of this guidance. 
 In August 2014, FASB issued ASU 2014-15  Disclosure of Uncertainties about an Entity s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern . The guidance requires an entity to perform a going concern assessment by evaluating its ability to meet its obligations for a look-forward period of one year from the financial statement issuance date. Disclosures are required if it is probable an entity will be unable to meet its obligations within the look-forward period. Incremental substantial doubt disclosure is required if the probability is not mitigated by management s plans. The guidance is effective for all entities for the first annual period ending after December 15, 2016 and interim periods thereafter. Early application is permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the impact this guidance will have on its financial disclosures; however, as the guidance only impacts disclosure, the adoption of this guidance is not expected to have any impact on the Company s financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 In April 2015, FASB issued ASU 2015-03  Simplifying the Presentation for Debt Issuance Costs . The guidance requires that debt issuance costs related to a recognized debt liability be presented in the balance sheet as a direct deduction from the carrying amount of that debt liability, consistent with debt discounts. The existing recognition and measurement guidance for debt issue costs is not affected by the new guidance. In August 2015, the FASB issued a clarification that debt issue costs related to line-of-credit arrangements were not within the scope of the new guidance and therefore should continue to be accounted for as deferred assets in the balance sheet, consistent with existing GAAP. The guidance is effective for financial statements issued for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2015, and interim periods within those fiscal years. The Company adopted this guidance during the third quarter and applied the provisions of this guidance retrospectively to all reporting periods. The retrospective adoption of ASU 2015-03 decreased other assets and long-term debt by $1.0 million in the accompanying consolidated balance sheet at June 30, 2015. The adoption of this guidance did not have a material impact on the Company s results of operations, cash flows or financial position. 
 In November 2015, the FASB issued new guidance simplifying the balance sheet classification of deferred taxes. The new guidance requires that deferred tax liabilities and assets be classified as noncurrent in a classified statement of financial position. The current requirement that deferred tax liabilities and assets of a tax-paying component of an entity be offset and presented as a single amount is not affected by the new guidance. The new guidance is effective for the Company on July 1, 2017, with early adoption permitted as of the beginning of an interim or annual reporting period. The new guidance may be applied either prospectively to all deferred tax liabilities and assets or retrospectively to all periods presented. The Company is evaluating the impact that the new guidance will have on its consolidated financial statements and related disclosures; however, at the present time the Company has recorded a valuation allowance against its deferred tax assets based on the history of losses incurred. 
   In January 2016, the FASB issued new guidance related to the recognition and measurement of financial assets and liabilities. The new guidance makes targeted improvements to GAAP impacting equity investments (other than those accounted for under the  
 19 

equity method or consolidated), financial liabilities accounted for under the fair value election, and presentation and disclosure requirements for financial instruments, among other changes. The new guidance is effective for the Compa  ny on July 1, 2018, with early adoption prohibited other than for certain provisions. The Company is evaluating the impact that the new guidance will have on its consolidated financial statements and related disclosures.  
  In February 2016, the FASB issued guidance that will change the requirements for accounting for leases. The principal change under the new accounting guidance is that lessees under leases classified as operating leases will recognize a right-of-use asset and a corresponding lease liability. Current lease accounting does not require lessees to recognize assets and liabilities arising under operating leases on the balance sheet. Under the new guidance, lessees (including lessees under leases classified as finance leases and operating leases) will recognize a right-to-use asset and a lease liability on the balance sheet, initially measured as the present value of lease payments under the lease. Expense recognition and cash flow presentation guidance will be based upon whether the lease is classified as an operating lease or a finance lease (the classification criteria for distinguishing between finance leases and operating leases is substantially similar to the classification criteria for distinguishing between capital leases and operating leases under current guidance). The standard is effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within those fiscal years, beginning after December 15, 2018. Early adoption is permitted. The new standard must be adopted using a modified retrospective transition approach for capital and operating leases existing at, or entered into after, the beginning of the earliest comparative period presented in the financial statements; the guidance provides certain practical expedients. The Company is currently evaluating this guidance to determine its impact on the Company s results of operations, cash flows and financial position.  
  In March 2016, the FASB issued new guidance designed to simplify several aspects of the accounting for share-based payment transactions, including guidance relating to accounting for income taxes with respect to share-based payment awards; providing generally that excess tax benefits related to share-based awards should be recorded as a reduction to income tax expense (currently, excess tax benefits generally are recorded to additional-paid-in-capital); providing generally that excess tax benefits related to share-based awards should be classified along with other income tax cash flows as an operating activity (currently, excess tax benefits generally are separated from other income tax cash flows and classified as a financing activity); providing that an entity may make an accounting policy election either to base compensation cost accruals on the number of awards expected to vest (as required by current guidance) or to account for forfeitures when they occur; modifying the current exception to liability classification such that partial cash settlement of an award for tax withholding purposes would not result, by itself, in liability classification of the award if the amount withheld does not exceed the maximum statutory tax rate in the employees' applicable jurisdictions (currently, an award cannot qualify for equity classification, rather than liability classification, if the amount withheld exceeds the minimum statutory withholding requirements); and providing that cash paid by an employer when directly withholding shares for tax withholding purposes should be classified as a financing activity on the statement of cash flows (currently there is no authoritative guidance addressing this classification issue). The guidance is effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within those fiscal years, beginning after December 15, 2016. Early adoption is permitted (if early adoption occurs in an interim period, any adjustments will be reflected as of the beginning of the fiscal year that includes the interim period). Depending on the particular issue addressed by the guidance, application of the guidance will be made prospectively, retrospectively or subject to a retrospective transition method. The Company is currently evaluating the potential impact of adopting this guidance on the Company's results of operations, cash flows and financial position.  

5. Equity Transactions and Share-Based Compensation 
 The Company recognized share-based compensation expense related to equity awards to employees, directors, consultants and service providers of $5.5 million and $3.1 million during the three months ended March 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively, and $12.6 million and $7.8 million during the nine months ended March 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively. 
 On July 29, 2015, the Company entered into a Controlled Equity Offering Sales Agreement (the  New Sales Agreement ) with Cantor Fitzgerald   Co., pursuant to which the Company may, from time to time, issue and sell shares of common stock, having an aggregate offering price of up to $25.0 million. Through March 31, 2016, the Company has issued 380,011 shares for net proceeds of $4.6 million under the New Sales Agreement. The Company used the proceeds for working capital needs and other general corporate purposes. 
 On July 29, 2015, the Company entered into an equity purchase agreement (the  LPC Purchase Agreement ) with Lincoln Park Capital Fund, LLC ( LPC ), pursuant to which the Company may sell, from time to time, to LPC up to $45.0 million in shares of the Company s common stock through July 2017, subject to certain limitations and conditions set forth in the LPC Purchase Agreement. Through March 31, 2016, the Company issued 324,465 shares of common stock to LPC and received net proceeds of approximately $4.8 million after expenses. The Company used the proceeds for working capital needs and other general corporate purposes. 
 20 

Stock Options and Warrants  
 The Company has granted stock options to certain employees and directors under the Employee Share Option Plan (the  Plan ). The Plan is designed to assist in the motivation and retention of employees and directors and to recognize the importance of employees and directors to the long-term performance and success of the Company. The Company has also granted stock options to certain service providers outside of the Plan. The majority of the options to purchase common stock vest on the anniversary of the date of grant, which ranges from one to three years. Share-based compensation expense related to options granted to employees and directors is recognized on a straight-line method over the related vesting term. Share-based compensation expense related to options granted to service providers is recognized ratably over each vesting tranche of the options. 
 In November 2009, the Company adopted the 2009 Stock Incentive Plan (the  Stock Incentive Plan ). The Stock Incentive Plan initially provided for a maximum of 600,000 shares of common stock to be reserved for the issuance of stock options and other stock-based awards. Commencing on January 1, 2012, and on each January 1st thereafter, through January 1, 2014, the share reserve automatically adjusted so that it was equal to 17.5% of the weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding reduced by the sum of any shares of common stock issued under the Stock Incentive Plan and any shares of common stock subject to outstanding awards under the Stock Incentive Plan. 
 In November 2014, the Stock Incentive Plan was amended and restated (the  Amended and Restated 2009 Stock Incentive Plan  or  Amended Stock Plan ) to change how the number of shares of common stock that may be issued under the Amended Stock Plan is calculated to increase the number of shares of common stock available for issuance under the Amended Stock Plan by 1.0 million and to reapprove the Amended Stock Plan for purposes of refreshing the stockholder approval requirement. 
 Under the terms of the LPC Purchase Agreement, the Company was required to obtain the consent of LPC prior to completing the Preferred Stock Purchase Agreement. The Company obtained such consent on November 9, 2015 and contemporaneously issued a five-year warrant to purchase 90,000 shares of Common Stock to LPC at an exercise price of $10.00 per share. The Company performed a Black-Scholes valuation on the warrant and valued the warrant at $5.40 per share of Common Stock. Accordingly, the Company recorded $0.5 million during the three months ended December 31, 2015 associated with the issuance of the warrant as a component of redeemable convertible preferred stock issuance cost.  LPC has not exercised any warrants as of March 31, 2016.  On March 31, 2016,  t he Company performed a Black-Scholes valuation on the warrant liability to revalue the warrant and valued the warrant at $3.50 per share of Common Stock.  The warrant liability was revalued to $0.3 million at March 31, 2016. 
  On February 22, 2016, in connection with entering into the Eighth Amendment to the Credit Agreement (as defined below) and the Sixth Amendment to the Royalty Agreement (as defined below), the Company issued to ROS (as defined below) warrants to purchase 1,673,981 shares of Common Stock, with an exercise price of $12.50 per share, subject to adjustment for certain events, which may be exercised at any time and from time to time until February 22, 2026. No warrants were exercised during the three months ended March 31, 2016. Upon issuance, t  he Company performed a Black-Scholes valuation on the warrant and valued the warrant at $7.20 per share of Common Stock. Accordingly, the Company recorded a $12.1 million warrant liability during the three months ended March 31, 2016 associated with the issuance of the warrant.  On March 31, 2016,   t  he Company performed a Black-Scholes valuation on the warrant liability to revalue the warrant and valued the warrant at $4.80 per share of Common Stock.  The warrant liability was revalued to $8.0 million at March 31, 2016.  
 The following is a summary of activity related to stock options held by employees and directors during the nine months ended March 31, 2016: 

21 

The following is a summary of activity related to stock options and warrants held by persons other than employees and directors during the nine months ended March 31, 2016:  

The aggregate intrinsic value is defined as the difference between the market value of the Company s common stock as of the end of the period and the exercise price of the in-the-money stock options. There were no options exercised during the three and nine months ended March 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively. 
 There were no options granted during the three and nine months ended March 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively. 
  The Company used the following weighted average assumptions in calculating the fair value of warrants granted during the nine months ended March 31, 2016:  

Restricted Stock Awards and Units 
 The Company has granted shares of restricted stock to certain employees, directors and consultants under the Amended Stock Incentive Plan. During the period prior to vesting, the holder of the non-vested restricted stock will have the right to vote and the right to receive all dividends and other distributions declared. All non-vested shares of restricted stock are reflected as outstanding; however, they have been excluded from the calculation of basic earnings per share. 
 For employees, the fair value of restricted stock is measured on the date of grant using the price of the Company s common stock on that date. Share-based compensation expense for restricted stock issued to employees is recognized on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period, which is generally the longest vesting period. For restricted stock granted to consultants, the fair value of the awards will be re-valued on a quarterly basis and marked to market until vested. Share-based compensation expense for restricted stock issued to consultants is recognized ratably over each vesting tranche. 
 During the fiscal year ended June 30, 2015, the shareholders approved the issuance of 400,000 shares of restricted stock to the Company s then Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Alan Shortall. In connection with Mr. Shortall s separation from the Company, the Company and Mr. Shortall entered into a General Release effective as of March 14, 2016 (the  Shortall Agreement ).  Under the Shortall Agreement, such 400,000 unvested restricted shares became fully vested.  The Company recorded $3.5 million in share-based compensation expense relating to this vesting and reversed $3.3 million in expense which related to the original grant. 
 22 

The following is a summary of activity related to restricted stock awards during the nine months ended March 31, 2016:  

Preferred Stock Purchase Agreement 
 On November 9, 2015, the Company entered into and closed a Preferred Stock Purchase Agreement (the  Preferred Stock Purchase Agreement ) with the Fund. Pursuant to the Preferred Stock Purchase Agreement, the Company issued and sold to the Fund 790 shares of the Company s newly designated Series A Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock of the Company, par value $0.01 per share (the  Series A Preferred Stock ), at a 5% original issue discount and at a purchase price of $10,000 per share for total gross proceeds to the Company of $7.5 million. Prior to the full conversion of the Series A Preferred stock (as more fully discussed below), the Series A Preferred Stock was convertible into shares of Common Stock at a fixed conversion price of $10.00 per share (the  Conversion Price ). The shares of Series A Preferred Stock were offered and sold in a registered direct offering (the  Offering ) pursuant to the Company s shelf registration statement (File No. 333-197122), which was declared effective by the SEC on October 3, 2014. 
 From the date of issuance, each share of Series A Preferred Stock accrued dividends at a rate of 8.0% per annum (the  Dividend Rate ), subject to adjustment as discussed below, on its face value of $10,000 (the  Face Value ), payable upon conversion or redemption of such share and when, as and if otherwise declared by the Board. Dividends were paid either in cash or in shares of Common Stock at the Company s sole discretion and were valued at (i) if there was no Trigger Event (as defined below), (A) 95.0% of the average of the 5 lowest individual daily volume weighted average prices of the Common Stock on the Trading Market during the applicable Measurement Period, which may be non-consecutive, less $0.50 per share of Common Stock, not to exceed (B) 100% of the lowest sales price on the last day of such Measurement Period less $0.50 per share of Common Stock or (ii) following any Trigger Event, (A) 80.0% of the lowest daily volume weighted average price during any Measurement Period for any conversion by Holder, less $1.00 per share of Common Stock, not to exceed (B) 80.0% of the lowest sales price on the last day of any Measurement Period, less $1.00 per share of Common Stock.  Trigger Event  is defined as including, among other events, our breach of the Certificate of Designations and any transaction documents, the occurrence of certain defaults under our material agreements, the suspension of our NASDAQ listing, bankruptcy, the appointment of a receiver, our failure to timely file any report under the Exchange Act of 1934 or the unenforceability of any material provision of the Certificate of Designations.  Trading Market  is defined as the principal trading exchange or market for the Common Stock.  Measurement Period  is defined as the period beginning on the date of issuance of any such shares of Series A Preferred Stock and ending, if no Trigger Event has occurred 3 trading days, and if a Trigger Event has occurred 30 trading days, after the number of shares have been delivered with respect to a conversion notice. 
 The Dividend Rate was adjusted (i) downward by an amount equal to 100 basis points for each amount, if any, equal to $0.50 per share of Common Stock that the volume weighted average price of our Common Stock on any trading day rose above $15.00, down to a minimum of 0.0%; and (ii) upward by an amount equal to 150 basis points for each amount, if any, equal to $0.50 per share of Common Stock that volume weighted average price of our Common Stock on any trading day fell below $7.00, up to a maximum of 15.0%. In addition, the Dividend Rate was adjusted upward by 10.0% upon any Trigger Event. 
 Each share of Series A Preferred Stock was convertible into such number of shares of Common Stock equal to the Face Value divided by the Conversion Price. Upon any conversion, the Company issued Common Stock at the Conversion Price and paid the dividend and conversion premium ( Dividend ) (in one instance in cash and the remaining instances in stock at the Company s discretion). The Company was prohibited from issuing shares of Common Stock upon conversion of the Series A Preferred Stock if, as a result of the conversion, the holder, together with its affiliates, would beneficially own more than 4.99% of the total number of shares of the Company s Common Stock then issued and outstanding, subject to adjustment up to 9.99% upon 61 days  notice from the investor, which is referred to herein as the  Beneficial Ownership Limitation . The Preferred Stock Purchase Agreement also contains representations, warranties and covenants customary for transactions of this type. 
   In November 2015 and December 2015, the Fund delivered to the Company notices of conversion totaling an aggregate of 300 shares of Series A Preferred Stock (the  Initial Conversion Notices ) and the Company issued an aggregate of 1,025,499 shares of  
 23 

Common Stock and paid $0.3 million in cash to satisfy the Initial Conversion Notices. Calculations in the Initial Conversion Notices were based upon the occurrence of a Trigger Event.  
 As described above, the amount of any Dividend varied based on the Company s share price during the applicable Measurement Period. If the Company s share price declined during the Measurement Period with respect to a conversion notice, the number of shares owed to the Fund pursuant to such conversion notice would have changed and the Company was then required to issue the additional shares owed. During December 2015, the Company issued an additional 518,784 shares of Common Stock as additional Dividend with respect to the Conversion Notices as a result of a decline in the share price during the applicable Measurement Periods. 
 On January 4, 2016, the Fund delivered to the Company a notice of conversion for 40 shares of Series A Preferred Stock (the  January 4 th  Conversion Notice  and together with the Initial Conversion Notices, the  Conversion Notices ) and the Company issued the Fund 246,036 shares of Common Stock. During January 2016, the Company issued an additional 162,706 shares of Common Stock as additional Dividend with respect to the Conversion Notices as a result of a decline in the share price during the applicable Measurement Periods. 
 On February 3, 2016, Company entered into the First Amendment to the Preferred Stock Purchase Agreement with the Fund. Pursuant to the First Amendment to the Preferred Stock Purchase Agreement, the Company acknowledged that the Fund had at all times fully and completely complied with all of its obligations under the Preferred Stock Purchase Agreement. The Fund has converted all of the Preferred Shares, and the parties entered into the First Amendment to the Preferred Stock Purchase Agreement to resolve the final and total of number shares of the Company s Common Stock to be delivered by the Company to the Fund as a result of the conversion. 
 Pursuant to the First Amendment to the Purchase Agreement, in full accord and satisfaction of all obligations under the Purchase Agreement and the remaining transaction documents (as defined in the Preferred Stock Purchase Agreement), the Company agreed to issue to the Fund an additional 831,668 shares (collectively, the  Shares ) of Common Stock, the approximate amount that may be issued under Nasdaq Listing Rule 5635(d) without shareholder approval which the Company did not obtain. On February 3, 2016, the Company issued and delivered to the Fund 725,000 of the Shares. On February 11, 2016, the Company issued and delivered to the Fund the remaining 106,668 Shares. 
 Pursuant to the First Amendment to the Purchase Agreement, the Company has no further obligations to the Fund with respect to any of the Series A Preferred Stock, Conversion Notices (as defined in the Company s Certificate of Designations of Preferences, Rights and Limitations of Series A Preferred Stock) or any of the transaction documents. The Company issued 2,784,693 shares of Common Stock to the Fund in connection with the Preferred Stock Purchase Agreement, as amended by the First Amendment to the Preferred Stock Purchase Agreement. The Fund is no longer the holder of any Series A Preferred Stock. 
 The First Amendment to the Preferred Stock Purchase Agreement contained a mutual release of claims between the Company and the Fund and contained customary representations and warranties made by such parties. The Company also agreed to provide the Fund with indemnification for breaches of the First Amendment to the Preferred Stock Purchase Agreement and for certain third-party claims, and the Fund agreed to continue the same activity restrictions provided for in the Preferred Stock Purchase Agreement. 
 The Company accounted for the Series A Preferred Stock and the related Dividend as two separate units, i.e. Series A Preferred Stock and Preferred Stock Conversion. The Company determined that the Series A Preferred Stock should be classified as temporary equity based on the requirement to provide registered shares of the Company s Common Stock upon conversion and the related Dividend should be classified as a liability at fair value. Accordingly, the proceeds recorded as temporary equity for the Series A Preferred Stock represented the proceeds from the issuance less initial fair value of Preferred Stock Conversion and related issuance costs. As a result, on November 9, 2015, the Company recorded the net proceeds of $7.2 million between the Series A Preferred Stock ($2.8 million) and the initial Preferred Stock Conversion at its fair value ($4.4 million). After accounting for all Conversion Notices and First Amendment to the Preferred Stock Purchase Agreement, the Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock, Series A, was reclassed from temporary equity to permanent equity and is valued at $0.0 million at March 31, 2016.  The Preferred Stock Conversion was remeasured quarterly, and the Company recorded a charge of $4.2 million during the nine months ended March 31, 2016 through change in fair value of financial instruments.  At March 31, 2016, the Preferred Stock Conversion was valued at $0.0.  

24 

6  . Property, Plant and Equipment  
 Property, plant and equipment consist of the following: 

Under     ASC 360 Property, Plant, and Equipment  , the Company is required to evaluate the recoverability of the carrying amount of its long-lived assets whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of the asset may not be recoverable. In February 2016, the Company completed its review of strategic alternatives and announced the formation of a strategic collaboration centered upon the use of the Company s portfolio of prefilled, customizable wearable injectors. In connection with this focus, the Company has been evaluating the prospects of its non-wearable injector customer and supplier programs. As a result of negotiations related to those supplier and customer programs and the Company s evaluation of those programs and potential disposition of certain assets, the Company determined that certain of its long lived-assets are impaired. The Company incurred $26.6 million of non-cash asset impairments to machinery and equipment and construction in progress in the three months and nine months ended March 31, 2016. The impairment was based on the future expected use of certain equipment in the production of its products. The equipment is customized for the production of medical devices and, as a result of the decision not to continue to produce certain products, the related equipment was written-off as any residual salvage value was determined to be nominal.  
 Construction in progress as of March 31, 2016 consisted of amounts incurred in connection with machinery and equipment and facility related costs, including capitalized interest. Interest capitalized during the three and nine month periods ended March 31, 2016 was $0.7 million and $2.0 million, respectively. 
 The Company was past due with respect to certain billings from the general contractor and sub-contractors related to building and clean room expansion activities for machinery and equipment accounted for as construction in progress as of March 31, 2016. The general contractor and certain sub-contractors have filed mechanics liens against the Company s property in connection with the amounts past due in the amount of approximately $6.1 million. Subsequent to March 31, 2016, the past due amounts were paid and the contractor agreed to release and to have the sub-contractors release all mechanics liens. 

7. Goodwill 
 The changes in the carrying amount of goodwill during the nine months ended March 31, 2016 are as follows: 

25 

8  . Accrued Expenses  
 Accrued expenses consist of the following: 

The Company recorded $5.0 million in transaction costs during the nine months ended March 31, 2016 relating to the Strategic Process. 

9. Long-Term Debt 
 Long-term debt consists of the following: 

Term Loan  
 On March 12, 2014, (the  Closing Date ), Unilife Medical Solutions, Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company (the  Borrower ), entered into a Credit Agreement with ROS Acquisition Offshore LP (the  Lender ), an affiliate of OrbiMed Advisors ( OrbiMed ) (the  Credit Agreement,  and, as amended the  Amended Credit Agreement  or the  OrbiMed Financing ). Pursuant to and subject to the terms of the Credit Agreement, the Lender agreed to provide term loans to the Borrower in the aggregate principal amount of up to $60.0 million (the  Loans ). A first tranche loan of $40.0 million was drawn on the Closing Date and a further two tranches each of $10.0 million were committed by the Lender and were to be funded on each of December 15, 2014 and June 15, 2015, subject to and in accordance with the terms of the Credit Agreement. On September 30, 2014, the Borrower entered into a First Amendment to the Credit Agreement to accelerate the funding of the two additional tranches pursuant to which it received the proceeds from the first $10.0 million tranche on October 1, 2014 and the proceeds from the second $10.0 million tranche on November 10, 2014. 
 On October 13, 2015, the Company entered into the Third Amendment to the Credit Agreement, pursuant to which the Lender agreed to provide Borrower under the Amended Credit Agreement, up to an aggregate additional principal amount of $10.0 million, less fees and expenses incurred in connection with the Third Amendment to the Credit Agreement and the Second Amendment to the Royalty Agreement (as defined below). Through March 31, 2016, the Company received the full amount of additional proceeds under the Amended Credit Agreement in the amount of $10.0 million. The Third Amendment to the Credit Agreement also modified the Borrower s liquidity covenant whereby, under the Amended Credit Agreement, the Borrower is now required to maintain a cash balance of $3.0 million as of October 13, 2015, rather than $5.0 million. 
 26 

The Loan bears interest at 9.25% per annum plus the greater of three-month LIBOR or 1.0%, payable in cash quarterly and as otherwise described in the Amended Credit Agreement. A default interest rate of 14.25% per annum plus the greater of three-month   LIBOR or 1.0% shall apply during the existence of a default under the Amended Credit Agreement. The Loans are interest-only until March 12, 2020 (the  Maturity Date ).  
 Unless the loan facility is otherwise terminated earlier pursuant to the terms of the Amended Credit Agreement, the Borrower is required to repay in full the unpaid principal amount of the Loans drawn down, together with all accrued and unpaid interest thereon plus a 10.0% repayment premium on the Maturity Date. The Borrower can make voluntary repayments at any time of any unpaid principal amount of the Loans, plus a 10.0% repayment premium. The Borrower must make mandatory prepayments in certain prescribed circumstances, including, without limitation, certain dispositions of assets and certain casualty events. In such events, the Borrower must prepay to Lender 100% of the net cash proceeds received. 
 The obligations of the Borrower under the Amended Credit Agreement are guaranteed by the Company and each of its subsidiaries and the Amended Credit Agreement is secured by the assets of the Company and its subsidiaries. The security interests granted by Borrower, the Company, Unilife Cross Farm LLC ( Cross Farm ), Unilife Medical Solutions Limited ( UMSL ) and Unitract Syringe Pty Limited ( Unitract Syringe ) are evidenced by, among other things, the Pledge and Security Agreement, dated as of March 14, 2014, by the Borrower, the Company, Cross Farm, UMSL, and Unitract Syringe in favor of Lender, for itself and as agent for Royalty Opportunities S.A.R.L. ( ROS ), the Mortgage and Security Agreement, dated March 12, 2014, by and between Cross Farm and Lender, for itself and as agent of ROS, and the General Security Deed, dated as of March 12, 2014, by Unitract Syringe, UMSL, and the Company in favor of the Lender, for itself and as agent of ROS. 
 The Amended Credit Agreement also contains certain customary covenants, as well as covenants relating to achieving minimum cash revenue targets at the end of each calendar year which has been eliminated as discussed below, maintaining a minimum liquidity target of $3.0 million, and the execution of certain customer and employment agreements in form and substance satisfactory to lender. In the event of default, Borrower must prepay to Lender any unpaid principal amount of the loans drawn down, together with all accrued and unpaid interest thereon plus a 10.0% repayment premium. An event of default could also result in the Lender enforcing its security over the assets of Borrower, the Company, Cross Farm, UMSL and Unitract Syringe in accordance with the terms of the Amended Credit Agreement and the related security agreements. On June 30, 2015, the Company entered into a Second Amendment to the Credit Agreement to remove the minimum cash revenue target for the six month period ended June 30, 2015. On November 6, 2015, the Borrower received a waiver from the Lender of the minimum cash revenue target for the calendar year ending December 31, 2015. As of and for the nine months ended March 31, 2016, the Company is in compliance with all the loan covenants set forth in the Amended Credit Agreement. However, there can be no assurance that the Company will be able to maintain the minimum liquidity target during the 12-month period from March 31, 2016. 
 In connection with entering into the Credit Agreement, the Borrower entered into a Royalty Agreement with ROS which entitles ROS to receive royalty payments. 
 On October 13, 2015, the Borrower entered into the Second Amendment to the Royalty Agreement (the  Amended Royalty Agreement ) with ROS. Pursuant to and subject to the terms of the Second Amendment to the Royalty Agreement, Borrower has agreed to pay ROS 4.52% on the first $50.0 million of net sales in each fiscal year, plus 1.75% of net sales in excess of $50.0 million and up to and including $100.0 million in each fiscal year, plus 0.438% of net sales in excess of $100.0 million in each fiscal year, up from 3.875%, 1.50% and 0.375%, respectively. Borrower continues to have the right to buy out the Amended Royalty Agreement at any time on or before March 12, 2018 at a reduced amount; however, under the Amended Royalty Agreement, the buy-out amounts have increased.     On March 13, 2017 and on March 13, 2018, the buy-out amount increases  up to a maximum of approximately $37.2 million under the Second Amendment to the Royalty Agreement, as compared to approximately $26.3 million under the First Amendment to the Credit Agreement. The buy-out amount varies based on when the buy-out option is exercised and would, in each case, be reduced by amounts previously paid by Borrower to ROS pursuant to the Amended Royalty Agreement. In the event of default under the Amended Credit Agreement, OrbiMed will have a put option that will make the royalty amounts due immediately. The Amended Royalty Agreement has a term commencing on March 12, 2014 and ending on the earlier of (i) March 12, 2024 and (ii) the date of payment of the purchase price pursuant to the exercise of a put option by the Lender or the exercise of a buy-out option by the Borrower. As the Company has elected to value the Amended Royalty Agreement at fair value, the put option feature does not meet the criterion of ASC 815-15-25-1b and thus is not separated from the host contract and accounted for as a derivative instrument. 
 On December 31, 2015, the Borrower entered into a Fourth Amendment to the Credit Agreement with the Lender. Pursuant to and subject to the terms of the Fourth Amendment to the Credit Agreement, the Lender agreed to defer the due date for the December 31, 2015 interest payment (in the amount of $1.7 million) (the  Interest Payment) to February 5, 2016. Additionally, the Borrower agreed to pay interest on such deferred amount from December 31, 2015 at the rate set forth in the Amended Credit Agreement and to pay all fees and expenses incurred by the Lender in connection with the Fourth Amendment to the Credit Agreement. 
 27 

On January 31, 2016, the Borrower entered into the Fifth Amendment to the Credit Agreement with the Lender. Pursuant to and subject to the ter  ms of the Fifth Amendment to the Credit Agreement, the Lender agreed to further defer the due date for the Interest Payment to February 9, 2016. Additionally, the Borrower agreed to pay interest on such deferred amount from   December 31, 2015   at the rate se  t forth in the Amended Credit Agreement and to pay all fees and expenses incurred by the Lender in connection with the Fifth Amendment to the Credit Agreement.  
 On January 31, 2016, the Borrower entered into the Third Amendment to the Royalty Agreement with ROS. The Third Amendment to the Royalty Agreement became effective as of January 29, 2016. Pursuant to and subject to the terms of the Third Amendment to the Royalty Agreement, ROS agreed to defer the due date for (i) $0.1 million of the January 30, 2016 royalty payment to February 1, 2016, and (ii) $0.7 million of the January 30, 2016 royalty payment to February 9, 2016. 
 On February 9, 2016, the Borrower entered into the Sixth Amendment to the Credit Agreement with the Lender.  Pursuant to and subject to the terms of the Sixth Amendment to the Credit Agreement, the Lender agreed to further defer the due date for the Interest Payment to February 16, 2016. Additionally, the Borrower agreed to pay interest on such deferred amount from December 31, 2015 at the rate set forth in the Amended Credit Agreement and to pay all fees and expenses incurred by the Lender in connection with the Sixth Amendment to the Credit Agreement. 
 On February 9, 2016, the Borrower entered into the Fourth Amendment to the Royalty Agreement with ROS. Pursuant to and subject to the terms of the Fourth Amendment to the Royalty Agreement, ROS agreed to defer the due date for $0.7 million of the January 30, 2016 royalty payment to February 16, 2016. 
 On February 16, 2016, the Borrower entered into the Seventh Amendment to the Credit Agreement with the Lender.  Pursuant to and subject to the terms of the Seventh Amendment to the Credit Agreement, the Lender agreed to further defer the due date for the Interest Payment to February 26, 2016. Additionally, the Borrower agreed to pay interest on such deferred amount from December 31, 2015 at the rate set forth in the Amended Credit Agreement and to pay all fees and expenses incurred by the Lender in connection with the Seventh Amendment to the Credit Agreement. 
 On February 16, 2016, the Borrower entered into the Fifth Amendment to the Royalty Agreement with ROS. Pursuant to and subject to the terms of the Fifth Amendment to the Royalty Agreement, ROS agreed to defer the due date for $0.7 million of the January 30, 2016 royalty payment to February 26, 2016. 
 On February 22, 2016, the Borrow entered into the Eighth Amendment to the Credit Agreement with the Lender.  Pursuant to and subject to the terms of the Eighth Amendment to the Credit Agreement, the Lender agreed to, among others, (i) defer all obligations of the Borrower to pay interest to the Lender for the period from January 1, 2016 through the two year anniversary of the Counterparty Closing Date at the rate specified in the Amended Credit Agreement, which interest will be added to the outstanding principal amount of the loan on the last day of each interest period; (ii) enable the Counterparty to take a security interest in certain inventory and intellectual property assets related to a specific device licensed to the Counterparty (the  Collateral  and (iii) remove the minimum cash receipts covenant for all future periods. 
 On February 22, 2016, the Borrower entered into the Sixth Amendment to the Royalty Agreement with ROS. Pursuant to and subject to the terms of the Sixth Amendment to the Royalty Agreement,  ROS agreed to waive any rights to royalty payments otherwise payable as a result of the License Fee and the proceeds of the Notes, and to defer royalty payments payable on revenues received by the Company from the Counterparty until after the end of the first fiscal quarter in which the Company sells a commercial quantity of devices developed for the Counterparty.  
  In connection with entering into the Eighth Amendment to the Credit Agreement and the Sixth Amendment to the Royalty Agreement, the Company issued to ROS warrants to purchase 1,673,981 share of Common Stock, with an exercise price of $12.50 per share, subject to adjustment for certain events, which may be exercised at any time and from time to time until February 22, 2026. In respect to the consideration provided to ROS in the form of warrants and the terms of the Eighth Amendment to the Credit Agreement and the Sixth Amendment to the Royalty Agreement, the Company evaluated whether the debt was modified or extinguished pursuant to ASC 470-50, Debt   Modifications and Extinguishments.  The Company determined that the previous debt was extinguished and recorded the modified debt at fair value ($51.3 million).  The Company recorded a gain on debt extinguishment for the three and nine months ended March 31, 2016 of $2.9 million which consisted of   the remeasurement of the debt at fair value offset by   the value of the warrants as of the Counterparty Effective Date and the deferred financing costs previously associated with the term loan.  
   On  September 30, 2016 , the Borrower entered into a letter agreement (the  OrbiMed Letter Agreement ) with the Lender pursuant to which the Lender agreed to waive (a) the requirements in Sections 7.1(c) and 7.1(d) of the Amended Credit Agreement for the Borrower to provide audited financial statements of the Company together with certain other information within 90 days after the end of the Company s fiscal year ended June 30, 2016, provided that the Borrower furnishes such information by the earlier of  
 28 

(i) November 7, 2016, and   (ii) five business days of when the Company files the 2016 10-K with the SEC, and (b) any  Event of Default  that has occurred or would occur under Section 9.1(c) of the Amended Credit Agreement, solely as a result of thereof.  
 Pursuant to the OrbiMed Letter Agreement, the Lender also agreed to waive any  Event of Default , if any, through September 30, 2016 under Section 9.1(c) of the Amended Credit Agreement as a result of any failure to furnish the Lender notice of any new Material Agreement (as defined in the Amended Credit Agreement) or amendments or terminations of Material Agreements within the timeframe set forth in Section 7.1(m) of the Amended Credit Agreement, but only to the extent that that Borrower provided any such notices to the Lender prior to September 30, 2016. 
 The Borrower made certain representations and warranties to the Lender in the OrbiMed Letter Agreement with respect to the content of the Amgen Letter Agreement. In reliance on such representations and warranties, the Lender waived any Event of Default under Section 9.1(f) of the Amended Credit Agreement that may have occurred as a result of any breach of Section 6.3 of the   Counterparty SPA, solely due to the Company s delay in timely filing the Securities Filings with the SEC. There were no other changes to the terms of the Amended Credit Agreement in connection with the OrbiMed Letter Agreement. 
 The Borrower and ROS entered into a letter agreement dated October 20, 2016 (the  ROS Letter Agreement ), pursuant to which ROS agreed, until 11:59 p.m. New York City time on July 1, 2017, to waive all rights under the Amended OrbiMed Credit Agreement and the other Loan Documents (as defined in the Amended OrbiMed Credit Agreement) to declare an  Event of Default  or other breach under such documents as a result of the Company s or the Borrower s failure to maintain an effective registration statement, as required by the warrant issued by the Company to ROS, dated February 22, 2016, to purchase 1,673,981 shares of Common Stock.  Pursuant to the ROS Letter Agreement, ROS acknowledged and agreed that the Borrower s receipt of notice of the effectiveness of a registration statement would cure any such breach.  
 In accordance with the ROS Letter Agreement, ROS also agreed to waive all rights under the Amended OrbiMed Credit Agreement and the other Loan Documents to declare an  Event of Default  or other breach under such documents as a result of the Company s or the Borrower s failure to timely file documents (the  Delayed Filings ) with the Securities and Exchange Commission or ASX since February 22, 2016.  Pursuant to the ROS Letter Agreement, ROS acknowledged and agreed that the filing by the Borrower of the Delayed Filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission and the ASX will cure any such breach so long as the Borrower files such Delayed Filings by November 7, 2016. 
 The Company determined that the Amended Credit Agreement and the Amended Royalty Agreement should be accounted for as two separate units. Accordingly, the Company allocated the proceeds from the Loans on a residual basis between the two units based on their relative fair values. As a result, on the Counterparty Closing Date, the royalty liability was determined to have a fair value of $7.0 million and the initial $40.0 million provided under the Credit Agreement was allocated to the remaining proceeds of $33.0 million. The $20.0 million from the two additional tranches that were funded during the three months ended March 31, 2015 and the $10.0 million received during the three months ended December 31, 2015 were reflected as incremental debt. The carrying value of the debt will be accreted to the face value over the loan term based on the effective interest rate. The royalty liability will be adjusted to fair value on a quarterly basis. As of March 31, 2016, the fair value of the royalty liability was $5.1 million. 
 There are cross-defaults in the Amended Credit Agreement, Metro Bank loan (as described below) and Keystone/CFA Loan (as described below), so that a default under one agreement could trigger a default under the others. Metro Bank, the Lender under the Amended Credit Agreement, Keystone Redevelopment Group, LLC and Commonwealth Financing Authority are parties to an intercreditor agreement. 
  Senior Secured Convertible Note  
 On February 22, 2016, the Company and certain of its subsidiaries entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement (the  Counterparty SPA ) with Amgen Inc. (the  Counterparty ), pursuant to which Counterparty agreed to purchase from the Company a new series of 6% Senior Secured Convertible Notes Due 2023 in the aggregate original principal amount of up to $55.0 million (the  Notes ). The Notes may be issued in up to three separate closings. The Company issued to Counterparty the first Note in the aggregate original principal amount of $30.0 million on February 22, 2016 (the  2016 Convertible Note ) and Counterparty paid to the Company $30.0 million in exchange therefor. Counterparty may purchase up to an additional $25.0 million in Notes over the next two years, $15.0 million of which may be purchased in January 2017 (the  2017 Convertible Note ) and $10.0 million of which may be purchased in January 2018 (the  2018 Convertible Note ).  There can be no assurance that Counterparty will elect to purchase the 2017 Convertible Note and/or the 2018 Convertible Note. 
   Interest under the 2016 Convertible Note accrues at a rate of 6% per year and will be paid quarterly in arrears through the addition of the amount of such interest to the then outstanding principal amount. All or part of the principal and accrued interest will  
 29 

be repaid through (i) discounted pricing on purchases by the Counterparty of the Company s products, (ii) credits taken by the Count  erparty against development and customization fees for devices, and (iii) credits against per-unit royalties otherwise payable to the Company for the manufacture and sale of the Company s products. In addition, the Company has the right to prepay in cash a  ll or part of the principal and accrued interest at any time upon 15 business days  prior notice, subject to the Counterparty s conversion right with respect to the contemplated prepayment amount. The Company is required to pay in cash any amounts of princ  ipal and accrued interest outstanding at the Maturity Date  .  
 The 2016 Convertible Note is convertible at the Counterparty s election into shares of Common Stock at any time after February 22, 2016 and prior to the Maturity Date, at a price per share that is 90% of the volume weighted average price of such shares during the twenty (20) trading days preceding the applicable conversion date (the  Discounted Sale Price ), subject to a floor price of $12.50 per share (the  Conversion Rate Floor Price ). The Conversion Rate Floor Price is subject to customary adjustments for certain capital events. 
 The Counterparty may cause the redemption of the 2016 Convertible Note upon any event of default by the Company. Events of default under the 2016 Convertible Note include, among others, a failure by the Company to convert the 2016 Convertible Note upon proper notice by the Counterparty or pay principal and interest on the 2016 Convertible Note when due; an acceleration of any other indebtedness under the Amended Credit Agreement or other indebtedness of the Company in excess of $1.0 million; a bankruptcy of the Company; a judgment against the Company in excess of $1.0 million; a representation or warranty made in the Transaction Documents is materially false or misleading when made; a material breach by the Company of a covenant or other term or condition in the Transaction Documents; the Transaction Documents cease to be effective; the termination or amendment of the Eighth Amendment to the Credit Agreement or the Sixth Amendment to the Royalty Agreement; and the incurrence of a lien on collateral that is not a permitted lien. The Company is required to redeem for cash the 2016 Convertible Note upon a change of control of the Company in an amount equal to 101% of the aggregate principal and accrued interest outstanding as of the change of control. 
 The 2016 Convertible Note also provides the Counterparty with certain rights to acquire additional shares of Common Stock or other securities or assets of the Company, as applicable, in the event: (i) the Company grants, issues or sells any options, convertible securities or rights to purchase stock, warrants, securities or other property pro rata to the holders of Common Stock; or (ii) the Company makes certain other distributions to Company stockholders such that, in the case of (i) or (ii), the Counterparty receives, in addition to the shares of Common Stock otherwise issuable upon conversion of the 2016 Convertible Note, the shares of Common Stock or other securities or assets, as applicable, that the Counterparty would have been entitled to receive if the Counterparty had converted the 2016 Convertible Note into Common Stock immediately prior to such event. 
 The 2016 Convertible Note is secured by the Collateral. The Counterparty has agreed to preserve license rights granted to other customers for any license rights granted prior to a foreclosure. The terms and conditions of the 2017 Convertible Note and the 2018 Convertible Note, if purchased by the Counterparty, are substantially the same as the terms and conditions of the 2016 Convertible Note, except that the  Conversion Rate Floor Price  will be the greater of (x) $12.50, (y) the closing sale price of the Common Stock on the trading day preceding the issuance date, and (z) the book value per share of Common Stock on the trading day immediately preceding the issuance date. 
 The Company determined that the conversion feature should be accounted for as a stock put option and would be bifurcated from the value of the 2016 Convertible Note and treated as a derivative liability.  The initial fair value of the derivative liability was determined to be $1.7 million.  The fair value of this liability will be adjusted to fair market value on a recurring basis.  As of March 31, 2016, the fair market value was determined to be $1.1 million. 
 The Counterparty may purchase up to an additional $15.0 million in Notes in January 2017, and up to an additional $10.0 million in Notes in January 2018.  
 On September 29, 2016, the Company and the Counterparty entered into a letter agreement (the  Counterparty Letter Agreement ). Pursuant to the Counterparty Letter Agreement, Amgen agreed (i) until 11:59 p.m. New York City time on July 1, 2017, to waive any and all rights whatsoever that the Counterparty has or may have under the Securities Purchase Agreement that the Company entered into with Counterparty in February 2016 (the   Counterparty  SPA ) and certain related transaction documents to declare an  Event of Default  under the 2016 Convertible Note as a result of the Company s failure to timely file the March 2016 10-Q or the 2016 10-K (together, the  Securities Filings  and (ii) that the filing by the Company of the Securities Filings with the SEC will cure any breach of Section 6.3 of the  Counterparty  SPA as a result of the Company s failure to timely file the Securities Filings with the SEC. 
   Under section 6.3 of the Counterparty SPA, the Company is required to, until the date on which the Counterparty has sold all the shares of the Company s common stock into which the Notes are convertible (the  Conversion Shares ) and none of the Notes are outstanding, (i) timely file all reports required to be filed with the SEC pursuant to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the  
 30 

Exchange Act ) or the rules and regulations thereunder and (ii) not take any action or file any document (whether or not permitt  ed by the Securities Act of 1933 (the  Securities Act ) or the rules promulgated thereunder) to terminate or suspend the Company s reporting and filing obligations under the Exchange Act or Securities Act, (iii) take all actions necessary to maintain the C  ompany s eligibility to register the Conversion Shares for resale by the Counterparty on Form S-3, and (iv) use its commercially reasonable efforts to take all action as may be required as a condition to the availability of Rule 144 under the Securities Ac  t with respect to the Company s common stock.  
                         
  Mortgage Loan  
 In October 2010, Cross Farm entered into the Loan Agreement with First National Bank (formerly known as Metro Bank), pursuant to which First National Bank provided Cross Farm with two mortgage loans in the amounts of $14.25 million ( First Mortgage ) and $3.75 million ( Second Mortgage ). The proceeds received were used to finance the purchase of land and construction of the Company s corporate headquarters and manufacturing facility in York, Pennsylvania. In connection with the credit agreement, the Company entered into the Metro Bank Amendment pursuant to which the Second Mortgage due October 2020 was repaid. Cross Farm is paying principal and interest on the First Mortgage, with interest at a fixed rate of 6.00%. 
 The original First National Bank loan documents contain certain customary covenants, including the maintenance of a debt service reserve account in the amount of $2.4 million, classified as restricted cash on the consolidated balance sheets, which will remain in place until Cross Farm and First National Bank agree on the financial covenants. In addition the Company is required to maintain a cash balance of $5.0 million inclusive of the $2.4 million reserve account. The terms of the original First National Bank loan documents allow the Company to use the debt service reserve account to pay monthly debt service on the mortgage loans, so long as the balance in the account is at least $1.6 million and is replenished to $2.4 million every six months. The Company is in compliance with its debt covenants as of and for the nine months ended March 31, 2016. However, there can be no assurance that the Company will be able to maintain the debt service reserve account balance for a period of 12 months from March 31, 2016. Cross Farm may prepay the loan without penalty. The U.S. Department of Agriculture has guaranteed $8.0 million of the mortgage loan due December 2031. In connection with the First Mortgage, the Company has given First National Bank a lien on the building and real estate and the debt service reserve account. 
  Commonwealth of Pennsylvania Financing Authority Loan  
 In December 2010, Cross Farm received a $2.25 million loan from Keystone Redevelopment Group, LLC ( Keystone ) for land and the construction of its current manufacturing facility. The loan bears interest at a rate of 5.00% per annum, matures in January 2021 and is secured by a third mortgage on the facility. Keystone assigned the loan and mortgage (the  Keystone/CFA Loan ) to the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania Financing Authority. In connection with the Keystone/CFA Loan, Cross Farm entered into an intercreditor agreement by which the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania agreed that it would not exercise its rights in the event of a default by Cross Farm without the consent of Metro Bank, which holds the first mortgage on the facility. 
  Loan from our Former CEO  
 On September 30, 2015, the Company obtained a loan in the amount of $0.6 million from Alan Shortall, the Company s former Chairman and Chief Executive Officer.  During February 2016, the loan was repaid in full including payment of interest to Mr. Shortall at the minimum applicable federal rate, which interest was less than $0.1 million. 

31 

10  .   Net Loss Per Share  
 The Company s net loss per share is as follows: 

Due to the Company s net losses, unvested shares of restricted stock (participating securities) totaling 899,975 and 924,463 were excluded from the calculation of basic and diluted net loss per share during the three months ended March 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively, and unvested shares of restricted stock (participating securities) totaling 990,236 and 571,609 were excluded from the calculation of basic and diluted net loss per share during the nine months ended March 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively. 
 In addition, stock options and warrants (non-participating securities) totaling 1,053,730 and 346,192 during the three months ended March 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively, were excluded from the calculation of diluted net loss per share and stock options (non-participating securities) totaling 564,530 and 359,625 during the nine months ended March 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively, were excluded from the calculation of diluted net loss per share, as their effect would have been anti-dilutive. Certain of these stock options were excluded solely due to the Company s net loss position. Had the Company reported net income during the three months ended March 31, 2016 and 2015, these shares would have had an effect of 0 and 35,476 diluted shares, respectively, for purposes of calculating diluted net income per share. Had the Company reported net income during the nine months ended March 31, 2016 and 2015, these shares would have had an effect of 0 and 16,746 diluted shares, respectively, for purposes of calculating diluted net income per share. The impact of the potential conversion of 2016 Convertible Note of 2,415,600 diluted shares was also excluded from the calculation of diluted net loss per share for the three and nine months ended March 31, 2016 as their effect would have been anti-dilutive. 

11. Contingencies 
 From time to time, the Company is involved in various legal proceedings, claims, suits and complaints arising out of the normal course of business. Based on the facts currently available to the Company, management believes that these claims, suits and complaints are adequately provided for, covered by insurance, without merit or that it is not probable that an unfavorable outcome will result. 
 In addition, the Company is or was involved in the following legal proceedings. A former employee, Talbot Smith, who was terminated for cause by Unilife, filed a civil complaint in the United States District Court of the Eastern District of Pennsylvania on August 30, 2013, and an amended complaint on March 5, 2014, alleging that he was wrongly terminated in retaliation for making allegations about the Company s compliance practices. Following the discovery process, Mr. Smith dismissed his claims against the Company with prejudice. In connection with the resolution and dismissal of the action, Mr. Smith agreed to make a payment to the Company to settle counter claims the Company had brought against him. Mr. Smith received no payment as part of the resolution and dismissal of his claims against the Company, his attorney received a reduced portion of her fees from the Company s insurer, and the matter is now concluded. 
 32 

As previously disclosed, subsequent to the filing of an OSHA complaint by Mr. Smith, we received   a subpoena from the staff of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the  Staff ) requesting the Company to provide certain information to the Staff, which is generally consistent with the meritless allegations made by Mr. Smith in his OSHA complaint  . In his complaint filed in the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Pennsylvania, Mr. Smith stated that he provided the Staff with information about his allegations in July and August 2012. The Company responded to that subpoena and ha  s received additional subpoenas and requests for information from the Staff, requesting additional information consistent with the first subpoena.   The Staff has also requested information about public statements made by the Company s former Chief Executive   Officer. The Company has provided the requested information   to the Staff  .  
 On May 8, 2016, the Company announced an investigation into violations of the Company s policies and procedures and possible violations of laws and regulations by the Company s former Chief Executive Officer, Alan Shortall, whose employment with the Company ceased on March 11, 2016, and its former Chairman, Jim Bosnjak, who  resigned from the Board on August 24, 2015  (the  Investigation ).  The Investigation was completed on October 7, 2016, and  the Company has reported to the SEC on the Company s findings from the Investigation, has responded to questions from the Staff regarding the findings, and is cooperating fully with the Staff.   To date, the SEC has not indicated whether any fines or penalties will be assessed against the Company in relation to these matters.  The Company is unable to predict  what action the SEC or other regulatory authority may take, if any, in relation to these matters or the impact, if any, of any such action on the Company s business, operations, cash flows and/or financial condition. If any fines or penalties are assessed against the Company, they may be material.   
 As previously disclosed, on January 8, 2014, the Company was served with a derivative complaint filed in the Delaware Chancery Court (the  Court ) by Cambridge Retirement System ( Cambridge ), a purported stockholder of the Company, against its then-current Board of Directors to recover allegedly  excessive and wasteful  compensation paid to the non-executive directors since 2010. In June, 2014, pursuant to the Company s motion to dismiss the complaint, the Court dismissed Cambridge s complaint with respect to the directors  equity grants, but denied the motion with respect to their cash compensation.  The Company filed an answer to the remaining claims in July 2014 and, in June 2015, the Company and Cambridge entered into a Memorandum of Understanding ( MOU ) agreeing to the basic terms of a non-monetary settlement of the action. 
 On March 18, 2016, Cambridge agreed to voluntarily dismiss its derivative complaint.  No compensation in any form was provided to either Cambridge or its counsel in exchange for its agreement to voluntarily dismiss the lawsuit.  Because Cambridge agreed to voluntarily dismiss the lawsuit, the MOU has become null and void and of no further legal effect. On March 18, 2016, the Court entered a stipulated order regarding notice of the proposed dismissal of all claims in the derivative action (the  Proposed Dismissal Order ).  On April 18, 2016, the Court entered that stipulation as an order, dismissing the case with prejudice.   
 On September 14, 2015, UMSI was served with a complaint filed in the Superior Court of the State of Connecticut by Biodel, Inc. ( Biodel ) seeking (1) to temporarily enjoin UMSI from entering into a transaction that would jeopardize the Company s ability to perform its obligations under the Customization and Commercial Supply Agreement effective April 8, 2013 (as amended, the  First Biodel Agreement ) between Biodel and UMSI; and (2) damages under the Connecticut Unfair Trade Practices Act. Biodel alleged that UMSI had engaged in unfair and deceptive trade practices by purportedly misrepresenting its ability and willingness to satisfy its obligations under the First Biodel Agreement and requesting additional payments from Biodel to satisfy the Company s obligations. Additionally, Biodel filed a demand for arbitration with the American Arbitration Association (AAA) asserting that UMSI had breached its obligations relating to the timing and scope of its performance under the First Biodel Agreement. The Company filed counterclaims in the arbitration for commercial disparagement and breach of the confidentiality provisions of the agreement. 
 On September 2, 2016, Biodel, the Company and UMSI entered into an Asset Purchase and License Agreement (the  Second Biodel Agreement ) which provides: (a) for the termination of the First Biodel Agreement; (b) for the grant of an exclusive license for a six-month term to the intellectual property rights related to the Unilife mixing device; (c) a six-month term during which Biodel can exercise an option (the  Option ) to purchase certain assets associated with the First Biodel Agreement for $1.5 million (the  Potential Asset Sale ) and extend Biodel s license, for fees based on intellectual prosecution and maintenance costs determined on an annual basis; (c) dismissal, with prejudice, of all active proceedings in connection with the litigation and arbitration proceedings pending between Biodel and UMSI.  Under the Second Biodel Agreement, each party also releases the other party of all liability, waives all claims with prejudice, and forever holds the other party harmless from any damages arising out of relating to the First Biodel Agreement. Biodel and UMSI each paid their respective attorneys  fees and UMSI paid no monetary amount to Biodel in connection with this resolution. 
 33 

On March 24, 2016, Edward Fine filed a complaint against the Company and Unilife Medical Solutions Limited ( UMSL ) in the Superior Court of New Jersey.  The complaint alleges that the Company and UMSL are i  n breach of contract and have been unjustly enriched as a result of UMSL s failure to pay certain required payments under a consultancy agreement between Mr. Fine and UMSL.  Pursuant to the complaint, Mr. Fine is seeking monetary damages in the amount of $  288,000 in the aggregate. The Company believes that Mr. Fine s claims and demands for relief are wholly without merit and the Company is vigorously defending the action.  On August 15, 2016, we filed an Answer, Affirmative Defenses and Counterclaims, where  in we asserted counterclaims against Mr. Fine for fraud, civil conspiracy, unjust enrichment, breach of contract, and breach of the implied covenant of good faith and fair dealing arising out of Mr. Fine s role in certain previously disclosed transactions   involving Mr. Fine and Jim Bosnjak, the Company s former Chairman of the Board.  This action is currently in a 450-day discovery period which commenced on July 29, 2016.     
 On May 26 and 27, 2016, two putative class actions were filed in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York alleging that in violation of Rule 10b-5 and Section 20(a) of the Exchange Act, the Company and four individual defendants made false and/or misleading statements and/or failed to disclose: (1) that the Company s former CEO and former Chairman of the Board of Directors had violated the Company s policies and procedures and had engaged in violations of law and regulations; (2) that the Company lacked adequate internal controls over accounting and financial reporting; (3) that, as a result, the Company would be unable to file its Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended March 31, 2016 by the prescribed filing deadline; and (4) that, as a result of the foregoing, the Company s financial statements, as well as its statements about the Company s business, operations, and prospects, were false and misleading and/or lacked a reasonable basis.  The putative class actions were brought on behalf of purchasers of the Company s securities between February 3, 2014 and May 23, 2016.  On August 24, 2016, the Court consolidated the two actions, appointed lead plaintiffs and lead counsel, and set a deadline of October 24, 2016 for Plaintiffs to file an amended complaint.  The Company intends to vigorously contest this lawsuit.   
 On July 11, July 28, and August 1, 2016, respectively, derivative complaints were filed in the Court of Common Pleas in York County, Pennsylvania against 11 current or former directors and/or officers, alleging (i) breach of their fiduciary duties, (ii) unjust enrichment, (iii) abuse of control, (iv) gross mismanagement, and (v) corporate waste.  The complaints allege, among other things, that the individual defendants breached the fiduciary duties they owed to the Company by (1) grossly mismanaging the Company and perpetuating a variety of self-serving schemes to benefit themselves and other interested parties and (2) making and/or causing the Company to make false/misleading statements or omissions of fact in its public disclosures.  The complaints further allege that as a result of this alleged conduct, the Company will lose and expend millions of dollars.  The Company intends to vigorously contest these lawsuits. 
 On August 17, 2016, Kahle Automation, S.r.l. ( Kahle ) filed a complaint against Unilife Medical Solutions, Inc. ( UMS ) in the United States District Court for the District of New Jersey.  The complaint alleges that UMS breached contracts with Kahle for Kahle s supply of automation systems for UMS  Nexus and Finesse product lines.  Kahle seeks monetary damages of $4.2 million which includes alleged damages that we believe are not recoverable, such as $0.9 million for bank fees, and $0.8 million for lost profits.  Kahle also seeks injunctive relief enjoining UMS from using the Nexus System and requiring UMS to take delivery of work in process related to the Finesse System.  UMS disputes Kahle s allegations that UMS terminated its agreement with Kahle for the Finesse System.  We intend to defend ourselves vigorously against these claims.    
 The Company believes that depending on the outcome, certain of these matters may have a material impact to the Company or its business.  

12. Revenue 
 The Company recognized $0.8 million and $2.9 million of revenue during the three months ended March 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively. The Company recognized $8.5 million and $9.7 million of revenue during the nine months ended March 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively. 
 During the three months ended March 31, 2016, two customers accounted for 69% and 29% of consolidated revenue, respectively. During the three months ended March 31, 2015, three customers accounted for 31%, 28%, and 19% of consolidated revenue, respectively. During the nine months ended March 31, 2016, three customers accounted for 36%, 28% and 25% of consolidated revenue, respectively. During the nine months ended March 31, 2015, two customers accounted for 42% and 33% of consolidated revenue, respectively. 
 34 

2016  
 During the three and nine months ended March 31, 2016, the Company recognized $0.0 million and $3.9 million of revenue, respectively, related to substantive milestones, as follows: 
 The Company recognized $0.0 million and $1.7 million of revenue during the three and nine months ended March 31, 2016, respectively, pursuant to a feasibility agreement with a customer related to substantive milestones that were completed and accepted. This agreement provides for certain customization and development activities for a drug delivery system to be performed for the customer and provides for payments to be made upon the completion of agreed-upon substantive milestones. An initial up-front payment of $0.1 million was determined to be non-substantive and was recognized on a straight line basis over the expected term of the agreement. The remaining milestones were determined to be substantive at the time the agreement was entered into. Substantive milestones that were achieved during the nine months ended March 31, 2016 are as follows: 

$0.5 million for development and delivery of additional human factor stimuli and a report on updated product requirements; and     

$1.2 million for development and delivery of semi-functional prototypes and related feasibility, product requirement, and risk management reports.     

 There are no remaining substantive milestones under this agreement. 
 The Company recognized $0.0 million and $1.5 million of revenue during the three and nine months ended March 31, 2016, respectively, pursuant to a master services and supply agreement with a customer related to substantive milestones that were completed and accepted. This agreement provides for certain customization and development activities for a drug delivery system to be performed for the customer and provides for payments to be made upon the completion of agreed-upon substantive milestones. An initial up-front payment of $1.1 million was determined to be non-substantive and is being recognized on a straight-line basis over the expected term of the agreement. The remaining milestones were determined to be substantive at the time the agreement was entered into. Substantive milestones that were achieved during the nine months ended March 31, 2016 are as follows: 

$0.6 million for development and delivery of a complete system layout;     

$0.3 million for development and delivery of components for a human factor study; and     

$0.6 million for development and delivery of feasibility devices for testing;     

 The remaining substantive milestones as of March 31, 2016 are as follows: 

$0.6 million for development and delivery of a clinical production process;     

$0.4 million for development and delivery of components for a human factor study;     

$0.4 million for completion of testing of assembly equipment;     

$0.3 million for completion of filling process of clinical devices;     

$0.4 million for delivery of containers for the filling process; and     

$0.3 million for delivery of devices for clinical studies.     

 The Company recognized $0.0 million and $0.3 million of revenue during the three and nine months ended March 31, 2016, pursuant to a feasibility agreement with a customer related to substantive milestones that were completed and accepted. This agreement provides for certain customization and development activities for a drug delivery system to be performed for the customer and provides for payments to be made upon the completion of agreed-upon milestones. An initial up-front payment of $0.5 million was determined to be non-substantive and was recognized on a straight-line basis over the expected term of the agreement. The remaining milestones were determined to be substantive at the time the agreement was entered into. Substantive milestones that were achieved during the nine months ended March 31, 2016 are as follows: 

$0.3 million for development and delivery of a summary report related to testing and documentation activities.     

 There are no remaining substantive milestones under this agreement. 
   The Company recognized $0.0 million and $0.4 million of revenue during the three and nine months ended March 31, 2016, pursuant to a master services and supply agreement with a customer related to substantive milestones that were completed and accepted. This agreement provides for certain customization and development activities for a drug delivery system to be performed for  
 35 

the customer and provide  s for payments to be made upon the completion of agreed-upon substantive milestones. An initial up-front payment of $1.0 million was determined to be non-substantive and was recognized on a straight-line basis over the expected term of the agreement. The r  emaining milestones were determined to be substantive at the time the agreement was entered into. Substantive milestones that were achieved during the nine months ended March 31, 2016 are as follows:  

$0.4 million for development and delivery of feasibility devices for testing;     

 The remaining substantive milestones as of March 31, 2016 are as follows: 

$0.6 million for delivery of design transfer for the Device and the related filling equipment and fixtures; and     

$0.3 million for commissioning of the pilot line.     

 During the three and nine months ended March 31, 2016, the Company recognized $0.8 million and $4.6 million, respectively, in revenue related to services rendered on a time and materials basis, proportional performance method, the completed contract method and/or straight line basis over the requisite service period pursuant to customer agreements to provide various customization and development services. 
 On December 31, 2015, the Company entered into an exclusivity agreement (the  Exclusivity Agreement ) with Amgen Inc. (the  Counterparty ). Pursuant to the Agreement, the Counterparty paid to the Company a non-refundable $15.0 million license fee (the  First License Fee ). Furthermore on February 22, 2016,  the Company granted the Counterparty exclusive rights to the Company s wearable injectors within select drug classes for use with certain assets, while preserving rights the Company previously granted to other customers. The Company has also granted to the Counterparty non-exclusive rights to all of the Company s proprietary delivery systems within the therapeutic areas of oncology, inflammation, bone health, nephrology, cardiovascular and neuroscience. The Counterparty paid to the Company an additional non-refundable $20.0 million fee (the  Second License Fee ) in consideration for such licenses.  Both the First License Fee and the Second License Fee were recorded in long-term deferred revenue as of March 31, 2016 and were paid as consideration for the following non-exclusive and exclusive rights and licenses: 

The Company granted to the Counterparty a perpetual, worldwide non-exclusive license under the patents, know-how and technology of the Company for the Company to develop, manufacture and supply wearable injector devices existing as of the closing (including any improvements or modified versions) for use with certain large volume drug products of the Counterparty.      

In addition, the Company granted to the Counterparty a perpetual, worldwide exclusive license under the patents, know-how and technology of the Company for the Company to develop, manufacture and supply the Company s 1mL wearable injector existing as of the closing (including any improvements or modified version to the same) for use with certain small volume drug products. Except as discussed below, the wearable injector devices will be developed and manufactured by the Company. The Counterparty will be required to pay the Company an amount for each device manufactured by the Company, based on annual volumes and device features.     

 In addition to the Exclusivity Agreement, the Company also entered into a Master Development and Supply Agreement with the Counterparty on the Counterparty Closing Date that captures key terms for the development, production and supply of the Company s delivery systems.  The Company has a pre-existing Master Feasibility and Customization Agreement with the Counterparty entered into in the ordinary course of our business on December 2, 2015. 
 36 

2015  
 During the three and nine months ended March 31, 2015, the Company recognized $0.6 million and $3.7 million of revenue, respectively, related to substantive milestones, as follows: 
 The Company recognized $0.0 million and $2.3 million of revenue during the three and nine months ended March 31, 2015, respectively, pursuant to a feasibility agreement with a customer related to substantive milestones that were completed and accepted during the respective periods. This agreement provides for certain customization and development activities for a drug delivery system to be performed for the customer and provides for payments to be made upon the completion of agreed-upon substantive milestones. An initial up-front payment of $0.1 million was determined to be non-substantive and is being recognized on a straight line basis over the expected term of the agreement. The remaining milestones were determined to be substantive at the time the agreement was entered into. Substantive milestones that were achieved during the nine months ended March 31, 2015 are as follows: 

$0.4 million for development and delivery of a detailed project plan and a failure mode and effects analysis report;     

$0.4 million for development and delivery of a report on preliminary product requirements and a risk management plan; and     

$1.5 million for development and delivery of human factor stimuli and related supporting documents.     

 The remaining substantive milestones as of March 31, 2015 were as follows: 

$0.4 million for development and delivery of additional human factor stimuli;     

$0.5 million for development and delivery of additional human factor stimuli and a report on updated product requirements; and     

$1.2 million for development and delivery of semi-functional prototypes and related feasibility, product requirement, and risk management reports.     

 The Company recognized $0.5 million and $0.9 million of revenue during the three and nine months ended March 31, 2015, respectively, pursuant to a feasibility agreement with a customer related to substantive milestones that was completed and accepted during the respective periods. This agreement provides for certain customization and development activities for a drug delivery system to be performed for the customer and provides for payments to be made upon the completion of agreed-upon milestones. An initial up-front payment of $0.45 million was determined to be non-substantive and is being recognized on a straight line basis over the expected term of the agreement. The remaining milestones were determined to be substantive at the time the agreement was entered into. Substantive milestones that were achieved during the three and nine months ended March 31, 2015 are as follows: 

$0.5 million for development and delivery of a report on device design options as well as potential manufacturing and assembly processes; and     

$0.5 million for development and delivery of product samples and related supporting documents.     

 The remaining substantive milestone as of March 31, 2015 was as follows: 

$0.2 million for development and delivery of a summary report related to testing and documentation activities.     

 The Company recognized $0.1 million and $0.3 million of revenue during the three and nine months ended March 31, 2015, respectively, pursuant to a feasibility agreement with a customer related to substantive milestones that were completed and accepted during the respective periods. This agreement provides for certain customization and development activities for a drug delivery system to be performed for the customer and provides for payments to be made upon the completion of agreed-upon milestones. The milestones were determined to be substantive at the time the agreement was entered into. Substantive milestones that were achieved during the three and nine months ended March 31, 2015 are as follows: 

$0.1 million for development and delivery of a report related to human factor studies and quality requirements;     

$0.1 million for development and delivery of devices for compatibility and stability functional testing and related reporting; and     

$0.1 million for development and delivery of devices for human factor study and related reporting.     

 There are no remaining substantive milestones under this agreement. 
 37 

The Company recognized $0.0 million and $0.2 million of revenue during the three and nine mon  ths ended March 31, 2015, respectively, pursuant to a feasibility agreement with a customer related to substantive milestones that were completed and accepted during the respective periods. This agreement provides for certain customization and development   activities for a drug delivery system to be performed for the customer and provides for payments to be made upon the completion of agreed-upon milestones. The milestones were determined to be substantive at the time the agreement was entered into. Substant  ive milestones that were achieved during the nine months ended March 31, 2015 are as follows:  

$0.1 million for development of customized devices for testing; and     

$0.1 million for development and delivery of testing activities and related reporting.     

 There are no remaining substantive milestones under this agreement. 
 During the three and nine months ended March 31, 2015, the Company recognized $2.3 million and $6.0 million, respectively, in revenue related to services rendered on a time and materials basis, proportional performance method and/or straight line basis over the requisite service period pursuant to customer agreements to provide various customization and development services. 

13. Departure of Officers; Appointment of Officers 
 As of March 11, 2016, Alan D. Shortall s employment as Chief Executive Officer of the Company ceased and Mr. Shortall resigned from his positions as Chairman of the Board and as a member of the Board. In addition, as of March 11, 2016 the employment of Ramin Mojdeh, Ph.D. as the Company s President and Chief Operating Officer ceased. 
 Effective March 14, 2016, the Board appointed John Ryan as the Interim President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company. On July 28, 2016, the Board appointed Mr. Ryan as the Company s President and Chief Executive Officer and also appointed Mr. Ryan to serve as a member of the Board. 
 The Company and Mr. Shortall entered into a General Release effective as of March 14, 2016 (the  Shortall Agreement ) pursuant to which the Company agreed to pay to Mr. Shortall the following lump sum cash payments: (i) $0.4 million, which amount represented twelve months of severance pay at Mr. Shortall s base salary as of March 11, 2016; (ii) $0.4 million in full satisfaction of amounts otherwise owed pursuant to the Employment Agreement, effective as of October 1, 2011, between the Company and Mr. Shortall, as amended (the  Shortall Employment Agreement  (iii) $0.4 million in full satisfaction of any bonus to which Mr. Shortall may have been entitled to for 2015; (iv) $57 thousand in respect of Mr. Shortall s unused vacation time; (v) $20 thousand as reimbursement for the reasonable and appropriate relocation expenses that Mr. Shortall previously incurred in connection with his relocation to the King of Prussia, Pennsylvania area; and (vi) $0.1 million as reimbursement for all reasonable relocation expenses incurred by Mr. Shortall and his family for repatriation to Australia. In addition, the Company agreed to pay $20 thousand of the legal fees incurred by Mr. Shortall in connection with the Shortall Agreement and to pay for the cost of Mr. Shortall s group health coverage under any Company benefit plan for twelve months in accordance with the Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1985 ( COBRA ). The cash payments set forth in (i)-(iv) and (vi) above were not paid to Mr. Shortall as they were offset in full by withholding obligations of the Company as a result of the vesting of restricted shares described below. 
 Under the Shortall Agreement, 400,000 unvested restricted shares that were granted to Mr. Shortall by the Company pursuant to the Restricted Stock Agreement, dated November 14, 2014, became fully vested.  The Company recorded $3.5 million in share-based compensation expense relating to this vesting and reversed $3.3 million in expense which related to the original grant. 
 Pursuant to the Shortall Agreement, the Company and Mr. Shortall executed a mutual release of claims. In addition, Mr. Shortall agreed to assign all inventions and works created by Mr. Shortall during his employment with the Company, to the extent that any such inventions and works were not previously assigned to the Company. Mr. Shortall also agreed to continue to comply with the confidentiality, non-solicitation and non-compete obligations under the Shortall Employment Agreement and to certain trading restrictions with respect to the shares of Common Stock which he holds. 
 The Shortall Agreement contains customary representations and warranties on the part of Mr. Shortall. 
 On March 11, 2016, the Company and Mr. Shortall entered into a Consulting Agreement (the  Shortall Consulting Agreement ), pursuant to which Mr. Shortall agreed to provide to the Company consulting, organizational and strategic services until March 11, 2018, as directed or authorized from time to time by the Board or the Company s Chief Executive Officer (collectively, the  Shortall Services ). On July 28, 2016, the Shortall Consulting Agreement was terminated as a result of Mr. Shortall s failure to fulfill his duties under the Shortall Consulting Agreement pursuant to Paragraph 6 thereof. 
 38 

Pursuant to the Shortall Consulting Agreement, Mr. Shortall agreed to provide the Shortall Services exclu  sively to the Company and to not render any type of services to a competitor of the Company s business from March 11, 2016 until March 11, 2018.  
 In consideration of the Shortall Services, the Company had agreed to (i) pay to Mr. Shortall an amount equal to twelve thousand five hundred dollars per calendar month from March 11, 2016 until March 11, 2018; (ii) issue to Mr. Shortall 1,000 shares of Common Stock per calendar month from March 11, 2016 until March 11, 2018; and (iii) if prior to March 11, 2021 the per share closing price of the Common Stock exceeded certain thresholds, issue to Mr. Shortall a number of shares of Common Stock (based on the stock price milestone that is achieved), up to a maximum of 100,000 shares of Common Stock.  As Mr. Shortall was considered to be a  related party  of the Company under the Listing Rules of the Australian Securities Exchange ( ASX ), the Company determined that the above-described issuances of shares under the Consulting Agreement would be subject to shareholder approval under ASX Listing Rule 10.11. As a result of the findings from the Investigation, the Company has determined not to issue these shares and therefore will not seek shareholder approval for the issuance. 
  The Company and Dr. Mojdeh entered into a General Release effective as of March 14, 2016 (the  Mojdeh Agreement ) pursuant to which the Company agreed to pay to Dr. Mojdeh the following cash payments: (i) $0.4 million, which amount represents twelve months of severance pay at Dr. Mojdeh s base salary as of March 11, 2016, to be paid in equal installments over a twelve-month period; and (ii) $32 thousand in respect of Dr. Mojdeh s unused vacation time, to be    paid in a lump sum. The Company also agreed to pay to Dr. Mojdeh an amount equal to $0.3 million, to be paid in equal installments over a twelve-month period, which amount represents Dr. Mojdeh s target bonus pursuant to the Employment Agreement, effective as of July 1, 2012, between the Company and Dr. Mojdeh, as amended (the  Mojdeh Employment Agreement ). In addition, the Company agreed to pay up to $20 thousand of the legal fees incurred by Dr. Mojdeh in connection with the Mojdeh Agreement and to pay for the cost of Dr. Mojdeh s group health coverage under any Company benefit plan for twelve months in accordance with COBRA. The cash payments described in this paragraph were not paid to Dr. Mojdeh as such amounts (other than the $20 thousand payment for the legal fees incurred by Dr. Mojdeh in connection with the Mojdeh Agreement) were offset in full by withholding obligations of the Company as a result of such share issuance to Dr. Mojdeh and the vesting of restricted shares described below. 
 Pursuant to the Mojdeh Agreement, the Company granted to Dr. Mojdeh on March 14, 2016 380,000 fully vested and transferable shares of Common Stock. The Company recorded $3.3 million in share-based compensation expense related to this issuance.  Under the Mojdeh Agreement, 16,750 unvested restricted shares that were granted to Dr. Mojdeh by the Company pursuant to the Restricted Stock Agreements, dated May 28, 2013 and May 15, 2014, became fully vested. 
 Pursuant to the Mojdeh Agreement, the Company and Dr. Mojdeh executed a mutual release of claims. In addition, Dr. Mojdeh agreed to assign all inventions and works created by Dr. Mojdeh during his employment with the Company. Dr. Mojdeh also agreed to continue to comply with the confidentiality, non-solicitation and non-compete obligations under the Mojdeh Employment Agreement and to certain trading restrictions with respect to the shares of Common Stock which he holds. 
 The Mojdeh Agreement contains customary representations and warranties on the part of Dr. Mojdeh. 
 On July 25, 2016, the Company s employment of Mark Iampietro as the Company s Vice President of Quality and Regulatory Affairs and Chief Compliance Officer was ended by the Company without cause. Pursuant to the Employment Agreement, dated November 6, 2014, by and between the Company and Mr. Iampietro, Mr. Iampietro is entitled to (i) receive $252,000 over a period of 12 months following the termination, which amount represents Mr. Iampietro s base salary as of the termination, (ii) continue to receive group health benefits for a period of 12 months following the termination, and (iii) receive $88,200 over a period of 12 months following the termination, which amount represents the amount of the bonus earned by and paid to Mr. Iampietro in 2015 as well as the target bonus for which Mr. Iampietro was eligible to earn in 2016.  In addition, all of Mr. Iampietro s outstanding and unvested options and other stock-based awards immediately vested.    
 On July 28, 2016: 

the Board appointed Michael E. Kamarck to serve as a member of the Board;     

the Board appointed Ian Hanson as the Company s Chief Operating Officer in addition to his roles as the Company s Senior Vice President;      

due to results of the Investigation, Dennis P. Pyers was removed from his position as the Company s Senior Vice President, Controller, Treasurer and Chief Accounting Officer and was appointed as the Company s Senior Advisor, Special Projects; and     

the Board appointed David Hastings as the Company s Chief Accounting Officer and Treasurer in addition to his roles as the Company s Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer;     

 39 

the Board appointed Stephanie Walters as Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary; and     

the Board appointed Molly Weaver, Ph.D., as Vice President of Quality and Regulatory Affairs and Chief Compliance Officer.     

14. Fair Value Measurements 
 The Company categorizes its assets and liabilities measured at fair value into a fair value hierarchy that prioritizes the inputs used in pricing the asset or liability. The three levels of the fair value hierarchy are as follows: 
 Level 1    Quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities.  
 Level 2    Observable inputs other than quoted prices included in Level 1, such as quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets; quoted prices for identical or similar assets and liabilities in markets that are not active; or other inputs that are observable or can be corroborated by observable market data.  
 Level 3    Unobservable inputs that are supported by little or no market activity and that are significant to the fair value of the assets or liabilities. This includes certain pricing models, discounted cash flow methodologies and similar techniques that use significant unobservable inputs.  
 The levels in the fair value hierarchy within which a fair value measurement in its entirety falls is based on the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement in its entirety. 
 The following table presents the Company s liabilities that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis for the periods presented: 

The following table presents the changes in the fair value of the level 3 financial instruments for the nine months ended March 31, 2016. 

Following is a description of the valuation methodologies used to measure the royalty agreement liability, the warrant liability, and the derivative liability. There have been no changes in the methodology used during the nine months ended March 31, 2016. 
 The fair value of the royalty agreement liability is based on a discounted cash flow methodology under the income approach based on the present value sum of payments expected to be made in the future. The fair value is estimated by applying a risk adjusted discount rate to the expected royalty payment stream. These fair value estimates are most sensitive to changes in the payment stream and royalty rates. 
 40 

The fa  ir value of the warrant liability is based on a Black-Scholes valuation.  The fair value estimates are most sensitive to changes in the Company s share price.  
 The fair value of the derivative liability is based on the average of a Monte Carlo model and a lattice model.  The fair value estimates are most sensitive to changes in the Company s share price. 
  Other Financial Instruments  
 The carrying amount of the Company s cash equivalents, which includes certificates of deposit, accounts receivable, accounts payable and accrued expenses approximate fair value due to the short term maturities of these items. The estimated fair value of the Company s debt approximates its carrying value based upon the rates that the Company would currently be able to receive for similar instruments of comparable maturity. 

15. Related Party Transactions 
 Loan from Mr. Shortall  
 On September 30, 2015, the Company obtained a loan in the amount of $600,000 from Alan Shortall, the Company s former Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. During February 2016, the loan was repaid in full including payment of interest to Mr. Shortall at the minimum applicable federal rate, which interest was less than $2,000.  
 Bosnjak Mortgage Correspondence 
 In July 2015, Mr. Shortall and Mr. Bosnjak, without authorization from or knowledge of the Company or its Board, caused to be transmitted to a mortgage broker for Mr. Shortall from Mr. Bosnjak correspondence that contained inaccurate statements about the Company s financial support for Mr. Shortall s purchase of and relocation to a new home.  The investigation into the matters described in this paragraph did not identify any financial loss to the Company and the Company has corrected the inaccurate statements to the mortgage broker. 
 Shortall Fund Transfers 
 Mr. Shortall deposited $2,264,475 of his own funds into the Company s bank account on June 29, 2015 and then caused the Company to disburse from the Shortall Funds $1,351,553 to third parties to complete Mr. Shortall s purchase of his new home on July 23, 2015, and the remainder back to himself on July 28, 2015.  
 For the three and nine months ended March 31, 2016 and 2015, under Mr. Shortall s direction, the Company accepted a check from Mr. Shortall in the aggregate amount of approximately $0 and $6,000, $24,000 and $24,000, respectively, and disbursed the same amount of funds to Mr. Shortall or his designees but did not deposit such checks or receive such wires from Mr. Shortall until nineteen days to twenty-seven days after the Company s disbursement of the funds.  The Company believes such transactions constituted loans from the Company to Mr. Shortall.  
 Bosnjak Loan Payments and Unreimbursed Personal Expenses 
 For the three and nine months ended March 31, 2016 and 2015, Mr. Shortall caused approximately $0 and $12,000, and $0 and $37,000, respectively in Company funds to be transmitted to a third party on behalf of Mr. Bosnjak which had no business purpose for the Company.  The Company believes that these payments constituted loans from the Company to Mr. Bosnjak, and the Company is evaluating potential actions to recover these funds.  The collection of such amounts is uncertain and the Company has recorded approximately $0 and $12,000, and $0 and $37,000 as Selling, General and Administrative Expense in the three and nine months ended March 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively. 
 For the three and nine months ended March 31, 2016 and 2015, Mr. Shortall caused the Company to pay for personal expenses of which approximately $0 and $600, and $35,000 and $59,000, respectively were not repaid to the Company (the  Unreimbursed Personal Expenses ). The Company believes the Unreimbursed Personal Expenses constituted loans from the Company to Mr. Shortall, and the Company has demanded repayment of the Unreimbursed Personal Expenses. The collection of such amounts is uncertain and the Company has recorded approximately $0 and $600, and $35,000 and $59,000 as Selling, General and Administrative Expense in the three and nine months ended March 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively. 
 41 

Advanced Withholding Payments  
 In March 2016 and July 2015, in connection with the vesting of restricted shares of the Company s common stock, the Company paid associated withholding taxes on behalf of three executive officers, its Vice President of Quality and Regulatory Affairs and Chief Compliance Officer, its Senior Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer, and its former President and Chief Operating Officer, in an aggregate amount of approximately $20,000 and $126,000 prior to being reimbursed by such executive officers. With the exception of a $400 underpayment, which the Company collected in July, 2016, such executive officers repaid the Company in full within a range of 18 to 120 days from the date of the withholding payment. The Company believes such advances constituted loans. The July 2015 delayed repayments were paid prior to September 30, 2015.  The March 2016 delayed repayments are appropriately reflected as a receivable in the Company s financial statements as of March 31, 2016. 

16. Subsequent Events 
 In June 2016, we subleased a portion (the  Subleased Portion ) of our King of Prussia offices. During the term of the sublease, which commenced on October 1, 2016 and will end on March 31, 2019, the Company will receive an aggregate of approximately $1.3 million in rent with respect to the Subleased Portion. During the same time period, the Company will be obligated under the Company s lease agreement relating to our King of Prussia offices to pay an aggregate of approximately $1.9 million in rent with respect to the Subleased Portion. Assuming the sublessor exercises its renewal option, the Company will receive approximately an additional $1.9 million over the renewal term of April 1, 2019 through June 30, 2022 and the Company will be obligated under the Company s lease agreement relating to the King of Prussia Facility to pay an aggregate of approximately $2.5 million over the same time period. The Company ceased using the Subleased Portion as of July 20, 2016. 
 On October 17, 2016, the Company received a notice from the Listing Qualifications department of NASDAQ stating that, because the Company did not maintain a minimum Market Value of Listed Securities ( MVLS ) of $50,000,000 for the last 30 consecutive business days, the Company  was no longer in compliance with NASDAQ Listing Rule 5450(b)(2)(A).  
 The Company has been provided a period of 180 calendar days, or until April 17, 2017, to regain compliance with the minimum MVLS listing requirement.  If at any time on or before April 17, 2017, the MVLS of the Company s common stock closes at $50,000,000 or more for a minimum of 10 consecutive business days, NASDAQ will provide the Company with written confirmation that the Company has achieved compliance with the minimum MVLS listing requirement and the matter will be closed.   
 In the event that the Company does not regain compliance with the minimum MVLS listing requirement on or before April 17, 2017, NASDAQ will provide the Company with written notification that its securities are subject to delisting.  At that time, the Company would be permitted to appeal the delisting determination to a NASDAQ Hearings Panel or apply to transfer its common stock to The NASDAQ Capital Market (provided that it satisfied the requirement for continued listing on that market).  

42 

Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of   Financial Condition and Results of Operations  
 Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Information 
 The following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and related notes appearing elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. This discussion and analysis includes certain forward-looking statements that involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions. You should review the  Risk Factors  section of the 2015 10-K Amendment for a discussion of important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from the results described in or implied by such forward-looking statements. 
 Certain statements in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q may constitute forward looking statements. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terms such as  may,   will,   should,   could,   would,   expects,   plans,   anticipates,   believes,   estimates,   projects,   predicts,   potential  and similar expressions intended to identify forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are based on management s beliefs and assumptions and on information currently available to our management. Our management believes that these forward-looking statements are reasonable as and when made. However, you should not place undue reliance on any such forward-looking statements because such statements speak only as of the date when made. We do not undertake any obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by law. In addition, forward-looking statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results, events and developments to differ materially from our historical experience and our present expectations or projections. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, those described in  Item 1A. Risk Factors  in the 2015 10-K Amendment and those described from time to time in other reports, which we file with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. 
 Overview 
 We are a designer, manufacturer, and supplier of innovative injectable drug delivery systems that can enhance and differentiate the injectable products of our pharmaceutical and biotechnology customers. We believe our products are differentiated from conventional products, with innovative features and functionality designed to optimize the safe, simple, and convenient administration of injectable therapies. The majority of our products are designed for sale directly to pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies who are expected to supply them as drug-device combination products, pre-filled and ready for administration by end-users, such as patients or health-care providers. We customize products within each of our platforms to address specific customer, therapy, patient and/or commercial requirements. 
 Although we have a broad portfolio of proprietary product platforms, we are now focusing our business on our wearable injector products.  We expect that by focusing primarily on active and new customer programs in our portfolio of wearable injector systems, we will improve our operating efficiencies and better position the Company to take advantage of commercial opportunities within the fast-growing market for wearable injectors. Our wearable injector customers include Amgen Inc., MedImmune LLC ( MedImmune ), and Sanofi S.A. ( Sanofi ).  
 Common Stock Reverse Stock Split 
 On May 13, 2016, pursuant to prior stockholder authorization, the Company effected a reverse split of the Company s common stock, pursuant to which every ten (10) shares of common stock outstanding before the reverse split were converted into one (1) share of common stock after the reverse split. All share and per share amounts, and exercise and conversion prices for all periods presented herein have been adjusted to reflect the reverse split as if it had occurred at the beginning of the first period presented.   
 Investigation and Amendments to Financial Statements 
 On May 8, 2016, the Company announced an investigation into violations of the Company s policies and procedures and possible violations of law and regulation by the Company s former Chief Executive Officer, Alan Shortall, whose employment with the Company ceased on March 11, 2016, and its former Chairman, Jim Bosnjak, who  resigned from the Company s Board of Directors (the  Board ) on August 24, 2015  (the  Investigation ).  
   The Investigation identified certain related party and other transactions which the Company had not previously publicly disclosed or recorded in its financial statements.  Also, as the result of Investigation, the Company was not able to timely file this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q or the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K  for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2016  (the  2016 10-K ). As a result, the Company is filing this March 2016 10-Q and is concurrently filing the 2016 10-K along with (i)  a n amendment   to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2015 (the  September 2015 10-Q Amendment  (ii) an amendment to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended December 31, 2015 (the  December 2015 10-Q Amendment  and (iii) an amendment to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal  
 43 

year   ended   June   30, 2015 (the  2015 10-  K   Amendment )  .      These amendments are being made to correct immaterial errors in the previously reported financial statements and to disclose certain material weaknesses in the Company   s internal control over financial reporting and disclosure controls and procedures.    See  Explanatory Note      above   for a summary of   the   results of the Investigation and of the   specific amendments reflected in the September 2015 10-Q Amendment  ,   the December   2015 10-Q Amendment   and the   2015 10-K Amendment.  
   
 Management and Board Changes 
  The Company no longer has any business relationship with Mr. Shortall or Mr. Bosnjak.  As of March 11, 2016, (i) Mr. Shortall s employment as Chief Executive Officer of the Company ceased and Mr. Shortall resigned from his position as Chairman of the Board, (ii) the Board appointed Mary Kate Wold to serve as its new Chair, and (iii) the employment of Ramin Mojdeh, Ph.D. as the Company s President and Chief Operating Officer ceased.    
  Effective March 14, 2016, the Board appointed John Ryan as the Company s Interim President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company.  The Board subsequently  appointed Mr. Ryan as the Company s President and Chief Executive Officer and also appointed Mr. Ryan to serve as a member of the Board, in each case, effective July 28, 2016. 
 On July 25, 2016, the Company s employment of Mark Iampietro as the Company s Vice President of Quality and Regulatory Affairs  and Chief Compliance Officer was ended by the Company without cause.  
 On July 28, 2016: 

the Board appointed Michael E. Kamarck to serve as a member of the Board;     

the Board appointed Ian Hanson as the Company s Chief Operating Officer in addition to his roles as the Company s Senior Vice President;      

due to results of the Investigation, Dennis P. Pyers was removed from his position as the Company s Senior Vice President, Controller, Treasurer and Chief Accounting Officer and was appointed as the Company s Senior Advisor, Special Projects;      

the Board appointed David Hastings as the Company s Chief Accounting Officer and Treasurer in addition to his roles as the Company s Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer;      

the Board appointed Stephanie Walters as Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary; and     

the Board appointed Molly Weaver, Ph.D., as Vice President of Quality and Regulatory Affairs and Chief Compliance Officer.     

 Investigation and Litigation Related to this Matter 
 The Company has reported the final results of the Investigation to the SEC and to The NASDAQ Stock Market LLC ( NASDAQ ), and the Company continues to cooperate fully with the SEC with respect to the SEC s ongoing investigation.  The SEC or other external parties could request further documents and information from the Company.  The Company and certain of its current and former directors and officers have also been named as defendants in a number of lawsuits filed in connection with the matters set forth in this Explanatory Note.  For information concerning the SEC s ongoing investigation and such lawsuits, see Part II, Item 1.  Legal Proceedings  of this March 2016 10-Q. 
 Matters Relating to NASDAQ and Our Common Stock and ASX and our CDIs 
 The filing of this March 2016 10-Q and the 2016 10-K were delayed as a result of the Investigation.  As a result of such delay, on May 17, 2016, the Company received a notice from the Listing Qualifications department of NASDAQ stating that, because the Company had not yet filed the March 2016 10-Q, the Company was no longer in compliance with NASDAQ Listing Rule 5250(c)(1), which requires listed companies to timely file all required periodic financial reports with the SEC.  The notice received from NASDAQ stated that the Company had 60 calendar days from the date of the notice to submit a plan to regain compliance with NASDAQ s continued listing requirements.   
 On July 18, 2016, the Company timely submitted a plan to NASDAQ as to how it planned to regain compliance with NASDAQ s continued listing requirements.  The staff at NASDAQ subsequently granted the Company an exception to file the March 2016 10-Q and any other delinquent SEC filings on or before November 7, 2016 in order to enable the Company to regain compliance with the listing rules.   
 44 

On September 19, 2016, the Company received   a notice from the Listing Qualifications department of NASDAQ stating that, because the Company had not yet filed the 2016 10-K, the Company is not in compliance with NASDAQ Listing Rule 5250(c)(1).  The Company timely submitted to NASDAQ an updated compl  iance plan on October 4, 2016.  
 As noted above, the Company is concurrently filing with the SEC the March 2016 10-Q and the 2016 10-K with the 2015 10-K Amendment, the September 2015 10-Q Amendment and the December 2015 10-Q Amendment.  Consequently, the Company currently believes that it has adequately remedied its non-compliance with NASDAQ Listing Rule 5250(c)(1) within NASDAQ s terms of exception. However, there can be no assurance that NASDAQ will concur that we have remedied such non-compliance.   
 On October 17, 2016, the Company received a notice from the Listing Qualifications department of NASDAQ stating that, because the Company did not maintain a minimum Market Value of Listed Securities ( MVLS ) of $50,000,000 for the last 30 consecutive business days, the Company  was no longer in compliance with NASDAQ Listing Rule 5450(b)(2)(A).  
 The Company has been provided a period of 180 calendar days, or until April 17, 2017, to regain compliance with the minimum MVLS listing requirement.  If at any time on or before April 17, 2017, the MVLS of the Company s common stock closes at $50,000,000 or more for a minimum of 10 consecutive business days, NASDAQ will provide the Company with written confirmation that the Company has achieved compliance with the minimum MVLS listing requirement and the matter will be closed.   
 In the event that the Company does not regain compliance with the minimum MVLS listing requirement on or before April 17, 2017, NASDAQ will provide the Company with written notification that its securities are subject to delisting.  At that time, the Company would be permitted to appeal the delisting determination to a NASDAQ Hearings Panel or apply to transfer its common stock to The NASDAQ Capital Market (provided that it satisfied the requirement for continued listing on that market).   (See Part I, Item 1A Risk Factors of this 2016 10-K    We are not in compliance with the requirements of NASDAQ for continued listing, and if NASDAQ does not concur that we have adequately remedied our non-compliance with NASDAQ Listing Rule 5250(c)(1) or we do not adequately remedy our non-compliance with NASDAQ Listing Rule 5450(b)(2)(A), our common stock may be delisted from trading on NASDAQ, which could have a material adverse effect on us and our stockholders  below).  
 The Company was also required to file audited financial statements with the Australian Securities Exchange (the  ASX ) no later than September 30, 2016 (the  ASX Deadline ). The Company was not able to file such audited financial statements by the ASX Deadline. As a result, pursuant to ASX rules, trading in the Company s CDIs on the ASX was to be   suspended prior to the opening of trading on the ASX on October 3, 2016, however, the ASX accepted the Company s request for an immediate voluntary suspension of trading and as such, ASX halted trading of the Company s CDIs on the ASX prior to the opening of trading on September 30, 2016 in Australia. Such trading in Australia will not resume until after the Company files the audited financial statements included in the 2016 10-K with the ASX, which the Company is doing concurrently with filing this March 2016 10-Q with the SEC. 
 Recent Developments 
 During the quarter ended March 31, 2016, we entered into a strategic collaboration with Amgen Inc. (the  Counterparty ) for the Counterparty s use of our injectable drug delivery systems with the Counterparty s product portfolio. In connection with the strategic collaboration, we entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement (the  Counterparty SPA ) with the Counterparty in which the Counterparty agreed to purchase from us a new series of 6% Senior Secured Convertible Notes Due 2023 in the aggregate original principal amount of up to $55.0 million (each, a  Note  and, collectively, the  Notes ). The Notes are convertible into our common stock, $0.01 par value per share (the  Common Stock ), and mature on February 22, 2023 (the  Maturity Date ) in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Notes.  The Notes may be issued in up to three separate closings. We issued to the Counterparty the first Note in the aggregate original principal amount of $30.0 million (the  2016 Convertible Note ) on February 22, 2016 (the  Counterparty Closing Date ) and the Counterparty paid us $30.0 million in exchange therefor. The Counterparty may purchase up to an additional $25.0 million in Notes over the next two years, $15.0 million of which may be purchased in January 2017 (the  2017 Convertible Note ), and $10.0 million of which may be purchased in January 2018 (the  2018 Convertible Note ).  
   In connection with the Counterparty SPA transaction, we granted the Counterparty exclusive rights to our wearable injectors within select drug classes for use with certain Counterparty assets, while preserving rights we previously granted to other customers. We have also granted the Counterparty non-exclusive rights to all of the Company s proprietary delivery systems within the therapeutic areas of oncology, inflammation, bone health, nephrology, cardiovascular and neuroscience. On the Counterparty Closing Date, the Counterparty paid us a non-refundable $20.0 million fee (the  Second License Fee ) in consideration for such licenses. Previously, the Counterparty paid us a non-refundable $15.0 million fee (the  First License Fee ) for which we granted to the Counterparty a perpetual, worldwide non-exclusive license under our patents, know-how and technology for us to develop, manufacture and supply wearable injector devices existing as of the closing (including any improvements or modified versions) for use with certain large volume drug products of the Counterparty. In addition, we granted to the Counterparty a perpetual, worldwide  
 45 

exclusive license under our patents, know-how and technology for us to develop, manufacture and supply the our 1mL wea  rable injector existing as of the closing (including any improvements or modified version to the same) for use with certain small volume drug products. Development programs for our wearable injectors commence  d   in 2016.   
 On the Counterparty Closing Date, in connection with the formation of the strategic collaboration with the Counterparty, we entered into the Eighth Amendment to the Credit Agreement. Pursuant to and subject to the terms of the Eighth Amendment to the Credit Agreement, the Lender agreed to, among others, (i) defer all obligations for us to pay interest to the Lender for the period from January 1, 2016 through the two year anniversary of the Counterparty Closing Date at the rate specified in the Amended Credit Agreement, which interest will be added to the outstanding principal amount of the loan on the last day of each interest period; (ii) enable the Counterparty to take a security interest in the Collateral; and (iii) remove the minimum cash receipts covenant for all future periods.  
 In addition, on the Counterparty Closing Date, we entered into the Sixth Amendment to the Royalty Agreement. Pursuant to and subject to the terms of the Sixth Amendment to the Royalty Agreement, ROS agreed to waive any rights to royalty payments otherwise payable as a result of the license fee and the proceeds of the notes with the Counterparty, and to defer royalty payments payable on revenues received by us from the Counterparty until after the end of the first fiscal quarter in which we sell a commercial quantity of devices developed for Counterparty.  
 In connection with entering into the Eighth Amendment to the Credit Agreement and the Sixth Amendment to the Royalty Agreement, we issued to ROS warrants to purchase 1,673,981 shares of Common Stock, with an exercise price of $12.50 per share, subject to adjustment for certain events, which may be exercised at any time and from time to time until February 22, 2026 (the  Warrants ).  
 Key Factors Affecting Performance and Financial Condition 
 We are party to several agreements with our customers, including customers with whom we have entered into customization, development and/or supply agreements. The customization, industrialization and development fees and other payments received from customers in connection with these agreements and development programs accounted for the majority of our revenue during the three months ended March 31, 2016. 
 Longer customer development timelines and increases in capital expenses and headcount have impacted us from a liquidity standpoint. Historically, we have funded our operations primarily from a combination of term loans, equity issuances, borrowings under our bank mortgages, and payments from various customers. See  Liquidity and Capital Resources Discussion  below. 
 Revenue 
 Our revenue is currently generated from customization, industrialization and development fees (many of which are recognized on the milestone basis of accounting). Customization, industrialization and development fees accounted for substantially all of our consolidated revenue for the three and nine month periods ended March 31, 2016. .  We expect that the Company s revenue will continue to fluctuate on a quarter to quarter basis. 
 Operating Expenses 
 Our operating expenses had been increasing primarily as a result of increased research and development efforts in response to increasing demand from our customers for our products and services   and anticipated market demand. The increase in research and development costs also related to the costs of products and components supplied to existing and prospective customers to support evaluation processes and user studies that are typically undertaken prior to the anticipated signing of customer agreements. However, during the nine months ended March 31, 2016 we implemented several cost reduction and business realignment initiatives that were previously disclosed, pursuant to which we reduced our headcount by approximately 70 employees.  Such headcount reductions are expected to reduce annual operating costs by approximately $5.7 million. We expect to further reduce our annual operating costs by not backfilling certain open positions. We do not believe that these cost reduction initiatives will negatively impact our ability to serve our customers. 
 Also, as a result of these initiatives, our research and development expense decreased from approximately $13.2 million in the third quarter of fiscal year 2015 to approximately $9.3 million in the third quarter of fiscal year 2016, or approximately 30%.  
   Selling, general and administrative expense increased from approximately $9.1 million in the third quarter of fiscal 2015, to approximately $17.6 million in the third quarter of fiscal 2016, or approximately 95%. Selling, general, and administrative expense for the three months ended March 31, 2016 includes certain charges, including $5.0 million consulting charge in connection with the completion of the Company s review of strategic alternatives to maximize shareholder value (the  Strategic Process ) and a $2.2  
 46 

million charge in connection with the departure  s   of   Alan D. Shortall, our former Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board and Dr. Ramin Mojdeh, our former President and Chief Operating Officer effective March 14, 2016 (see Note 1  3    Departure   of Officers; Appointment of Officers  to our consolidated financial statements included in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q  .  
 Significant Developments in the Industry 
 We believe that our existing wearable injector contracts could provide significant revenue growth in relation to prior periods. Known trends in the industry that we believe will have a material favorable impact on our revenue include a shift in the focus of large pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies  product development activities to biologic therapies, an emphasis within health-care providers to patient self-administration and a growing demand for passive safety for injectable drug delivery. There has been a marked shift in the product development activities of large customers toward biologic therapies, and the majority of therapies in the pipeline of large pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies are complex biologic therapies. The characteristics of many of these therapies (including, for example, large dose volumes and increased viscosity) necessitates administration by injection using innovative injectable drug delivery systems such as our products. We believe that we are well-positioned to meet what we expect to be a growing demand for innovative injectable drug delivery systems in light of the focus on biologic therapies. Concurrently with the shift toward biologic therapies is an emphasis towards patient self-administration. Patient self-administration is viewed as a growing trend in order to reduce demand pressure on the health-care system as well as reducing costs, especially for treatment of chronic illnesses. Devices suitable for self-administration of injectable therapies need to be safe and intuitive to use. We believe that our products are well suited for safe and intuitive patient self-administration of injectable therapies. 
 Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 We prepare our consolidated financial statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. This requires management to make certain estimates, judgments and assumptions that could affect the amounts reported in the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. 
 Our critical accounting policies and estimates are described in Item 7  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations   Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates  of the 2015 10-K Amendment. There have been no changes in critical accounting policies in the current year from those described in the 2015 10-K Amendment. 
 Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements 
 See note 4  Summary of Significant Accounting Policies   Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements  to our consolidated financial statements included in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 
 Basis of Presentation 
 Revenue 
 We derive revenue primarily from industrialization and development programs with our customers and licensing agreements. The agreements with our customers generally provide for fees to be paid to us for providing specific products or services. Certain of these agreements provide for fees to be paid upon completion of certain agreed-upon milestones. In instances where these milestones are substantive, we recognize revenue when these agreed-upon substantive milestones have been completed and there is no further performance obligation related to the substantive milestone. Certain of our agreements provide for fees to be paid for specific services to be rendered or the provision of certain deliverables, and we recognize revenue upon completion of the related service or deliverable. Certain of our agreements provide for fees to be paid on an ongoing basis over the life of the agreement for agreed-upon services, and we recognize revenue ratably over the requisite service period. We also recognize revenue on certain agreements under the proportional performance method. 
 Operating expenses 
 Operating expenses primarily include costs related to research and development, selling, general and administrative expenses, as well as depreciation and amortization expense. 
 Research and development costs 
   Research and development costs consist primarily of payroll and related personnel expenses (including share-based compensation expense), fees paid to external service providers, costs of materials, components and supplies, costs for facilities,  
 47 

tooling and   equipment and costs related to customization and development service arrangements and developing prototype products and samples used for various evaluation, testing and related activities for existing and potential customers.  
 Selling, general and administrative costs 
 Selling, general and administrative costs include corporate payroll and related benefit costs (including share-based compensation expense), marketing and commercial development costs, quality assurance and regulatory costs, accounting and financial related costs, information and technology costs, legal and professional fees, and corporate facility costs. 
 Depreciation 
 Depreciation is calculated on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful lives of the related assets, which range from 40 years for our York, Pennsylvania facility to 2 to 15 years for machinery, equipment, furniture and software and the lesser of the lease term or estimated useful life for leasehold improvements. Intangible assets are being amortized using the straight-line method over their estimated useful lives of 15 years. 
 Interest expense 
 Interest expense includes the cash and non-cash interest cost for all debt instruments. Interest expense is recognized under the effective interest method such that non-cash interest includes the additional expense recognized over and above the cash interest paid during a period as a result of the application of the effective interest method. 
 Change in fair value of financial instruments 
 Change in fair value of financial instruments includes the change in the Amended Royalty Agreement (defined below) liability, the Warrant liability, the Derivative liability, and the Preferred  stock conversion liability, which are marked to fair value on a quarterly basis. 
 Net loss 
 Net loss includes the results from revenue recognized during the period after deducting all operating and non-operating expenses. 
 Results of Operations 
 The following table summarizes our results of operations for the three and nine months ended March 31, 2016 and 2015: 

48 

Three Months Ended March 31, 2016 Compared to Three Months Ended March 31, 2015  
 Revenue.  Revenue for the three months ended March 31, 2016 decreased by $2.1 million, or 71.9%, as compared to the three months ended March 31, 2015. During the three months ended March 31, 2016, we recognized $0.8 million in revenue related to services rendered on a time and materials basis, proportional performance method and straight line basis over the requisite service period pursuant to customer agreements to provide various customization and development services. During the three months ended March 31, 2015, we recognized approximately $0.6 million of revenue related to substantive milestones that were completed during the period pursuant to customer agreements to provide customization and development services, clinical support services, collaborative research activities and testing support services. Substantive milestones completed during the period included various customization activities, device design, devices developed for use in customer evaluation testing, compatibility testing, user studies, and verification activities. During the three months ended March 31, 2015, we recognized $2.3 million in revenue related to services rendered on a time and materials basis during the period pursuant to customer agreements to provide various customization and development services. The decrease in revenue is related to timing of achievement of milestones under the respective customer programs. Our revenue could fluctuate on a quarter to quarter basis.  
 Research and development expenses .   Research and development expenses for the three months ended March 31, 2016 decreased by $4.0 million, or 30.0%, as compared to the three months ended March 31, 2015 primarily due to decreased tooling, prototype, and material costs of $2.6 million, decreased employee costs of $0.8 million, decreased third party contracting costs of $0.3 million, decreased travel costs of $0.2 million and decreased other costs of $0.6 million offset by increased share-based compensation of $0.5 million. The decrease in research and development during the current period is related to cost reduction initiatives implemented during September and October 2015.  
 Selling, general and administrative expenses.  Selling, general and administrative expenses for the three months ended March 31, 2016 increased by $8.6 million, or 94.6%, as compared to the three months ended March 31, 2015 primarily due to increased transaction costs of $5.0 million in connection with the Strategic Process completed during the period and increased legal costs of $0.7 million offset by decreased other costs of $0.6 million.  Shared-based compensation increased by $2.0 million and payroll and related costs increased by $1.5 million primarily in connection with the departure of our former CEO and COO, which were offset by cost reductions as a result of business realignment initiatives.  
 Asset impairment charge.   The Company incurred $26.6 million of non-cash asset impairments to machinery and equipment and construction in progress in the three months and nine months ended March 31, 2016.  
 Depreciation and amortization expense.  Depreciation and amortization expense for the three months ended March 31, 2016 increased by $0.4 million, or 31.8%, as compared to the three months ended March 31, 2015 primarily as a result of additional equipment placed in service.  
 Interest expense.  Interest expense for the three months ended March 31, 2016 increased by $0.9 million, or 48.6%, as compared to the three months ended March 31, 2015 primarily attributable to interest on the OrbiMed Financing ($0.8 million) and the Convertible Note ($0.2 million) offset by a decrease in capitalized interest ($0.1 million).  
 Change in fair value of financial instruments.  Change in fair value of financial instruments for the three months ended March 31, 2016 decreased by $13.1 million as compared to the three months ended March 31, 2015. A decrease of $8.1 million is related to the change in the fair value of the Royalty liability in connection with the OrbiMed Financing which is revalued each quarter. A decrease of $4.2 million is due to the remeasurement of the warrant liability due to a decrease in the Company s share price.  A decrease of $0.6 million is due to revaluation of the derivative liability due to a decrease in the Company s share price. A decrease of $0.2 million is related to the revaluation of the Preferred Stock Conversion.  
 Gain on debt extinguishment.  The Company recorded a gain of debt extinguishment of $2.9 million during the three months ended March 31, 2016 due to the remeasurement of the debt at fair value offset by the issuance of warrants and write-off of deferred fees due to amendments to the credit agreement.  
 Net loss and net loss per share.  Net loss during the three months ended March 31, 2016 and 2015 was $41.8 million and $23.1 million, respectively. The increase in net loss is primarily attributable the asset impairment charge offset by the gain on debt extinguishment and a decrease in research and development expenses. Basic and diluted net loss per share was $2.68 and $1.99 on weighted average shares outstanding of 15,589,881 and 11,582,142, respectively. The increase in the weighted average shares outstanding was primarily due to the issuance of common stock in connection with shares issued under the New Sales Agreement and Purchase Agreement as well as conversions of preferred shares under the Preferred Stock Purchase Agreement.  
 49 

Nine Months Ended March 31, 2016 Compared to Nine Months Ended March 31, 2015  
 Revenue.  Revenue for the nine months ended March 31, 2016 decreased by $1.2 million, or 12.3%, as compared to the nine months ended March 31, 2015. During the nine months ended March 31, 2016, we recognized approximately $3.9 million of revenue related to substantive milestones that were completed during the period pursuant to customer agreements to provide customization and development services, clinical support services, collaborative research activities and testing support services. Substantive milestones completed during the period included various customization activities, device design, devices developed for use in customer evaluation testing, compatibility testing, user studies, and verification activities. During the nine months ended March 31, 2016, we recognized $4.6 million in revenue related to services rendered on a time and materials basis, proportional performance method and straight line basis over the requisite service period pursuant to customer agreements to provide various customization and development services. The decrease in revenue is related to timing of achievement of milestones under the respective customer programs. During the nine months ended March 31, 2015, we recognized approximately $3.7 million of revenue related to substantive milestones that were completed during the period and $6.0 million in revenue related to services rendered on a time and materials basis during the period pursuant to customer agreements to provide various customization and development services.  
 Research and development expenses.  Research and development expenses for the nine months ended March 31, 2016 increased $0.3 million, or 0.8%, as compared to the nine months ended March 31, 2015 primarily due to increased payroll and related costs of $1.5 million related to increased headcount to support customer programs, increased share-based compensation costs of $1.8 million and increased other costs of $0.3 million, offset by decreased tooling, prototype, and material costs of $1.7 million, decreased third-party contracting costs of $0.9 million and decreased travel and other costs of $0.7 million. The increased investment in research and development during the current period is related to increased activity related to customer programs and other research and development activities. We expect research and development costs to decrease as a result of cost reduction initiatives implemented during September and October 2015.  
 Selling, general and administrative expenses.  Selling, general and administrative expenses for the nine months ended March 31, 2016 increased by $8.9 million, or 33.1%, as compared to the nine months ended March 31, 2015 primarily due to increased transaction costs of $5.0 million in connection with the Strategic Process completed during the period offset by decreased travel costs of $0.6 million and decreased other costs of $0.3 million. Share-based compensation increased by $2.9 million and payroll and related costs increased by $1.9 million primarily in connection with the departure of our former CEO and COO in March 2016 which were offset by cost reductions as a result of business realignment initiatives.  
 Asset impairment charge.  The Company incurred $26.6 million of non-cash asset impairments to machinery and equipment and construction in progress in the three months and nine months ended March 31, 2016.  Depreciation and amortization expense.  Depreciation and amortization expense for the nine months ended March 31, 2016 increased by $1.0 million, or 27.9%, as compared to the nine months ended March 31, 2015 primarily as a result of additional equipment previously placed in service.  
 Interest expense.  Interest expense for the nine months ended March 31, 2016 increased by $1.5 million, or 32.2%, as compared to the nine months ended March 31, 2015 primarily attributable to interest on the OrbiMed Financing ($1.8 million) and the 2016 Convertible Note ($0.2 million) offset by a decrease in capitalized interest ($0.5 million).  
 Change in fair value of financial instruments.  Change in fair value of financial instruments for the nine months ended March 31, 2016 decreased by $8.3 million as compared to the nine months ended March 31, 2015. A decrease of $7.7 million is related to the change in the fair value of the Royalty liability in connection with the OrbiMed Financing which is revalued each quarter.   A decrease of $4.2 million is due to revaluation of the warrant liability due to a decrease in the Company s share price. A decrease of $0.6 million is due to revaluation of the derivative liability due to a decrease in the Company s share price. An increase of $4.2 million is related to the revaluation of the Preferred Stock Conversion.    
 Gain on debt extinguishment.  The Company recorded a gain of debt extinguishment of $2.9 million during the nine months ended March 31, 2016 due to the remeasurement of the debt at fair value offset by the issuance of warrants and write-off of deferred fees due to amendments to the credit agreement.  
 Net loss and net loss per share.  Net loss during the nine months ended March 31, 2016 and 2015 was $93.1 million and $64.8 million, respectively. The increase in net loss is primarily attributable to the asset impairment charge and increase in selling, general, and administrative expenses offset by the change in fair value of financial instruments and gain on debt extinguishment. Basic and diluted net loss per share was $6.82 and $5.92, respectively, on weighted average shares outstanding of 13,800,150 and 10,931,915. The increase in the weighted average shares outstanding was primarily due to the New Sales Agreement and Purchase Agreement as well as conversions of preferred shares under the Preferred Stock Purchase Agreement.  
 50 

Liquidity and Capital Resources  
 As of September 30, 2016, the Company s unaudited cash balance was approximately $8.1 million, including $2.1 million of restricted cash. Under the Company s debt facilities, the Company was required to have a cash and restricted cash balance of $5.1 million at September 30, 2016 and a cash and restricted cash balance of $5.0 million at October 31, 2016. As of June 30, 2016, cash and cash equivalents were $18.7 million, restricted cash was $2.4 million and the book value of our long-term debt was $105.1 million.  
 The Company incurred recurring losses from operations as well as negative cash flows from operating activities during fiscal year 2015, and the nine months ended March 31, 2016, and anticipates incurring additional losses and negative cash flows until such time that it can generate sufficient revenue from the sale, customization, or exclusive use and licensing of its proprietary range of injectable drug delivery systems to pharmaceutical and biotechnology customers. These factors raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern.  In order for the Company to continue operations for the next 12 months and to be able to discharge its liabilities and commitments in the normal course of business, the Company intends to take the steps delineated under  Fundraising Efforts  below to address its cash requirements, the success of which is largely beyond the Company s control, and the Company has otherwise has taken the steps outlined in this  Liquidity and Capital Resources  section. 
  Amgen Inc.  
 On December 31, 2015, the Company entered into an exclusivity agreement (the  Exclusivity Agreement ) with Amgen Inc. (the  Counterparty ). The Exclusivity Agreement was entered into in connection with the previously announced review of strategic alternatives to maximize shareholder value (the  Strategic Process ). Pursuant to the Exclusivity Agreement, the Company agreed to negotiate a potential transaction exclusively with the Counterparty and the Counterparty paid to the Company a non-refundable $15.0 million deposit as consideration for non-exclusive and exclusive rights and licenses provided for in the Exclusivity Agreement.  
 On February 22, 2016 (the  Counterparty Closing Date ), the Company and the Counterparty announced the formation of a strategic collaboration for the Counterparty s use of the Company s injectable drug delivery systems with the Counterparty s product portfolio. In connection with the strategic collaboration, the Company entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement (the  Counterparty SPA ) with the Counterparty, pursuant to which the Counterparty agreed to purchase from the Company a new series of 6% Senior Secured Convertible Notes Due 2023 in the aggregate original principal amount of up to $55.0 million (each, a  Note  and, collectively, the  Notes ). The Notes are convertible into Common Stock, and mature on February 22, 2023 (the  Counterparty Maturity Date ) in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Notes, as more fully described in note 10    Long-term Debt  to the consolidated financial statements.  
 Pursuant to the Counterparty SPA, the Notes may be issued in up to three separate closings. The Company issued to the Counterparty the first Note in the aggregate original principal amount of $30.0 million on the Counterparty Closing Date (the  2016 Convertible Note ) and the Counterparty paid to the Company $30.0 million in exchange therefor. The 2016 Convertible Note is secured by certain inventory and intellectual property assets related to a specific device licensed to the Counterparty (the  Collateral ).  
 In connection with the transactions contemplated by the Counterparty SPA, the Company granted the Counterparty exclusive rights to the Company s wearable injectors within select drug classes for use with certain Counterparty assets, while preserving rights the Company previously granted to other customers. The Company has also granted the Counterparty non-exclusive rights to all of the Company s proprietary delivery systems within the therapeutic areas of oncology, inflammation, bone health, nephrology, cardiovascular and neuroscience. On the Counterparty Closing Date, the Counterparty paid to the Company a non-refundable $20.0 million fee (the  License Fee ) in consideration for such licenses.  
  OrbiMed  
   On February 22, 2016, in connection with the formation of the strategic collaboration with the Counterparty, Unilife Medical Solutions, Inc., a subsidiary of the Company (the  Borrower ), entered into an Eighth Amendment (the  Eighth Amendment to the Credit Agreement ) to the Credit Agreement, dated March 12, 2014, by and between ROS Acquisition Offshore LP (the  Lender ), an affiliate of OrbiMed Advisors ( OrbiMed ), and the Borrower (the  Credit Agreement,  and, as amended the  Amended Credit Agreement  or the  OrbiMed Financing ). Pursuant to and subject to the terms of the Eighth Amendment to the Credit Agreement, the Lender agreed to: (i) defer all obligations of the Borrower to pay interest to the Lender for the period from January 1, 2016 through February 22, 2018  at the rate specified in the Amended Credit Agreement, which interest will be added to the outstanding principal amount of the loan on the last day of each interest period; (ii) enable the Counterparty to take a security interest in certain inventory and intellectual property assets related to a specific device licensed to the Counterparty; and (iii) remove the minimum cash receipts covenant for all future periods. In addition, on February 22, 2016, the Borrower entered into the Sixth Amendment to the Royalty Agreement (the  Royalty Agreement, ) with Royalty Opportunities S.A.R.L. ( ROS ). Pursuant to and subject to the terms of the  
 51 

Sixth Amendment to the Royalty Agreement, ROS agreed to waive any rights to royalty payments otherwise payable as a result of the License Fee and the proceeds of the Notes with the Counterparty, and   to defer royalty payments payable on revenues received by the Company from the Counterparty until after the end of the first fiscal quarter in which the Company sells a commercial quantity of devices developed for the Counterparty. In connection with ente  ring into the Eighth Amendment to the Credit Agreement and the Sixth Amendment to the Royalty Agreement, the Company issued to ROS   a   warrant to purchase  , at any time until February 22, 2026,   1,673,981 shares of Common Stock,   at   an exercise price of $12.50   per share, subject t  o adjustment for certain events.  See n  ote   10    Long Term Debt  for accounting considerations   relating to such   warrants.  
  Cost Reduction Initiatives   
 As previously disclosed, during fiscal 2016 we implemented several cost reduction and business realignment initiatives pursuant to which we reduced our headcount by approximately 90 employees which initiatives are expected to reduce annual operating costs by approximately $7.9 million.  Subsequent to that, the Company eliminated 10 additional positions in July 2016. In part, as a result of these headcount reductions, the Company s workforce was reduced to approximately 140 employees as of July 28, 2016, a reduction of more than 40% since January 2016 and a reduction of approximately 50% since July 1, 2015. A portion of this reduction is due to the Company s determination not to backfill certain open positions. The Company has recorded a charge from severance and related costs from these cost reduction initiatives of approximately $0.7 million in the aggregate. The Company does not believe that these cost reduction initiatives will negatively impact its ability to serve its customers.   
 In addition, the Company, on June 20, 2016, subleased a portion (the  Subleased Portion ) of its King of Prussia, Pennsylvania facility (the  Facility ). During the term of the sublease, which commenced on October 1, 2016 and will end on March 31, 2019, the Company will be entitled to receive an aggregate of approximately $1.3 million in rent with respect to the Subleased Portion. During the same time period, the Company will be obligated under the Company s lease agreement relating to the Facility to pay an aggregate of approximately $1.9 million in rent with respect to the Subleased Portion. Assuming the sublessor exercises its renewal option, the Company will be entitled to receive approximately an additional $1.9 million over the renewal term of April 1, 2019 through June 30, 2022 and the Company will be obligated under the Company s lease agreement relating to the Facility to pay an aggregate of approximately $2.5 million over the same time period. The Company ceased using the Subleased Portion as of July 20, 2016. The Company will record a non-cash charge, the amount of which the Company has not yet determined as of the date of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, which amount will be based on the discounted fair value of the difference between the amounts received from the sublessor and the amounts paid to the landlord. 
  Cash Receipts  
 The Company expects to generate cash receipts from wearable injector customers during fiscal 2017 and the Company continues to have business development discussions with current and prospective wearable injector customers. The Company is, however, unable to predict the amount, if any, or the timing of such receipts or any proceeds from these business development discussions. 
  Fundraising Efforts  
    The Company s ability to raise capital will be limited and there can be no assurance that financing will be available when needed. The Company will not be able to obtain financing through offerings of its securities registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, for the near future and until the Company can prepare, file with the SEC, and cause to become effective a registration statement on Form S-1. We are not currently eligible to register the offer and sale of our securities using a registration statement on Form S-3, cannot use our existing Form S-3 and will not become eligible to use Form S-3 until we have timely filed certain periodic reports required under the Exchange Act for 12 consecutive calendar months. As a result, the Company will not be able to obtain financing under the Controlled Equity Offering Sales Agreement that the Company entered into with Cantor Fitzgerald   Co.on July 29, 2015 (the  New Sales Agreement ) or the equity purchase agreement that the Company entered into with Lincoln Park Capital Fund, LLC ( LPC ) on July 29, 2015 (the  LPC Purchase Agreement ) at least until the Company is eligible to register the offer and sale of our securities using a registration statement on Form S-3.  
 Pursuant to the Counterparty SPA, the Counterparty may purchase up to an additional $15.0 million in Notes in January 2017 (the  2017 Convertible Note ), and up to an additional $10.0 million in Notes in January 2018 (the  2018 Convertible Note ). See note 10  Long-Term Debt   Senior Secured Convertible Note  for more information regarding the Notes. There can be no assurance as to when or if the Counterparty will purchase all or any part of the 2017 Convertible Note or the 2018 Convertible Note. The Counterparty s willingness to purchase the 2017 Convertible Note or the 2018 Convertible Note may be impacted by any financing the Company receives prior to January 2017 or January 2018, respectively. 
 52 

The Company is engaged in advanced discussions to secure up to $10 million of funding (the  Potential Transaction ) contingent upon the completion of due diligence  , the execution of a definitive agreement with respect to the Potentia  l Transaction   and the filing of (i) this 2016 10-K; (ii)   the   March 2016   10-Q  ; (iii)   the December 2015 10-Q Amendment  ; (iv  )     the   September   2015 10-Q Amendment  ; and (v  )   the 2015 10-K Amendment  .  There can be no assurance that the Company will be able to enter   into a definitive agreement with respect to the Potential Transaction and complete the closing of the Potential Transaction.   Consummation of the Potential Transaction would require the consent of the Lender, which cannot be assured.  
 The Company has also engaged a financial advisory firm to further assist with fundraising efforts. There is no assurance that the financial advisory firm will be successful in these efforts. 
 The Company believes that potential proceeds from business development discussions, the 2017 Convertible Note, the Potential Transaction and fundraising efforts along with potential customer cash receipts, will provide the Company with enough liquidity to fund its operations for the next twelve months. However, there can be no assurance that any cash from such business development discussions, issuance of the 2017 Convertible Note, the Potential Transaction, fundraising efforts, or customer receipts will be available when needed, as such sources of liquidity largely are beyond the Company s control.  If we are unable to obtain financing when needed, we may be in default under one or more of our debt obligations unless we are able to obtain waivers from our lenders. A breach of any of the covenants related to our debt instruments could result in a higher rate of interest to be paid or the lenders could elect to declare all amounts outstanding under the applicable agreements to be immediately due and payable. If the lenders were to make such a demand for repayment, we would be unable to pay the obligations as we do not have existing facilities or sufficient cash on hand to satisfy these obligations. Under the circumstances, we also would be unable to pay our other obligations as they come due, which could prompt our creditors to pursue other remedies. These factors continue to raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared on a going concern basis, which contemplates the realization of assets and satisfaction of liabilities in the ordinary course of business. The consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments relating to the recoverability and classification of recorded asset amounts or the amounts and classification of liabilities that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty.   
 The following table summarizes our cash flows during the nine months ended March 31, 2016 and 2015: 

Net Cash Used In Operating Activities 
 Net cash used in operating activities during the nine months ended March 31, 2016 was $12.9 million compared to $36.2 million during the nine months ended March 31, 2015. The decrease in net cash used in operating activities was primarily due to the increase in cash collections coming from deferred revenue during the period, including the $35.0 million received from the Counterparty for the First License Fee and the Second License Fees which was partially offset by the increase in net loss adjusted for non-cash items. 
 Net Cash Used in Investing Activities 
 Net cash used in investing activities during the nine months ended March 31, 2016 and 2015 was $10.6 million and $11.5 million, respectively, primarily as a result of costs incurred in connection with the purchase of machinery and related equipment. 
 Net Cash Provided by Financing Activities 
 Net cash provided by financing activities during the nine months ended March 31, 2016 was $52.8 million compared to $76.5 million during the nine months ended March 31, 2015. 
   During the nine months ended March 31, 2016, we received $29.7 million in net proceeds from the issuance of convertible debt, $9.9 million in net proceeds in conjunction with the Third Amendment to the Credit Agreement, $9.4 million in net proceeds from the issuance of common stock from our New Sales Agreement with Cantor Fitzgerald   Co. and the LPC Purchase Agreement, $7.2 million in net proceeds from the issuance of preferred shares under the Preferred Stock Purchase Agreement, $0.6 million in  
 53 

proceeds from borrowings from our CEO, whic  h was partially offset by $2.1 million in principal debt repayments and royalty payments, $1.6 million associated with the forfeiture of shares in lieu of payroll taxes and $0.3 million dividend payment associated with the conversion of preferred stock.  
 During the nine months ended March 31, 2015, we received $44.7 million in net proceeds from our public offering of common stock in February 2015, $20.0 million in aggregate proceeds from the two additional tranches under the Amended Credit Agreement with OrbiMed and $12.4 million of proceeds in connection with our public offering of common stock under the Sales Agreement which was partially offset by principal debt repayments of $0.9 million. 
 Contractual Obligations and Commitments 
 The following table provides information regarding our contractual obligations as of March 31, 2016: 

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 We are exposed to market risk from changes in interest rates and foreign currency exchange rates. Changes in these factors could cause fluctuations in our results of operations and cash flows. 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 Our exposure to interest rate risk is limited to our cash and cash equivalents that are invested in money market funds with highly liquid short term investments and our variable interest rate term loans. We currently do not utilize derivative instruments to mitigate changes in interest rates. 
 Foreign Currency Exchange Rate Fluctuations 
 Certain of our revenues are derived from payments under our exclusive agreement received in euros while we incur most of our expenses in U.S. dollars and Australian dollars. In addition, a portion of our cash and cash equivalents and investments are held at Australian banking institutions and are denominated in Australian dollars. We are exposed to foreign currency exchange rate risks on these amounts. We currently do not utilize options or forward contracts to mitigate changes in foreign currency exchange rates. For U.S. reporting purposes, we translate all assets and liabilities of our non-U.S. entities into U.S. dollars using the exchange rate as of the end of the related period and we translate all revenues and expenses of our non-U.S. entities using the average exchange rate during the applicable period. 
     Item 4. Controls and Procedures   
 Disclosure Controls and Procedures  
 Disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended ( Exchange Act )) are designed to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed in reports we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the rules and forms of the SEC and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures.  
 All internal control systems, no matter how well designed and tested, have inherent limitations, including, among other things, the possibility of human error, circumvention or disregard. Therefore, even those systems of internal control that have been determined to be effective can provide only reasonable assurance that the objectives of the control system are met and may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.  
 54 

As outlined in the Explanatory Note to this March 2016 10-Q, the Company s current management discovered violations of Company policies and procedures and possible violations of laws and regulations by Alan Shortall, the Company s former Chief Execu  tive Officer, and Jim Bosnjak, the Company s former Chairman and member of the Board of Directors ( Board ). Mr. Shortall s employment with the Company ceased on March 11, 2016, and Mr. Bosnjak resigned from the Board on August 24, 2015. The Board establis  hed a Special Committee to oversee an independent investigation. External counsel conducted the investigation with the assistance of an advisory firm with forensic accounting expertise (the  Investigation ). The Investigation did not identify any material     financial loss to the Company.  
 In connection with the Investigation, the Company carried out an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of its disclosure controls and procedures as of March 31, 2016. Due to the material weaknesses in internal control over financial reporting as described in  Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting  below, our current CEO and CFO have concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective, and were not operating at a reasonable assurance level as of March 31, 2016.  
 Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting  
 The Company s management is responsible for establishing and maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for assessing the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act. Internal control over financial reporting refers to a process designed by, or under the supervision of, our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer and effected by our Board, management and other personnel, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles and includes those policies and procedures that:  

pertain to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of our assets;      

provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of our management and members of our Board; and      

provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on our financial statements.      

 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.  
 A material weakness (as defined in Rule 12b-2 under the Exchange Act) is a deficiency, or combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of a company s annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis.  
 Management, under the supervision of the Company s new CEO and the Company s CFO, and oversight of the Board, conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of March 31, 2016, management used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission s 1992 Framework (the  COSO 1992 Framework ). Based on this evaluation, management has determined, because of the findings from the Investigation, and the Company s inability to rely on certain personnel, processes and internal controls, that various material weaknesses existed at March 31, 2016, as are described below. In light of such material weaknesses, management has concluded that the Company s internal control over financial reporting was ineffective as of March 31, 2016.  
 The Company, under the oversight of the Board and the leadership of Mr. Shortall, did not have an effective control environment, risk assessment process, information and communication process and monitoring activities; specifically:  

The Company failed to establish a tone at the top that demonstrated its commitment to integrity and ethical values. Mr. Shortall created instances where certain personnel participated in the override of Company s policies and procedures and internal controls without exercising the appropriate professional skepticism and failed to communicate the override of controls to others.      

The Company did not have an effective annual process in place to ensure that all employees, including management, confirmed their compliance with the Company s Business Conduct Policy and that deviations from the expected standards of conduct were identified and remedied in a timely manner.      

 55 

The Company did not have a sufficient number of trained resources with assigned responsibility   and accountability for financial reporting processes and the design and effective operation of internal controls in accordance with the COSO   1992   Framework.      

The Company did not have an effective, documented and continuous risk assessment process to identify and analyze risks of financial misstatement due to error and/or fraud, including management override of controls, and determine an appropriate action to manage the financial reporting risks.      

The Company did not have effective information and communication and monitoring controls to ensure the timely identification and communication of related party transactions to financial reporting personnel, management, and the Board, to enable appropriate financial reporting and disclosure of such transactions.      

 As a consequence of the inappropriate tone at the top and the above-mentioned entity level deficiencies, the following process level control deficiencies were identified:  

Ineffective operation of certain process level controls due to management override of controls resulting from the dominant influence of the former CEO, and ineffective process-level controls over the accounting and disclosure of related party transactions and the evaluation of transactions with senior executives and a former Board member that represented loans and advances. In addition, the Company did not involve those employees with the appropriate knowledge and expertise to evaluate the business purpose of the transactions and compliance with laws and regulations.      

Ineffective general information technology controls (GITCs) for the significant IT platforms due to inadequate IT resources. Specifically, the Company did not have effectively designed and documented program change controls and effective user access controls over IT operating systems, databases and IT applications. Accordingly, process level automated controls and compensating manual controls that were dependent upon the information derived from the IT systems were determined to be ineffective.      

 These control deficiencies create a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement to the consolidated financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. Accordingly, we concluded that the control deficiencies represent material weaknesses in the Company s internal control over financial reporting and our internal control over financial reporting was not effective as of March 31, 2016.  
 Remediation of Material Weaknesses  
 The Company continues to work, to strengthen our internal control over financial reporting. We are committed to ensuring that such controls are designed and operating effectively. Our Board and management take internal controls over financial reporting and the integrity of the Company s financial statements seriously and believe that the remediation steps described below, including with respect to personnel changes, were and are essential steps to establishing and maintaining strong and effective internal controls over financial reporting and addressing the tone at the top concerns that contributed to the material weaknesses identified. The following actions and plans will be or have been implemented:  

The Board replaced Mr. Shortall effective March 2016 with our then interim and now current CEO, John Ryan, effective March 2016. Mr. Bosnjak resigned in August 2015. Mary Kate Wold, President and CEO of the Church Pension Group, a former finance executive at Wyeth and previously Unilife s Vice Chair and Lead Independent Director, assumed the role of Board Chair. In addition, the Controller is no longer serving as Chief Accounting Officer, Controller or Treasurer. The Company appointed David Hastings as the Company s Chief Accounting Officer and Treasurer along with Mr. Hastings  current role as Chief Financial Officer. The Company has also appointed a new independent Board member.      

Management has evaluated and revised the assignment of authorities and financial reporting responsibilities and roles and has made staffing changes including, without limitation, those noted above; and the Company will increase technical training to those employees involved in the financial reporting process.      

The Company has increased communication and will increase training to employees and the Board regarding the ethical values of the Company and the requirement to comply with laws, rules, regulations, and Company policies, including the Business Conduct Policy and Insider Trading Policy, and the importance of accurate and transparent financial reporting. In addition, the Company will revise its process to ensure that all employees annually confirm compliance with the Company s Business Conduct Policy and that deviations are identified and timely remediated.      

The Company will implement a regularly recurring risk assessment process focused on identifying and analyzing risks of financial misstatement due to error and/or fraud, including management override of controls.      

 56 

Under the supervision of the Board, the Company will emphasize to key   leadership the importance of setting appropriate tone at the top and of appropriate behavior with respect to accurate financial reporting and adherence to the Company s internal control over financial reporting framework and accounting policies.      

The Board will work with the Company to implement an internal audit function and develop a risk based plan that will monitor the Company s adherence to its policies and procedures including, without limitation, those policies and procedures related to the identification and disclosure of related party transactions, and to review any areas of concern or emphasis that the Board has identified as part of its oversight.      

The Company will update its policies and procedures to require the identification of related party transactions, transactions with senior executives, and to enhance the review and approval for these types of transactions and ensure their disclosure; and will train all employees on such updated policies.      

The Company will design and implement general information technology controls specifically, program change controls, user access controls designed to restrict IT and financial users  access and monitoring controls designed to actively monitor program changes and user access activities.      

 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting  
 Except for the material weaknesses disclosed above and identified as part of the Investigation, there were no changes in our internal controls over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) during the third quarter ended March 31, 2016 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. The Company has begun the process of enhancing existing controls and designing and implementing additional controls and procedures in response to the material weaknesses. 

57 

PART II. OTHE  R INFORMATION  
     Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
 From time to time, the Company is involved in various legal proceedings, claims, suits and complaints arising out of the normal course of business. Based on the facts currently available to the Company, management believes that these claims, suits and complaints are adequately provided for, covered by insurance, without merit or that it is not probable that an unfavorable outcome will result. 
 In addition, the Company is or was involved in the following legal proceedings. A former employee, Talbot Smith, who was terminated for cause by Unilife, filed a civil complaint in the United States District Court of the Eastern District of Pennsylvania on August 30, 2013, and an amended complaint on March 5, 2014, alleging that he was wrongly terminated in retaliation for making allegations about the Company s compliance practices. Following the discovery process, Mr. Smith dismissed his claims against the Company with prejudice. In connection with the resolution and dismissal of the action, Mr. Smith agreed to make a payment to the Company to settle counter claims the Company had brought against him. Mr. Smith received no payment as part of the resolution and dismissal of his claims against the Company, his attorney received a reduced portion of her fees from the Company s insurer, and the matter is now concluded. 
 As previously disclosed, subsequent to the filing of an OSHA complaint by Mr. Smith, we received a subpoena from the staff of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the  Staff ) requesting the Company to provide certain information to the Staff, which is generally consistent with the meritless allegations made by Mr. Smith in his OSHA complaint. In his complaint filed in the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Pennsylvania, Mr. Smith stated that he provided the Staff with information about his allegations in July and August 2012. The Company responded to that subpoena and has received additional subpoenas and requests for information from the Staff, requesting additional information consistent with the first subpoena. The Staff has also requested information about public statements made by the Company s former Chief Executive Officer. The Company has provided the requested information. 
 On May 8, 2016, the Company announced an investigation into violations of the Company s policies and procedures and possible violations of laws and regulations by the Company s former Chief Executive Officer, Alan Shortall, whose employment with the Company ceased on March 11, 2016, and its former Chairman, Jim Bosnjak, who  resigned from the Board on August 24, 2015  (the  Investigation ).  The Investigation was completed on October 7, 2016, and  the Company has reported to the SEC on the Company s findings from the Investigation, has responded to questions from the Staff regarding the findings, and is cooperating fully with the Staff.   To date, the SEC has not indicated whether any fines or penalties will be assessed against the Company in relation to these matters.  The Company is unable to predict  what action the SEC or other regulatory authority may take, if any, in relation to these matters or the impact, if any, of any such action on the Company s business, operations, cash flows and/or financial condition. If any fines or penalties are assessed against the Company they may be material.  
 As previously disclosed, on January 8, 2014, the Company was served with a derivative complaint filed in the Delaware Chancery Court (the  Court ) by Cambridge Retirement System ( Cambridge ), a purported stockholder of the Company, against its then-current Board of Directors to recover allegedly  excessive and wasteful  compensation paid to the non-executive directors since 2010. In June, 2014, pursuant to the Company s motion to dismiss the complaint, the Court dismissed Cambridge s complaint with respect to the directors  equity grants, but denied the motion with respect to their cash compensation.  The Company filed an answer to the remaining claims in July 2014 and, in June 2015, the Company and Cambridge entered into a Memorandum of Understanding ( MOU ) agreeing to the basic terms of a non-monetary settlement of the action. 
 On March 18, 2016, Cambridge agreed to voluntarily dismiss its derivative complaint.  No compensation in any form was provided to either Cambridge or its counsel in exchange for its agreement to voluntarily dismiss the lawsuit.  Because Cambridge agreed to voluntarily dismiss the lawsuit, the MOU has become null and void and of no further legal effect. On March 18, 2016, the Court entered a stipulated order regarding notice of the proposed dismissal of all claims in the derivative action (the  Proposed Dismissal Order ).  On April 18, 2016, the Court entered that stipulation as an order, dismissing the case with prejudice.  
   On September 14, 2015, UMSI was served with a complaint filed in the Superior Court of the State of Connecticut by Biodel, Inc. ( Biodel ) seeking (1) to temporarily enjoin UMSI from entering into a transaction that would jeopardize the Company s ability to perform its obligations under the Customization and Commercial Supply Agreement effective April 8, 2013 (as amended, the  First Biodel Agreement ) between Biodel and UMSI; and (2) damages under the Connecticut Unfair Trade Practices Act. Biodel alleged that UMSI had engaged in unfair and deceptive trade practices by purportedly misrepresenting its ability and willingness to satisfy its obligations under the First Biodel Agreement and requesting additional payments from Biodel to satisfy the Company s obligations. Additionally, Biodel filed a demand for arbitration with the American Arbitration Association (AAA) asserting that UMSI had breached its obligations relating to the timing and scope of its performance under the First Biodel Agreement.  
 58 

The Company filed counterclaims in the arbitration for commercial disparagement and breach of the confidentiality provisio  ns of the agreement.  
 On September 2, 2016, Biodel, the Company and UMSI entered into an Asset Purchase and License Agreement (the  Second Biodel Agreement ) which provides: (a) for the termination of the First Biodel Agreement; (b) for the grant of an exclusive license for a six-month term to the intellectual property rights related to the Unilife mixing device; (c) a six-month term during which Biodel can exercise an option (the  Option ) to purchase certain assets associated with the First Biodel Agreement for $1.5 million (the  Potential Asset Sale ) and extend Biodel s license, for fees based on intellectual prosecution and maintenance costs determined on an annual basis; (c) dismissal, with prejudice, of all active proceedings in connection with the litigation and arbitration proceedings pending between Biodel and UMSI.  Under the Second Biodel Agreement, each party also releases the other party of all liability, waives all claims with prejudice, and forever holds the other party harmless from any damages arising out of relating to the First Biodel Agreement. Biodel and UMSI each paid their respective attorneys  fees and UMSI paid no monetary amount to Biodel in connection with this resolution. 
 On March 24, 2016, Edward Fine filed a complaint against the Company and Unilife Medical Solutions Limited ( UMSL ) in the Superior Court of New Jersey.  The complaint alleges that the Company and UMSL are in breach of contract and have been unjustly enriched as a result of UMSL s failure to pay certain required payments under a consultancy agreement between Mr. Fine and UMSL.  Pursuant to the complaint, Mr. Fine is seeking monetary damages in the amount of $288,000 in the aggregate. The Company believes that Mr. Fine s claims and demands for relief are wholly without merit and the Company is vigorously defending the action.  On August 15, 2016, we filed an Answer, Affirmative Defenses and Counterclaims, wherein we asserted counterclaims against Mr. Fine for fraud, civil conspiracy, unjust enrichment, breach of contract, and breach of the implied covenant of good faith and fair dealing arising out of Mr. Fine s role in certain previously disclosed transactions involving Mr. Fine and Jim Bosnjak, the Company s former Chairman of the Board.  For additional information regarding such transactions, see the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on July 28, 2016 under the heading the  Bosnjak Loan Payments and Unrepaid Personal Expenses.   This action is currently in a 450-day discovery period which commenced on July 29, 2016. 
 On May 26 and 27, 2016, two putative class actions were filed in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York alleging that in violation of Rule 10b-5 and Section 20(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Company and four individual defendants made false and/or misleading statements and/or failed to disclose: (1) that the Company s former CEO and former Chairman of the Board of Directors had violated the Company s policies and procedures and had engaged in violations of law and regulations; (2) that the Company lacked adequate internal controls over accounting and financial reporting; (3) that, as a result, the Company would be unable to file its Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended March 31, 2016 by the prescribed filing deadline; and (4) that, as a result of the foregoing, the Company s financial statements, as well as its statements about the Company s business, operations, and prospects, were false and misleading and/or lacked a reasonable basis.  The putative class actions were brought on behalf of purchasers of the Company s securities between February 3, 2014 and May 23, 2016.  On August 24, 2016, the Court consolidated the two actions, appointed lead plaintiffs and lead counsel, and set a deadline of October 24, 2016 for Plaintiffs to file an amended complaint.  The Company intends to vigorously contest this lawsuit.  
 On July 11, July 28, and August 1, 2016, respectively, derivative complaints were filed in the Court of Common Pleas in York County, Pennsylvania against 11 current or former directors and/or officers, alleging (i) breach of their fiduciary duties, (ii) unjust enrichment, (iii) abuse of control, (iv) gross mismanagement, and (v) corporate waste.  The complaints allege, among other things, that the individual defendants breached the fiduciary duties they owed to the Company by (1) grossly mismanaging the Company and perpetuating a variety of self-serving schemes to benefit themselves and other interested parties and (2) making and/or causing the Company to make false/misleading statements or omissions of fact in its public disclosures.  The complaints further allege that as a result of this alleged conduct, the Company will lose and expend millions of dollars.  The Company intends to vigorously contest these lawsuits. 
 On August 17, 2016, Kahle Automation, S.r.l. ( Kahle ) filed a complaint against Unilife Medical Solutions, Inc. ( UMS ) in the United States District Court for the District of New Jersey.  The complaint alleges that UMS breached contracts with Kahle for Kahle s supply of automation systems for UMS Nexus and Finesse product lines.  Kahle seeks monetary damages of $4.2 million which includes alleged damages that we believe are not recoverable, such as $0.9 million for bank fees, and $0.8 million for lost profits.  Kahle also seeks injunctive relief enjoining UMS from using the Nexus System and requiring UMS to take delivery of work in process related to the Finesse System.  UMS disputes Kahle s allegations that UMS terminated its agreement with Kahle for the Finesse System.  We intend to defend ourselves vigorously against these claims.   
 The Company believes that depending on the outcome, certain of these matters may have a material impact to the Company or its business. See Part I, Item 1A Risk Factors    Matters relating to or arising from the Investigation, including regulatory proceedings, litigation and potential additional expenses, may adversely affect our business and results of operations  of the 2015 10-K Amendment. 

59 

Item 6.   Exhibits  
 The exhibits to this report are listed in the Exhibit Index below. 

Exhibit 
 No.  

Description of Exhibit  

Included 
 Herewith  

10.1  

Fifth Amendment to the Credit Agreement, dated January 31, 2016, by and among Unilife Medical Solutions, Inc., ROS Acquisition Offshore LP and the other Creditor Obligors party thereto   

X  

10.2  

Third Amendment to Royalty Agreement, dated January 31, 2016 by and among Unilife Medical Solutions, Inc. and Royal Opportunities S.  R.L.  

X  

10.3  

First Amendment to Exclusivity Agreement, dated January 31, 2016, by and between Unilife Corporation and Amgen Inc.  

X  

10.4  

First Amendment to Stock Purchase Agreement, dated February 3, 2016, by and between Unilife Corporation and the institutional investor is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of Unilife Corporation s Current Report on Form 8-K filed February 3, 2016  

10.5  

Second Amendment to Exclusivity Agreement, dated February 5, 2016, by and between Unilife Corporation and Amgen Inc.  

X  

10.6  

Sixth Amendment to the Credit Agreement, dated February 9, 2016, by and among Unilife Medical Solutions, Inc., ROS Acquisition Offshore LP and the other Creditor Obligors party thereto   

X  

10.7  

Fourth Amendment to Royalty Agreement, dated February 9, 2016 by and among Unilife Medical Solutions, Inc. and Royal Opportunities S.  R.L.  

X  

10.8  

Third Amendment to Exclusivity Agreement, dated February 15, 2016, by and between Unilife Corporation and Amgen Inc.  

X  

10.9  

Seventh Amendment to the Credit Agreement, dated February 16, 2016, by and among Unilife Medical Solutions, Inc., ROS Acquisition Offshore LP and the other Creditor Obligors party thereto   

X  

10.10*  

Fifth Amendment to Royalty Agreement, dated February 16, 2016 by and among Unilife Medical Solutions, Inc. and Royal Opportunities S.  R.L.  

X  

10.11*  

Eighth Amendment to the Credit Agreement, dated February 22, 2016, by and among Unilife Medical Solutions, Inc., ROS Acquisition Offshore LP and the other Creditor Obligors party thereto   

X  

10.12  

Sixth Amendment to Royalty Agreement, dated February 22, 2016 by and among Unilife Medical Solutions, Inc. and Royal Opportunities S.  R.L.  

X  

10.13*  

Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of February 22, 2016, among Unilife Corporation, Unilife Medical Solutions, Inc. and Amgen Inc.  

X  

10.14*  

6% Senior Secured Convertible Note Due 2023, dated February 22, 2016, in the amount of $30,000,000 issued by Unilife Corporation and Unilife Medical Solutions, Inc. to Amgen Inc.  

X  

10.15  

Warrant, dated as of February 22, 2016, issued by Unilife Corporation to Royal Opportunities S.  R.L.  

X  

10.16  

Consulting Agreement, dated March 11, 2016, by and between Unilife Corporation and Alan D. Shortall is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of Unilife Corporation s Current Report on Form 8-K filed March 14, 2016  

10.17  

General Release, dated March 11, 2016, by and between Unilife Corporation and Alan D. Shortall is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of Unilife Corporation s Current Report on Form 8-K filed March 14, 2016  

10.18  

General Release, dated March 11, 2016, by and between Unilife Corporation and Ramin Mojdeh, Ph.D. is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 of Unilife Corporation s Current Report on Form 8-K filed March 14, 2016  

60 

*   
 
 Confidential treatment has been requested for certain provisions of this Exhibit pursuant to Rule 24b-2 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.    

*  *   
 
 Attached as Exhibits 101 are the following financial statements from Unilife Corporation s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2016, formatted in XBRL (eXtensible Business Reporting Language); (i) Unaudited Consolidated Balance Sheets as of March 31, 2016 and June 30, 2015, (ii) Unaudited Consolidated Statement of Operations and Comprehensive Loss for the three and nine months ended March 31, 2016 and 2015, (iii) Unaudited Consolidated Statement of Stockholders  Deficit for the nine months ended March 31, 2016, (iv) Unaudited Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the nine months ended March 31, 2016 and 2015, and (v) Notes to Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements.    

61 

SIGNAT  URES  
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

Date: October 21, 2016  

UNILIFE CORPORATION  

By:  
 
 /s/ David C. Hastings  

David C. Hastings  

Chief Financial Officer  

(Duly Authorized Officer and Principal Financial Officer)  

62  

<EX-10.1>
 2
 unis-ex101_809.htm
 EX-10.1

unis-ex101_809.htm

Exhibit   10.1  
  Fifth AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT   
 This  Fifth  AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT (this   Amendment  ) is made and entered into as of January 31, 2016 by and among  Unilife Medical Solutions, Inc. , a Delaware corporation  (the    Borrower   ) , the other Creditor Obligors party hereto and  ROS Acquisition Offshore LP , a Cayman Islands exempted limited partnership (in its capacity as Lender and Collateral Agent, the   Lender  ). 
 WHEREAS , the Borrower and the Lender are party to that certain Credit Agreement, dated as of March 12, 2014 (as amended on September 30, 2014, June 30, 2015, October 13, 2015 and December 31, 2015, and as further amended from time to time, the    Credit Agreement   ), pursuant to which the Lender has extended credit to the Borrower on the terms set forth therein;   
 WHEREAS , the Borrower has requested that the Lender amend the Credit Agreement, as more fully described herein; and  
 WHEREAS,  the Lender is willing to agree to such amendment, but only upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth herein.  
 NOW, THEREFORE , in consideration of the mutual agreements herein contained, and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto agree as follows:  
 1.  Definitions; Loan Document .  Capitalized terms used herein without definition shall have the meanings assigned to such terms in the Credit Agreement.  This Amendment delivered in connection herewith shall constitute Loan Documents for all purposes of the Credit Agreement and the other Loan Documents.  Each reference to  hereof ,  hereunder ,  herein  and  hereby  and each other similar reference and each reference to  this Agreement  and each other similar reference contained in the Credit Agreement shall, after this Amendment becomes effective, refer to the Credit Agreement as amended hereby. 
         2.  Amendments       .   
 (a) Section 3.5 is hereby amended by adding the following sentences at the end of Section 3.5: 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, solely with respect to the Interest Period ending December 31, 2015, interest that accrues on the Loans during the Interest Period ending December 31, 2015 shall be due and payable in cash on February 9, 2016, together with accrued, but unpaid, interest on such deferred amount from December 31, 2015 at the rate specified in Section 3.3. 

3.   Conditions to Effectiveness of Amendment  .  This Amendment shall become effective upon receipt by:  
 (a) the Lender of a counterpart signature to this Amendment duly executed and delivered by the Borrower and each of the other Credit Obligors,  
 (b) the Credit Obligors of a counterpart signature to this Amendment duly executed and delivered by the Lender, and 
 (c) the Lender or its counsel of reimbursement for all fees and out-of-pocket expenses incurred by the Lender in connection with this Amendment and all other like expenses remaining unpaid as of the date hereof.  
 4.  Expenses .  The Borrower agrees to pay on demand all expenses of the Lender (including, without limitation, the fees and out-of-pocket expenses of Covington   Burling LLP, counsel to the Lender, and of local counsel, if any, who may be retained by or on behalf of the Lender) incurred in connection with the negotiation, preparation, execution and delivery of this Amendment and all other expenses of the Lender remaining unpaid as of the date hereof. 
 5.  Representations and Warranties .  The Credit Obligors represent and warrant to the Lender as follows: 
 (a) After giving effect to this Amendment, the representations and warranties of the Borrower and the Guarantors contained in the Credit Agreement or any other Loan Document (other than Section 6.14 of the Credit Agreement) shall except as disclosed in the disclosure letter dated the date hereof and delivered to the Lender on the date hereof, (i) with respect to representations and warranties that contain a materiality qualification, be true and correct in all respects on and as of the date hereof, and (ii) with respect to representations and warranties that do not contain a materiality qualification, be true and correct in all material respects on and as of the date hereof, and except that the representations and warranties limited by their terms to a specific date shall be true and correct as of such date. 
 (b) After giving effect to this Amendment, no Default or Event of Default has occurred or is continuing. 
 (c) (i) Each Credit Obligor has taken all necessary action to authorize the execution, delivery and performance of this Amendment; (ii) this Amendment has been duly executed and delivered by the Credit Obligors and constitutes each of the Credit Obligors  legal, valid and binding obligations, enforceable in accordance with its terms (except, in any case, as such enforceability may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or similar laws affecting creditors  rights generally and by principles of equity), and (iii) no authorization or other action by, and no notice to or filing with, any Governmental Authority or other Person is required for the due execution, delivery or performance by any Credit Obligor of this Amendment. 
 (d) At the date of this Amendment, none of the Collateral (as defined in the General Security Deed) is located, or taken for the purposes of any stamp duty law to be located, in New South Wales. 

6.   No Implied Amendment or Waiver  .  Except as expressly set forth in this Amendment, this Amendment shall not, by implication or otherwise, limit, impair, constitute a waiver of or otherwise affect any rights or remedies of the Lender under the Credit Agreement or the other Loan Documents, or alter, modify, amend or in any way affect any of the terms, obligations or covenants contained in the Credit Agreement or the other Loan Documents, all of which shall continue in full force and effect.  Nothing in this Amendment shall be construed to imply any willingness on the part of the Lender to agree to or grant any similar or future amendment, consent or waiver of any of the terms and conditions of the Credit Agreement or the other Loan Documents.  
 7.  Reaffirmation of Security Interests .  The Credit Obligors (i) affirm that each of the security interests and liens granted in or pursuant to the Loan Documents are valid and subsisting and (ii) agree that this Amendment shall in no manner impair or otherwise adversely affect any of the security interests and liens granted in or pursuant to the Loan Documents. 
 8.  Reaffirmation of Guarantee .  Each Guarantor (a) acknowledges and consents to all of the terms and conditions of this Amendment, (b) affirms all of its obligations under the Loan Documents and (c) agrees that this Amendment and all documents executed in connection herewith do not operate to reduce or discharge the Guarantor s obligations under the Loan Documents. 
 9.  Press Release .  No Credit Obligor shall, and each Credit Obligor shall instruct its Affiliates not to, issue a press release or other public announcement or otherwise make any public disclosure with respect to this Amendment or the subject matter hereof without the prior consent of the Lender (which consent shall not be unnecessarily withheld or delayed), except as may be required by applicable Law (in which case the Credit Obligor required to make the release or statement shall allow the Lender reasonable time to comment on such release or statement in advance of such issuance). 
 10.  Waiver and Release .  TO INDUCE THE LENDER TO AGREE TO THE TERMS OF THIS AMENDMENT, EACH  Credit Obligor  REPRESENTS AND WARRANTS THAT AS OF THE DATE HEREOF THERE ARE NO CLAIMS OR OFFSETS AGAINST OR RIGHTS OF RECOUPMENT WITH RESPECT TO OR DEFENSES OR COUNTERCLAIMS TO ITS OBLIGATIONS UNDER THE LOAN DOCUMENTS AND IN ACCORDANCE THEREWITH IT: 
 (a) WAIVES ANY AND ALL SUCH CLAIMS, OFFSETS, RIGHTS OF RECOUPMENT, DEFENSES OR COUNTERCLAIMS, WHETHER KNOWN OR UNKNOWN, ARISING PRIOR TO THE DATE HEREOF; AND 
   (b) RELEASES AND DISCHARGES THE LENDER, ITS AFFILIATES AND ITS AND THEIR OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, SHAREHOLDERS AND ATTORNEYS (COLLECTIVELY THE   RELEASED PARTIES  ) FROM ANY AND ALL OBLIGATIONS, INDEBTEDNESS, LIABILITIES, CLAIMS, RIGHTS, CAUSES OF ACTION OR DEMANDS WHATSOEVER, WHETHER KNOWN OR UNKNOWN, SUSPECTED OR UNSUSPECTED, IN LAW OR EQUITY, WHICH THE BORROWER EVER HAD, NOW HAS, CLAIMS TO HAVE OR MAY HAVE AGAINST ANY RELEASED  

PARTY ARISING PRIOR TO THE DATE HEREOF AND FROM OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE LOAN DOCUMENTS OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED THEREBY.  
 11.  Counterparts; Governing Law .    This Amendment may be executed in any number of counterparts and by different parties hereto on separate counterparts, each of such when so executed and delivered shall be an original, but all of such counterparts shall together constitute but one and the same agreement.  Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page of this Amendment by fax transmission or other electronic mail transmission (e.g.,  pdf  or  tif ) shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this Amendment.  THIS AMENDMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE INTERNAL LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK (INCLUDING FOR SUCH PURPOSE SECTIONS 5-1401 AND 5-1402 OF THE GENERAL OBLIGATIONS LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK). 
 [Remainder of Page Intentionally Left Blank] 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF  , the parties hereto have caused this Amendment to be executed by their respective officers thereunto duly authorized as of the day and year first above written.  
 EXECUTED  as a deed by each Australian Subsidiary.   

Unilife Medical Solutions, Inc.  

Unilife Corporation  

By:  

/s/ John Ryan  

By:  

/s/ John Ryan  

Name:  John Ryan  

Name:  John Ryan  

Title:    Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary  

Title:    Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary  

Unilife Cross Farm LLC  

By:  

/s/ John Ryan  

Name:  John Ryan  

Title:    Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary  

Executed  by  Unilife Medical Solutions Pty Limited  in accordance with Section 127 of the   Corporations Act 2001   

/s/ Alan Shortall  

/s/ Ramin Mojdeh  

Signature of director  

Signature of director /company secretary  
 (please delete as applicable)  

Alan Shortall  

Ramin Mojdeh  

Name of director (print)  

Name of director /company secretary  (print)  

Executed  by  Unitract Syringe Pty Ltd  in accordance with Section 127 of the   Corporations Act 2001   

/s/ Alan Shortall  

/s/ Ramin Mojdeh  

Signature of director  

Signature of director /company secretary  
 (please delete as applicable)  

Alan Shortall  

Ramin Mojdeh  

Name of director (print)  

Name of director /company secretary  (print)  

ROS ACQUISITION OFFSHORE LP, 
 as the Lender  

By OrbiMed Advisors LLC, its investment manager  

By:  

/s/ Samuel D. Isaly  

Name:  Samuel D. Isaly  

Title:    Managing Member  

</EX-10.1>

<EX-10.2>
 3
 unis-ex102_810.htm
 EX-10.2

unis-ex102_810.htm

Exhibit   10.2  
  Third AMENDMENT TO Royalty AGREEMENT   
 This  Third  AMENDMENT TO  Royalty  AGREEMENT (this   Amendment  ) is effective as of January 29, 2016 by and among  Unilife Medical Solutions, Inc. , a Delaware corporation  (   Unilife   )  and  Royalty  OPPORTUNITIES S.  R.L, a Luxembourg soci t    responsabilit  limit e (together with its Affiliates, successors, transferees and assignees,   ROS  ). 
 WHEREAS , Unilife and ROS are party to that certain Royalty Agreement, dated as of March 12, 2014 (as amended from time to time, the    Royalty Agreement   ), pursuant to which Unilife granted to ROS a royalty on the terms set forth therein;  
 WHEREAS , Unilife and ROS Acquisition Offshore LP, a Cayman Islands exempted limited partnership (the    Lender   ) are party to that certain Credit Agreement, dated as of March 12, 2014 (as amended from time to time, the    Credit Agreement   ), pursuant to which the Lender has extended credit to Unilife on the terms set forth therein; and  
 WHEREAS , Unilife and ROS have agreed to amend the Royalty Agreement, upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth herein.  
 NOW, THEREFORE , in consideration of the mutual agreements herein contained, and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto agree as follows:  
 1.  Definitions; Loan Document .  Capitalized terms used herein without definition shall have the meanings assigned to such terms in the Royalty Agreement and, to the extent not defined therein, in the Credit Agreement.  This Amendment shall constitute a Loan Document for all purposes of the Credit Agreement and the other Loan Documents.  Each reference to  hereof ,  hereunder ,  herein  and  hereby  and each other similar reference and each reference to  this Agreement  and each other similar reference contained in the Royalty Agreement shall, after this Amendment becomes effective, refer to the Royalty Agreement as amended hereby. 
   2.  Amendments .  Section 2.1(b) of the Royalty Agreement is hereby amended by adding the following language at the end of the first sentence thereof (prior to the period):  
   ; provided further that $124,749.81 of the Royalty Payment for the Fiscal Quarter ending December 31, 2015 shall be due and payable on February 1, 2016 and $678,150.00 of the Royalty Payment for the Fiscal Quarter ending December 31, 2015 shall be due and payable on February 9, 2016 
   3.  Conditions to Effectiveness of Amendment .  This Amendment shall become effective upon receipt (i) by ROS of a counterpart signature to this Amendment duly executed and delivered by Unilife, and (ii) by ROS or its counsel of reimbursement for all fees and out-of-pocket expenses incurred by ROS in connection with this Amendment and all other like expenses remaining unpaid as of the date hereof.  

4.   Expenses  .    Unilife agrees to pay on demand all expenses of ROS (including, without limitation, the fees and out-of-pocket expenses of Covington   Burling LLP, counsel to ROS, and of local counsel, if any, who may be retained by or on behalf of ROS) incurred in connection with the negotiation, preparation, execution and delivery of this Amendment and all other expenses of ROS remaining unpaid as of the date hereof.  
 5.  Representations and Warranties .  Unilife represents and warrants to ROS as follows: 
 (a) After giving effect to this Amendment, the representations and warranties of Unilife contained in the Royalty Agreement (other than Section 6.14 of the Credit Agreement) shall, except as disclosed in the disclosure letter dated the date hereof and delivered to the Lender on the date hereof (i) with respect to representations and warranties that contain a materiality qualification, be true and correct in all respects on and as of the date hereof, and (ii) with respect to representations and warranties that do not contain a materiality qualification, be true and correct in all material respects on and as of the date hereof, and except that the representations and warranties limited by their terms to a specific date shall be true and correct as of such date. 
 (b) After giving effect to this Amendment, no Royalty Event of Default has occurred or is continuing. 
 (c) (i) Unilife has taken all necessary action to authorize the execution, delivery and performance of this Amendment; (ii) this Amendment has been duly executed and delivered by Unilife and constitutes Unilife s legal, valid and binding obligation, enforceable in accordance with its terms (except, in any case, as such enforceability may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or similar laws affecting creditors  rights generally and by principles of equity), and (iii) no authorization or other action by, and no notice to or filing with, any Governmental Authority or other Person is required for the due execution, delivery or performance by Unilife of this Amendment. 
 6.  No Implied Amendment or Waiver .  Except as expressly set forth in this Amendment, this Amendment shall not, by implication or otherwise, limit, impair, constitute a waiver of or otherwise affect any rights or remedies of ROS under the Royalty Agreement or the other Loan Documents, or alter, modify, amend or in any way affect any of the terms, obligations or covenants contained in the Royalty Agreement or the other Loan Documents, all of which shall continue in full force and effect.  Nothing in this Amendment shall be construed to imply any willingness on the part of ROS to agree to or grant any similar or future amendment, consent or waiver of any of the terms and conditions of the Royalty Agreement or the other Loan Documents. 
 7.  Reaffirmation of Security Interests .  The Credit Obligors (i) affirm that each of the security interests and liens granted in or pursuant to the Loan Documents are valid and subsisting and (ii) agree that this Amendment shall in no manner impair or otherwise adversely affect any of the security interests and liens granted in or pursuant to the Loan Documents.  

8.   Reaffirmation of Guarantee  .  Each Guarantor (a) acknowledges and consents to all of the terms and conditions of this Amendment, (b) affirms all of its obligations under the Loan Documents and (c) agrees that this Amendment and all documents executed in connection herewith do not operate to reduce or discharge the Guarantor s obligations under the Loan Documents.  
 9.  Waiver and Release .  TO INDUCE ROS TO AGREE TO THE TERMS OF THIS AMENDMENT,  Unilife  REPRESENTS AND WARRANTS THAT AS OF THE DATE HEREOF THERE ARE NO CLAIMS OR OFFSETS AGAINST OR RIGHTS OF RECOUPMENT WITH RESPECT TO OR DEFENSES OR COUNTERCLAIMS TO ITS OBLIGATIONS UNDER THE LOAN DOCUMENTS AND IN ACCORDANCE THEREWITH IT: 
 (a) WAIVES ANY AND ALL SUCH CLAIMS, OFFSETS, RIGHTS OF RECOUPMENT, DEFENSES OR COUNTERCLAIMS, WHETHER KNOWN OR UNKNOWN, ARISING PRIOR TO THE DATE HEREOF; AND 
 (b) RELEASES AND DISCHARGES ROS, ITS AFFILIATES AND ITS AND THEIR OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, SHAREHOLDERS AND ATTORNEYS (COLLECTIVELY THE   RELEASED PARTIES  ) FROM ANY AND ALL OBLIGATIONS, INDEBTEDNESS, LIABILITIES, CLAIMS, RIGHTS, CAUSES OF ACTION OR DEMANDS WHATSOEVER, WHETHER KNOWN OR UNKNOWN, SUSPECTED OR UNSUSPECTED, IN LAW OR EQUITY, WHICH  Unilife  EVER HAD, NOW HAS, CLAIMS TO HAVE OR MAY HAVE AGAINST ANY RELEASED PARTY ARISING PRIOR TO THE DATE HEREOF AND FROM OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE LOAN DOCUMENTS OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED THEREBY. 
 10.  Counterparts; Governing Law .    This Amendment may be executed in any number of counterparts and by different parties hereto on separate counterparts, each of such when so executed and delivered shall be an original, but all of such counterparts shall together constitute but one and the same agreement.  Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page of this Amendment by fax transmission or other electronic mail transmission (e.g.,  pdf  or  tif ) shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this Amendment.  THIS AMENDMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE INTERNAL LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK (INCLUDING FOR SUCH PURPOSE SECTIONS 5-1401 AND 5-1402 OF THE GENERAL OBLIGATIONS LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK). 
 [Remainder of Page Intentionally Left Blank] 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF  , the parties hereto have caused this Amendment to be executed by their respective officers thereunto duly authorized on January 31, 2016.  

Unilife Medical Solutions, Inc.  

Unilife Medical Solutions, Inc.  

By:  

/s/ John Ryan  

By:  

Name:  John Ryan  

Name:  

Title:    Senior Vice President, General   

Title:  

Counsel and Secretary  

ROYALTY OPPORTUNITIES S.  R.L  

ROYALTY OPPORTUNITIES S.  R.L  

By OrbiMed Advisors LLC, its investment manager  

By OrbiMed Advisors LLC, its investment manager  

By:  

/s/ Samuel D. Isaly  

By:  

Name:  Samuel D. Isaly  

Name:  

Title:    Managing Member  

Title:  

Signature Page to Third Amendment to Royalty Agreement 

Acknowledged and agreed:  
 EXECUTED as a deed by each Australian Subsidiary 

Unilife Cross Farm LLC  

Unilife Corporation  

By:  

/s/ John Ryan  

By:  

/s/ John Ryan  

Name:   John Ryan  

Name:   John Ryan  

Title:     Senior Vice President, General  

Title:     Senior Vice President, General  

Counsel and Secretary  

Counsel and Secretary  

Executed  by  Unilife Medical Solutions Pty Limited  in accordance with Section 127 of the   Corporations Act 2001   

/s/ Alan Shortall  

/s/ Ramin Mojdeh  

Signature of director  

Signature of director /company secretary   

(please delete as applicable)  

Alan Shortall  

Ramin Mojdeh  

Name of director (print)  

Name of director /company secretary  (print)  

Executed  by  Unitract Syringe Pty Ltd  in accordance with Section 127 of the   Corporations Act 2001   

/s/ Alan Shortall  

/s/ Ramin Mojdeh  

Signature of director  

Signature of director /company secretary   

(please delete as applicable)  

Alan Shortall  

Ramin Mojdeh  

Name of director (print)  

Name of director /company secretary  (print)  

Signature Page to Third Amendment to Royalty Agreement  

</EX-10.2>

<EX-10.3>
 4
 unis-ex103_932.htm
 EX-10.3

unis-ex103_932.htm

Exhibit 10.3 
 January 31, 2016 
 Amgen Inc. 
 One Amgen Center Drive 
 Thousand Oaks  CA  91320-1799 
 Attention:  Corporate Secretary 
 Re:    Amendment of Exclusivity Letter 
 Ladies and Gentlemen: 
 Unilife Corporation ( Unilife ) and Amgen Inc. ( Amgen  and, together with Unilife, the  Parties ) have entered into an exclusivity letter agreement dated December 31, 2015 (the  Exclusivity Letter ).  Capitalized terms used but not defined in this letter shall have the meanings assigned to such terms in the Exclusivity Letter. 
 Pursuant to Section 13 of the Exclusivity Letter, the Parties intend to hereby amend the Exclusivity Letter, and agree that the Exclusivity Period in Section 1(a) of the Exclusivity Letter shall be extended through and to 11:59 pm Pacific Time on Friday, February 5, 2016 so long as the Parties continue to negotiate in good faith a Transaction.  

Very truly yours,  

UNILIFE CORPORATION  

By:  

/s/ John Ryan  

Name:  

John Ryan  

Title:  

SVP, General Counsel   Secretary  

CONFIRMED AND AGREED TO: 
 AMGEN INC. 

By:  

/s/ David A. Piacquad  

Name:  

David A. Piacquad  

Title:  

Senior Vice President, 
 Business Development  

</EX-10.3>

<EX-10.5>
 5
 unis-ex105_931.htm
 EX-10.5

unis-ex105_931.htm

Exhibit   10.5  
 February 5, 2016 
 Amgen Inc. 
 One Amgen Center Drive 
 Thousand Oaks  CA  91320-1799 
 Attention:  Corporate Secretary 
 Re:    Amendment of Exclusivity Letter 
 Ladies and Gentlemen: 
 Unilife Corporation ( Unilife ) and Amgen Inc. ( Amgen  and, together with Unilife, the  Parties ) entered into an exclusivity letter agreement dated December 31, 2015 (the  Exclusivity Letter ).  Capitalized terms used but not defined in this letter shall have the meanings assigned to such terms in the Exclusivity Letter. 
 Pursuant to Section 13 of the Exclusivity Letter, the Parties intend to hereby amend the Exclusivity Letter, and agree that the Exclusivity Period in Section 1(a) of the Exclusivity Letter shall be extended through and to 11:59 pm Pacific Time on Monday, February 15, 2016 so long as the Parties continue to negotiate in good faith a Transaction.  

Very truly yours,  

UNILIFE CORPORATION  

By:  

/s/ John Ryan  

Name:  

John Ryan  

Title:  

SVP, General Counsel   Secretary  

CONFIRMED AND AGREED TO: 
   
 AMGEN INC. 

By:  

/s/ David Piacquad  

Name:  

David Piacquad  

Title:  

Sr. Vice President,  

Business Development  

</EX-10.5>

<EX-10.6>
 6
 unis-ex106_811.htm
 EX-10.6

unis-ex106_811.htm

Exhibit   10.6  
  Sixth AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT   
 This  Sixth  AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT (this   Amendment  ) is made and entered into as of February 9, 2016 by and among  Unilife Medical Solutions, Inc. , a Delaware corporation  (the    Borrower   ) , the other Creditor Obligors party hereto and  ROS Acquisition Offshore LP , a Cayman Islands exempted limited partnership (in its capacity as Lender and Collateral Agent, the   Lender  ). 
 WHEREAS , the Borrower and the Lender are party to that certain Credit Agreement, dated as of March 12, 2014 (as amended from time to time, the    Credit Agreement   ), pursuant to which the Lender has extended credit to the Borrower on the terms set forth therein;   
 WHEREAS , the Borrower has requested that the Lender amend the Credit Agreement, as more fully described herein; and  
 WHEREAS,  the Lender is willing to agree to such amendment, but only upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth herein.  
 NOW, THEREFORE , in consideration of the mutual agreements herein contained, and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto agree as follows:  
 1.  Definitions; Loan Document .  Capitalized terms used herein without definition shall have the meanings assigned to such terms in the Credit Agreement.  This Amendment delivered in connection herewith shall constitute Loan Documents for all purposes of the Credit Agreement and the other Loan Documents.  Each reference to  hereof ,  hereunder ,  herein  and  hereby  and each other similar reference and each reference to  this Agreement  and each other similar reference contained in the Credit Agreement shall, after this Amendment becomes effective, refer to the Credit Agreement as amended hereby. 
         2.  Amendments       .   
 (a) Section 3.5 is hereby amended by replacing the date  February 9, 2016  in the last sentence thereof with the date  February 16, 2016 . 
 3.  Conditions to Effectiveness of Amendment .  This Amendment shall become effective upon receipt by: 
 (a) the Lender of a counterpart signature to this Amendment duly executed and delivered by the Borrower and each of the other Credit Obligors,  
 (b) the Credit Obligors of a counterpart signature to this Amendment duly executed and delivered by the Lender, and 
 (c) the Lender or its counsel of reimbursement for all fees and out-of-pocket expenses incurred by the Lender in connection with this Amendment and all other like expenses remaining unpaid as of the date hereof.  
 DC: 5968753-1  DM3\4193777.3  

4  .     Expenses  .    The Borrower agrees to pay on demand all expenses of the Lender (including, without limitation, the fees and out-of-pocket expenses of Covington   Burling LLP, counsel to the Lender, and of local counsel, if any, who may be retained by or on behalf of the Lender) incurred in connection with the negotiation, preparation, execution and delivery of this Amendment and all other expenses of the Lender remaining unpaid as of the date hereof.  
 5.  Representations and Warranties .  The Credit Obligors represent and warrant to the Lender as follows: 
 (a) After giving effect to this Amendment, the representations and warranties of the Borrower and the Guarantors contained in the Credit Agreement or any other Loan Document (other than Section 6.14 of the Credit Agreement) shall except as disclosed in the disclosure letter dated the date hereof and delivered to the Lender on the date hereof, (i) with respect to representations and warranties that contain a materiality qualification, be true and correct in all respects on and as of the date hereof, and (ii) with respect to representations and warranties that do not contain a materiality qualification, be true and correct in all material respects on and as of the date hereof, and except that the representations and warranties limited by their terms to a specific date shall be true and correct as of such date. 
 (b) After giving effect to this Amendment, no Default or Event of Default has occurred or is continuing. 
 (c) (i) Each Credit Obligor has taken all necessary action to authorize the execution, delivery and performance of this Amendment; (ii) this Amendment has been duly executed and delivered by the Credit Obligors and constitutes each of the Credit Obligors  legal, valid and binding obligations, enforceable in accordance with its terms (except, in any case, as such enforceability may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or similar laws affecting creditors  rights generally and by principles of equity), and (iii) no authorization or other action by, and no notice to or filing with, any Governmental Authority or other Person is required for the due execution, delivery or performance by any Credit Obligor of this Amendment. 
 (d) At the date of this Amendment, none of the Collateral (as defined in the General Security Deed) is located, or taken for the purposes of any stamp duty law to be located, in New South Wales. 
 6.  No Implied Amendment or Waiver .  Except as expressly set forth in this Amendment, this Amendment shall not, by implication or otherwise, limit, impair, constitute a waiver of or otherwise affect any rights or remedies of the Lender under the Credit Agreement or the other Loan Documents, or alter, modify, amend or in any way affect any of the terms, obligations or covenants contained in the Credit Agreement or the other Loan Documents, all of which shall continue in full force and effect.  Nothing in this Amendment shall be construed to imply any willingness on the part of the Lender to agree to or grant any similar or future amendment, consent or waiver of any of the terms and conditions of the Credit Agreement or the other Loan Documents. 
 7.  Reaffirmation of Security Interests .  The Credit Obligors (i) affirm that each of the security interests and liens granted in or pursuant to the Loan Documents are valid and subsisting and (ii) agree that this Amendment shall in no manner impair or otherwise adversely affect any of the security interests and liens granted in or pursuant to the Loan Documents. 
  DM3\4193777.3  

8  .     Reaffirmation of Guarantee  .  Each Guarantor (a) acknowledges and consents to all of the terms and conditions of this Amendment, (b) affirms all of its obligations under the Loan Documents and (c) agrees that this Amendment and all documents executed in connection herewith do not operate to reduce or discharge the Guarantor s obligations under the Loan Documents.  
 9.  Press Release .  No Credit Obligor shall, and each Credit Obligor shall instruct its Affiliates not to, issue a press release or other public announcement or otherwise make any public disclosure with respect to this Amendment or the subject matter hereof without the prior consent of the Lender (which consent shall not be unnecessarily withheld or delayed), except as may be required by applicable Law (in which case the Credit Obligor required to make the release or statement shall allow the Lender reasonable time to comment on such release or statement in advance of such issuance). 
 10.  Waiver and Release .  TO INDUCE THE LENDER TO AGREE TO THE TERMS OF THIS AMENDMENT, EACH  Credit Obligor  REPRESENTS AND WARRANTS THAT AS OF THE DATE HEREOF THERE ARE NO CLAIMS OR OFFSETS AGAINST OR RIGHTS OF RECOUPMENT WITH RESPECT TO OR DEFENSES OR COUNTERCLAIMS TO ITS OBLIGATIONS UNDER THE LOAN DOCUMENTS AND IN ACCORDANCE THEREWITH IT: 
 (a) WAIVES ANY AND ALL SUCH CLAIMS, OFFSETS, RIGHTS OF RECOUPMENT, DEFENSES OR COUNTERCLAIMS, WHETHER KNOWN OR UNKNOWN, ARISING PRIOR TO THE DATE HEREOF; AND 
 (b) RELEASES AND DISCHARGES THE LENDER, ITS AFFILIATES AND ITS AND THEIR OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, SHAREHOLDERS AND ATTORNEYS (COLLECTIVELY THE   RELEASED PARTIES  ) FROM ANY AND ALL OBLIGATIONS, INDEBTEDNESS, LIABILITIES, CLAIMS, RIGHTS, CAUSES OF ACTION OR DEMANDS WHATSOEVER, WHETHER KNOWN OR UNKNOWN, SUSPECTED OR UNSUSPECTED, IN LAW OR EQUITY, WHICH THE BORROWER EVER HAD, NOW HAS, CLAIMS TO HAVE OR MAY HAVE AGAINST ANY RELEASED PARTY ARISING PRIOR TO THE DATE HEREOF AND FROM OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE LOAN DOCUMENTS OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED THEREBY. 
 11.  Counterparts; Governing Law .    This Amendment may be executed in any number of counterparts and by different parties hereto on separate counterparts, each of such when so executed and delivered shall be an original, but all of such counterparts shall together constitute but one and the same agreement.  Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page of this Amendment by fax transmission or other electronic mail transmission (e.g.,  pdf  or  tif ) shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this Amendment.  THIS AMENDMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE INTERNAL LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK (INCLUDING FOR SUCH PURPOSE SECTIONS 5-1401 AND 5-1402 OF THE GENERAL OBLIGATIONS LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK). 
 [Remainder of Page Intentionally Left Blank] 

DM3\4193777.3  

IN WITNESS WHEREOF  , the parties hereto have caused this Amendment to be executed by their respective officers thereunto duly authorized as of the day and year first above written.  
 EXECUTED  as a deed by each Australian Subsidiary.   

Unilife Medical Solutions, Inc.  

Unilife Corporation  

By:  

/s/ John Ryan  

By:  

/s/ John Ryan  

Name:  John Ryan  

Name:  John Ryan  

Title:    Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary  

Title:    Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary  

Unilife Cross Farm LLC  

By:  

/s/ John Ryan  

Name:  John Ryan  

Title:    Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary  

Executed  by  Unilife Medical Solutions Pty Limited  in accordance with Section 127 of the   Corporations Act 2001   

/s/ Alan Shortall  

/s/ Ramin Mojdeh  

Signature of director  

Signature of director /company secretary   

(please delete as applicable)  

Alan Shortall  

Ramin Mojdeh  

Name of director (print)  

Name of director /company secretary  (print)  

Executed  by  Unitract Syringe Pty Ltd  in accordance with Section 127 of the  
 Corporations Act 2001  

/s/ Alan Shortall  

/s/ Ramin Mojdeh  

Signature of director  

Signature of director /company secretary   

(please delete as applicable)  

Alan Shortall  

Ramin Mojdeh  

Name of director (print)  

Name of director /company secretary  (print)  

Signature Page to Sixth Amendment to Credit Agreement 
  DM3\4193777.3  

ROS ACQUISITION OFFSHORE LP,  
 as the Lender  

By OrbiMed Advisors LLC, its investment manager  

By:  

/s/ Samuel D. Isaly  

Name:  Samuel D. Isaly  

Title:    Managing Member  

Signature Page to Sixth Amendment to Credit Agreement 
  DM3\4193777.3   

</EX-10.6>

<EX-10.7>
 7
 unis-ex107_812.htm
 EX-10.7

unis-ex107_812.htm

Exhibit   10.7  
  Fourth AMENDMENT TO Royalty AGREEMENT   
 This  Fourth  AMENDMENT TO  Royalty  AGREEMENT (this   Amendment  ) is effective as of February 9, 2016 by and among  Unilife Medical Solutions, Inc. , a Delaware corporation  (   Unilife   )  and  Royalty  OPPORTUNITIES S.  R.L, a Luxembourg soci t    responsabilit  limit e (together with its Affiliates, successors, transferees and assignees,   ROS  ). 
 WHEREAS , Unilife and ROS are party to that certain Royalty Agreement, dated as of March 12, 2014 (as amended from time to time, the    Royalty Agreement   ), pursuant to which Unilife granted to ROS a royalty on the terms set forth therein;  
 WHEREAS , Unilife and ROS Acquisition Offshore LP, a Cayman Islands exempted limited partnership (the    Lender   ) are party to that certain Credit Agreement, dated as of March 12, 2014 (as amended from time to time, the    Credit Agreement   ), pursuant to which the Lender has extended credit to Unilife on the terms set forth therein; and  
 WHEREAS , Unilife and ROS have agreed to amend the Royalty Agreement, upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth herein.  
 NOW, THEREFORE , in consideration of the mutual agreements herein contained, and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto agree as follows:  
 1.  Definitions; Loan Document .  Capitalized terms used herein without definition shall have the meanings assigned to such terms in the Royalty Agreement and, to the extent not defined therein, in the Credit Agreement.  This Amendment shall constitute a Loan Document for all purposes of the Credit Agreement and the other Loan Documents.  Each reference to  hereof ,  hereunder ,  herein  and  hereby  and each other similar reference and each reference to  this Agreement  and each other similar reference contained in the Royalty Agreement shall, after this Amendment becomes effective, refer to the Royalty Agreement as amended hereby. 
   2.  Amendments .  Section 2.1(b) of the Royalty Agreement is hereby amended by replacing the date  February 9, 2016  in the last proviso of the first sentence thereof with the date  February 16, 2016 . 
   3.  Conditions to Effectiveness of Amendment .  This Amendment shall become effective upon receipt (i) by ROS of a counterpart signature to this Amendment duly executed and delivered by Unilife, and (ii) by ROS or its counsel of reimbursement for all fees and out-of-pocket expenses incurred by ROS in connection with this Amendment and all other like expenses remaining unpaid as of the date hereof.  

4.   Expenses  .    Unilife agrees to pay on demand all expenses of ROS (including, without limitation, the fees and out-of-pocket expenses of Covington   Burling LLP, counsel to ROS, and of local counsel, if any, who may be retained by or on behalf of ROS) incurred in connection with the negotiation, preparation, execution and delivery of this Amendment and all other expenses of ROS remaining unpaid as of the date hereof.  
 5.  Representations and Warranties .  Unilife represents and warrants to ROS as follows: 
 (a) After giving effect to this Amendment, the representations and warranties of Unilife contained in the Royalty Agreement (other than Section 6.14 of the Credit Agreement) shall, except as disclosed in the disclosure letter dated the date hereof and delivered to the Lender on the date hereof (i) with respect to representations and warranties that contain a materiality qualification, be true and correct in all respects on and as of the date hereof, and (ii) with respect to representations and warranties that do not contain a materiality qualification, be true and correct in all material respects on and as of the date hereof, and except that the representations and warranties limited by their terms to a specific date shall be true and correct as of such date. 
 (b) After giving effect to this Amendment, no Royalty Event of Default has occurred or is continuing. 
 (c) (i) Unilife has taken all necessary action to authorize the execution, delivery and performance of this Amendment; (ii) this Amendment has been duly executed and delivered by Unilife and constitutes Unilife s legal, valid and binding obligation, enforceable in accordance with its terms (except, in any case, as such enforceability may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or similar laws affecting creditors  rights generally and by principles of equity), and (iii) no authorization or other action by, and no notice to or filing with, any Governmental Authority or other Person is required for the due execution, delivery or performance by Unilife of this Amendment. 
 6.  No Implied Amendment or Waiver .  Except as expressly set forth in this Amendment, this Amendment shall not, by implication or otherwise, limit, impair, constitute a waiver of or otherwise affect any rights or remedies of ROS under the Royalty Agreement or the other Loan Documents, or alter, modify, amend or in any way affect any of the terms, obligations or covenants contained in the Royalty Agreement or the other Loan Documents, all of which shall continue in full force and effect.  Nothing in this Amendment shall be construed to imply any willingness on the part of ROS to agree to or grant any similar or future amendment, consent or waiver of any of the terms and conditions of the Royalty Agreement or the other Loan Documents. 
 7.  Reaffirmation of Security Interests .  The Credit Obligors (i) affirm that each of the security interests and liens granted in or pursuant to the Loan Documents are valid and subsisting and (ii) agree that this Amendment shall in no manner impair or otherwise adversely affect any of the security interests and liens granted in or pursuant to the Loan Documents.  
 -2- 
  DM3\4193777.3  

8.   Reaffirmation of Guarantee  .  Each Guarantor (a) acknowledges and consents to all of the terms and conditions of this Amendment, (b) affirms all of its obligations under the Loan Documents and (c) agrees that this Amendment and all documents executed in connection herewith do not operate to reduce or discharge the Guarantor s obligations under the Loan Documents.  
 9.  Waiver and Release .  TO INDUCE ROS TO AGREE TO THE TERMS OF THIS AMENDMENT,  Unilife  REPRESENTS AND WARRANTS THAT AS OF THE DATE HEREOF THERE ARE NO CLAIMS OR OFFSETS AGAINST OR RIGHTS OF RECOUPMENT WITH RESPECT TO OR DEFENSES OR COUNTERCLAIMS TO ITS OBLIGATIONS UNDER THE LOAN DOCUMENTS AND IN ACCORDANCE THEREWITH IT: 
 (a) WAIVES ANY AND ALL SUCH CLAIMS, OFFSETS, RIGHTS OF RECOUPMENT, DEFENSES OR COUNTERCLAIMS, WHETHER KNOWN OR UNKNOWN, ARISING PRIOR TO THE DATE HEREOF; AND 
 (b) RELEASES AND DISCHARGES ROS, ITS AFFILIATES AND ITS AND THEIR OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, SHAREHOLDERS AND ATTORNEYS (COLLECTIVELY THE   RELEASED PARTIES  ) FROM ANY AND ALL OBLIGATIONS, INDEBTEDNESS, LIABILITIES, CLAIMS, RIGHTS, CAUSES OF ACTION OR DEMANDS WHATSOEVER, WHETHER KNOWN OR UNKNOWN, SUSPECTED OR UNSUSPECTED, IN LAW OR EQUITY, WHICH  Unilife  EVER HAD, NOW HAS, CLAIMS TO HAVE OR MAY HAVE AGAINST ANY RELEASED PARTY ARISING PRIOR TO THE DATE HEREOF AND FROM OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE LOAN DOCUMENTS OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED THEREBY. 
 10.  Counterparts; Governing Law .    This Amendment may be executed in any number of counterparts and by different parties hereto on separate counterparts, each of such when so executed and delivered shall be an original, but all of such counterparts shall together constitute but one and the same agreement.  Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page of this Amendment by fax transmission or other electronic mail transmission (e.g.,  pdf  or  tif ) shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this Amendment.  THIS AMENDMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE INTERNAL LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK (INCLUDING FOR SUCH PURPOSE SECTIONS 5-1401 AND 5-1402 OF THE GENERAL OBLIGATIONS LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK). 
 [Remainder of Page Intentionally Left Blank] 

-3- 
  DM3\4193777.3  

IN WITNESS WHEREOF  , the parties hereto have caused this Amendment to be executed by their respective officers thereunto duly authorized on February 9, 2016.  

Unilife Medical Solutions, Inc.  

By:  

/s/ John Ryan  

Name:   John Ryan  

Title:     Senior Vice President, General  

Counsel and Secretary  

ROYALTY OPPORTUNITIES S.  R.L  

By OrbiMed Advisors LLC, its investment manager  

By:  

/s/ Samuel D. Isaly  

Name:  Samuel D. Isaly  

Title:    Managing Member  

Signature Page to Fourth Amendment to Royalty Agreement 
  DM3\4193777.3  

Acknowledged and agreed:  
 EXECUTED as a deed by each Australian Subsidiary 

Unilife Cross Farm LLC  

Unilife Corporation  

By:  

/s/ John Ryan  

By:  

/s/ John Ryan  

Name:   John Ryan  

Name:   John Ryan  

Title:     Senior Vice President, General  

Title:     Senior Vice President, General  

Counsel and Secretary  

Counsel and Secretary  

Executed  by  Unilife Medical Solutions Pty Limited  in accordance with Section 127 of the   Corporations Act 2001   

/s/ Alan Shortall  

/s/ Ramin Mojdeh  

Signature of director  

Signature of director /company secretary   

(please delete as applicable)  

Alan Shortall  

Ramin Mojdeh  

Name of director (print)  

Name of director /company secretary  (print)  

Executed  by  Unitract Syringe Pty Ltd  in accordance with Section 127 of the   Corporations Act 2001   

/s/ Alan Shortall  

/s/ Ramin Mojdeh  

Signature of director  

Signature of director /company secretary   

(please delete as applicable)  

Alan Shortall  

Ramin Mojdeh  

Name of director (print)  

Name of director /company secretary  (print)  

Signature Page to Fourth Amendment to Royalty Agreement 
  DM3\4193777.3   

</EX-10.7>

<EX-10.8>
 8
 unis-ex108_929.htm
 EX-10.8

unis-ex108_929.htm

Exhibit   10.8  
 February 15, 2016 
 Amgen Inc. 
 One Amgen Center Drive 
 Thousand Oaks, CA  91320-1799 
 Attention:  Corporate Secretary 
 Re:    Amendment of Exclusivity Letter 
 Ladies and Gentlemen: 
 Unilife Corporation ( Unilife ) and Amgen Inc. ( Amgen  and, together with Unilife, the  Parties ) have entered into an exclusivity letter agreement dated December 31, 2015 (the  Exclusivity Letter ).  Capitalized terms used but not defined in this letter shall have the meanings assigned to such terms in the Exclusivity Letter. 
 Pursuant to Section 13 of the Exclusivity Letter, the Parties intend to hereby amend the Exclusivity Letter, and agree that the Exclusivity Period in Section 1(a) of the Exclusivity Letter shall be extended through and to 11:59 pm Pacific Time on Friday, February 26, 2016 so long as the Parties continue to negotiate in good faith a Transaction.  

Very truly yours,  

UNILIFE CORPORATION  

By:  

/s/ John Ryan  

Name:  

John Ryan  

Title:  

SVP, General Counsel   Secretary  

CONFIRMED AND AGREED TO: 
 AMGEN INC. 

By:  

/s/ David Piacquad  

Name:   

David Piacquad  

Title:   

Sr. Vice President,  

Business Development  

</EX-10.8>

<EX-10.9>
 9
 unis-ex109_813.htm
 EX-10.9

unis-ex109_813.htm

Exhibit   10.9  
  Seventh AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT   
 This  Seventh  AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT (this   Amendment  ) is made and entered into as of February  16 , 2016 by and among  Unilife Medical Solutions, Inc. , a Delaware corporation  (the    Borrower   ) , the other Creditor Obligors party hereto and  ROS Acquisition Offshore LP , a Cayman Islands exempted limited partnership (in its capacity as Lender and Collateral Agent, the   Lender  ). 
 WHEREAS , the Borrower and the Lender are party to that certain Credit Agreement, dated as of March 12, 2014 (as amended from time to time, the    Credit Agreement   ), pursuant to which the Lender has extended credit to the Borrower on the terms set forth therein;   
 WHEREAS , the Borrower has requested that the Lender amend the Credit Agreement, as more fully described herein; and  
 WHEREAS,  the Lender is willing to agree to such amendment, but only upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth herein.  
 NOW, THEREFORE , in consideration of the mutual agreements herein contained, and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto agree as follows:  
 1.  Definitions; Loan Document .  Capitalized terms used herein without definition shall have the meanings assigned to such terms in the Credit Agreement.  This Amendment delivered in connection herewith shall constitute Loan Documents for all purposes of the Credit Agreement and the other Loan Documents.  Each reference to  hereof ,  hereunder ,  herein  and  hereby  and each other similar reference and each reference to  this Agreement  and each other similar reference contained in the Credit Agreement shall, after this Amendment becomes effective, refer to the Credit Agreement as amended hereby. 
         2.  Amendments       .   
 (a) Section 3.5 is hereby amended by replacing the date  February 16, 2016  in the last sentence thereof with the date  February 26, 2016 . 
 3.  Conditions to Effectiveness of Amendment .  This Amendment shall become effective upon receipt by: 
 (a) the Lender of a counterpart signature to this Amendment duly executed and delivered by the Borrower and each of the other Credit Obligors,  
 (b) the Credit Obligors of a counterpart signature to this Amendment duly executed and delivered by the Lender, and 

(c)   the Lender or its counsel of reimbursement for all fees and out-of-pocket expenses incurred by the Lender in connection with this Amendment and all other like expenses remaining unpaid as of the date hereof.   
 4.  Expenses .  The Borrower agrees to pay on demand all expenses of the Lender (including, without limitation, the fees and out-of-pocket expenses of Covington   Burling LLP, counsel to the Lender, and of local counsel, if any, who may be retained by or on behalf of the Lender) incurred in connection with the negotiation, preparation, execution and delivery of this Amendment and all other expenses of the Lender remaining unpaid as of the date hereof. 
 5.  Representations and Warranties .  The Credit Obligors represent and warrant to the Lender as follows: 
 (a) After giving effect to this Amendment, the representations and warranties of the Borrower and the Guarantors contained in the Credit Agreement or any other Loan Document (other than Section 6.14 of the Credit Agreement) shall except as disclosed in the disclosure letter dated the date hereof and delivered to the Lender on the date hereof, (i) with respect to representations and warranties that contain a materiality qualification, be true and correct in all respects on and as of the date hereof, and (ii) with respect to representations and warranties that do not contain a materiality qualification, be true and correct in all material respects on and as of the date hereof, and except that the representations and warranties limited by their terms to a specific date shall be true and correct as of such date. 
 (b) After giving effect to this Amendment, no Default or Event of Default has occurred or is continuing. 
 (c) (i) Each Credit Obligor has taken all necessary action to authorize the execution, delivery and performance of this Amendment; (ii) this Amendment has been duly executed and delivered by the Credit Obligors and constitutes each of the Credit Obligors  legal, valid and binding obligations, enforceable in accordance with its terms (except, in any case, as such enforceability may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or similar laws affecting creditors  rights generally and by principles of equity), and (iii) no authorization or other action by, and no notice to or filing with, any Governmental Authority or other Person is required for the due execution, delivery or performance by any Credit Obligor of this Amendment. 
 (d) At the date of this Amendment, none of the Collateral (as defined in the General Security Deed) is located, or taken for the purposes of any stamp duty law to be located, in New South Wales. 
   6.  No Implied Amendment or Waiver .  Except as expressly set forth in this Amendment, this Amendment shall not, by implication or otherwise, limit, impair, constitute a waiver of or otherwise affect any rights or remedies of the Lender under the Credit Agreement or the other Loan Documents, or alter, modify, amend or in any way affect any of the terms, obligations or covenants contained in the Credit Agreement or the other Loan Documents, all of which shall continue in full force and effect.  Nothing in this Amendment shall be construed to imply any willingness on the part of the Lender to agree to or grant any similar or future  

amendment, consent or waiver of any of the terms and conditions of the Credit Agreement or the other Loan Documents.  
 7.  Reaffirmation of Security Interests .  The Credit Obligors (i) affirm that each of the security interests and liens granted in or pursuant to the Loan Documents are valid and subsisting and (ii) agree that this Amendment shall in no manner impair or otherwise adversely affect any of the security interests and liens granted in or pursuant to the Loan Documents. 
 8.  Reaffirmation of Guarantee .  Each Guarantor (a) acknowledges and consents to all of the terms and conditions of this Amendment, (b) affirms all of its obligations under the Loan Documents and (c) agrees that this Amendment and all documents executed in connection herewith do not operate to reduce or discharge the Guarantor s obligations under the Loan Documents. 
 9.  Press Release .  No Credit Obligor shall, and each Credit Obligor shall instruct its Affiliates not to, issue a press release or other public announcement or otherwise make any public disclosure with respect to this Amendment or the subject matter hereof without the prior consent of the Lender (which consent shall not be unnecessarily withheld or delayed), except as may be required by applicable Law (in which case the Credit Obligor required to make the release or statement shall allow the Lender reasonable time to comment on such release or statement in advance of such issuance). 
 10.  Waiver and Release .  TO INDUCE THE LENDER TO AGREE TO THE TERMS OF THIS AMENDMENT, EACH  Credit Obligor  REPRESENTS AND WARRANTS THAT AS OF THE DATE HEREOF THERE ARE NO CLAIMS OR OFFSETS AGAINST OR RIGHTS OF RECOUPMENT WITH RESPECT TO OR DEFENSES OR COUNTERCLAIMS TO ITS OBLIGATIONS UNDER THE LOAN DOCUMENTS AND IN ACCORDANCE THEREWITH IT: 
 (a) WAIVES ANY AND ALL SUCH CLAIMS, OFFSETS, RIGHTS OF RECOUPMENT, DEFENSES OR COUNTERCLAIMS, WHETHER KNOWN OR UNKNOWN, ARISING PRIOR TO THE DATE HEREOF; AND 
 (b) RELEASES AND DISCHARGES THE LENDER, ITS AFFILIATES AND ITS AND THEIR OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, SHAREHOLDERS AND ATTORNEYS (COLLECTIVELY THE   RELEASED PARTIES  ) FROM ANY AND ALL OBLIGATIONS, INDEBTEDNESS, LIABILITIES, CLAIMS, RIGHTS, CAUSES OF ACTION OR DEMANDS WHATSOEVER, WHETHER KNOWN OR UNKNOWN, SUSPECTED OR UNSUSPECTED, IN LAW OR EQUITY, WHICH THE BORROWER EVER HAD, NOW HAS, CLAIMS TO HAVE OR MAY HAVE AGAINST ANY RELEASED PARTY ARISING PRIOR TO THE DATE HEREOF AND FROM OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE LOAN DOCUMENTS OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED THEREBY. 
   11.  Counterparts; Governing Law .    This Amendment may be executed in any number of counterparts and by different parties hereto on separate counterparts, each of such when so executed and delivered shall be an original, but all of such counterparts shall together  

constitute but one and the same agreement.    Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page of this Amendment by fax transmission or other electronic mail transmission (e.g.,  pdf  or  tif ) shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this Amendment.    THIS AMENDMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY  , AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE INTERNAL LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK (INCLUDING FOR SUCH PURPOSE SECTIONS 5-1401 AND 5-1402 OF THE GENERAL OBLIGATIONS LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK).  
 [Remainder of Page Intentionally Left Blank] 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF  , the parties hereto have caused this Amendment to be executed by their respective officers thereunto duly authorized as of the day and year first above written.  
 EXECUTED  as a deed by each Australian Subsidiary.   

Unilife Medical Solutions, Inc.  

Unilife Corporation  

By:  
 
 /s/ John Ryan  

By:  
 
 /s/ John Ryan  

Name:  John Ryan  

Name:  John Ryan  

Title:     Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary   

Title:    Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary  

Unilife Cross Farm LLC  

By:  
 
 /s/ John Ryan  

Name:  John Ryan  

Title:    Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary  

Executed  by  Unilife Medical Solutions Pty Limited  in accordance with Section 127 of the   Corporations Act 2001   

/s/ Alan Shortall  

/s/ Ramin Mojdeh  

Signature of director  

Signature of director /company secretary   

(please delete as applicable)  

Alan Shortall  

Ramin Mojdeh  

Name of director (print)  

Name of director /company secretary  (print)  

Executed  by  Unitract Syringe Pty Ltd  in accordance with Section 127 of the   Corporations Act 2001   

/s/ Alan Shortall  

/s/ Ramin Mojdeh  

Signature of director  

Signature of director /company secretary   

(please delete as applicable)  

Alan Shortall  

Ramin Mojdeh  

Name of director (print)  

Name of director /company secretary  (print)  

Signature Page to Seventh Amendment to Credit Agreement 

ROS ACQUISITION OFFSHORE LP, 
 as the Lender  

By OrbiMed Advisors LLC, its investment manager  

By:  
 
 /s/ Samuel D. Isaly  

Name:  Samuel D. Isaly  

Title:    Managing M  

Signature Page to Seventh Amendment to Credit Agreement  

</EX-10.9>

<EX-10.10>
 10
 unis-ex1010_814.htm
 EX-10.10

unis-ex1010_814.htm

Exhibit   10.10  
  Fifth AMENDMENT TO Royalty AGREEMENT   
 This  Fifth  AMENDMENT TO  Royalty  AGREEMENT (this   Amendment  ) is effective as of February  16,  2016 by and among  Unilife Medical Solutions, Inc. , a Delaware corporation  (   Unilife   )  and  Royalty  OPPORTUNITIES S.  R.L, a Luxembourg soci t    responsabilit  limit e (together with its Affiliates, successors, transferees and assignees,   ROS  ). 
 WHEREAS , Unilife and ROS are party to that certain Royalty Agreement, dated as of March 12, 2014 (as amended from time to time, the    Royalty Agreement   ), pursuant to which Unilife granted to ROS a royalty on the terms set forth therein;  
 WHEREAS , Unilife and ROS Acquisition Offshore LP, a Cayman Islands exempted limited partnership (the    Lender   ) are party to that certain Credit Agreement, dated as of March 12, 2014 (as amended from time to time, the    Credit Agreement   ), pursuant to which the Lender has extended credit to Unilife on the terms set forth therein; and  
 WHEREAS , Unilife and ROS have agreed to amend the Royalty Agreement, upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth herein.  
 NOW, THEREFORE , in consideration of the mutual agreements herein contained, and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto agree as follows:  
 1.  Definitions; Loan Document .  Capitalized terms used herein without definition shall have the meanings assigned to such terms in the Royalty Agreement and, to the extent not defined therein, in the Credit Agreement.  This Amendment shall constitute a Loan Document for all purposes of the Credit Agreement and the other Loan Documents.  Each reference to  hereof ,  hereunder ,  herein  and  hereby  and each other similar reference and each reference to  this Agreement  and each other similar reference contained in the Royalty Agreement shall, after this Amendment becomes effective, refer to the Royalty Agreement as amended hereby. 
   2.  Amendments .  Section 2.1(b) of the Royalty Agreement is hereby amended by replacing the date  February 16, 2016  in the last proviso of the first sentence thereof with the date  February 26, 2016 . 
   3.  Conditions to Effectiveness of Amendment .  This Amendment shall become effective upon receipt (i) by ROS of a counterpart signature to this Amendment duly executed and delivered by Unilife, and (ii) by ROS or its counsel of reimbursement for all fees and out-of-pocket expenses incurred by ROS in connection with this Amendment and all other like expenses remaining unpaid as of the date hereof.  
   4.  Expenses .  Unilife agrees to pay on demand all expenses of ROS (including, without limitation, the fees and out-of-pocket expenses of Covington   Burling LLP, counsel to ROS, and of local counsel, if any, who may be retained by or on behalf of ROS) incurred in  
 
  connection with the negotiation, preparation, execution and delivery of this Amendment and all other expenses of ROS remaining unpaid as of the date hereof.  
 5.  Representations and Warranties .  Unilife represents and warrants to ROS as follows: 
 (a) After giving effect to this Amendment, the representations and warranties of Unilife contained in the Royalty Agreement (other than Section 6.14 of the Credit Agreement) shall, except as disclosed in the disclosure letter dated the date hereof and delivered to the Lender on the date hereof (i) with respect to representations and warranties that contain a materiality qualification, be true and correct in all respects on and as of the date hereof, and (ii) with respect to representations and warranties that do not contain a materiality qualification, be true and correct in all material respects on and as of the date hereof, and except that the representations and warranties limited by their terms to a specific date shall be true and correct as of such date. 
 (b) After giving effect to this Amendment, no Royalty Event of Default has occurred or is continuing. 
 (c) (i) Unilife has taken all necessary action to authorize the execution, delivery and performance of this Amendment; (ii) this Amendment has been duly executed and delivered by Unilife and constitutes Unilife s legal, valid and binding obligation, enforceable in accordance with its terms (except, in any case, as such enforceability may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or similar laws affecting creditors  rights generally and by principles of equity), and (iii) no authorization or other action by, and no notice to or filing with, any Governmental Authority or other Person is required for the due execution, delivery or performance by Unilife of this Amendment. 
 6.  No Implied Amendment or Waiver .  Except as expressly set forth in this Amendment, this Amendment shall not, by implication or otherwise, limit, impair, constitute a waiver of or otherwise affect any rights or remedies of ROS under the Royalty Agreement or the other Loan Documents, or alter, modify, amend or in any way affect any of the terms, obligations or covenants contained in the Royalty Agreement or the other Loan Documents, all of which shall continue in full force and effect.  Nothing in this Amendment shall be construed to imply any willingness on the part of ROS to agree to or grant any similar or future amendment, consent or waiver of any of the terms and conditions of the Royalty Agreement or the other Loan Documents. 
 7.  Reaffirmation of Security Interests .  The Credit Obligors (i) affirm that each of the security interests and liens granted in or pursuant to the Loan Documents are valid and subsisting and (ii) agree that this Amendment shall in no manner impair or otherwise adversely affect any of the security interests and liens granted in or pursuant to the Loan Documents.  
   8.  Reaffirmation of Guarantee .  Each Guarantor (a) acknowledges and consents to all of the terms and conditions of this Amendment, (b) affirms all of its obligations under the Loan Documents and (c) agrees that this Amendment and all documents executed in connection  
 
  herewith do not operate to reduce or discharge the Guarantor s obligations under the Loan Documents.  
 9.  Waiver and Release .  TO INDUCE ROS TO AGREE TO THE TERMS OF THIS AMENDMENT,  Unilife  REPRESENTS AND WARRANTS THAT AS OF THE DATE HEREOF THERE ARE NO CLAIMS OR OFFSETS AGAINST OR RIGHTS OF RECOUPMENT WITH RESPECT TO OR DEFENSES OR COUNTERCLAIMS TO ITS OBLIGATIONS UNDER THE LOAN DOCUMENTS AND IN ACCORDANCE THEREWITH IT: 
 (a) WAIVES ANY AND ALL SUCH CLAIMS, OFFSETS, RIGHTS OF RECOUPMENT, DEFENSES OR COUNTERCLAIMS, WHETHER KNOWN OR UNKNOWN, ARISING PRIOR TO THE DATE HEREOF; AND 
 (b) RELEASES AND DISCHARGES ROS, ITS AFFILIATES AND ITS AND THEIR OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, SHAREHOLDERS AND ATTORNEYS (COLLECTIVELY THE   RELEASED PARTIES  ) FROM ANY AND ALL OBLIGATIONS, INDEBTEDNESS, LIABILITIES, CLAIMS, RIGHTS, CAUSES OF ACTION OR DEMANDS WHATSOEVER, WHETHER KNOWN OR UNKNOWN, SUSPECTED OR UNSUSPECTED, IN LAW OR EQUITY, WHICH  Unilife  EVER HAD, NOW HAS, CLAIMS TO HAVE OR MAY HAVE AGAINST ANY RELEASED PARTY ARISING PRIOR TO THE DATE HEREOF AND FROM OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE LOAN DOCUMENTS OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED THEREBY. 
 10.  Counterparts; Governing Law .    This Amendment may be executed in any number of counterparts and by different parties hereto on separate counterparts, each of such when so executed and delivered shall be an original, but all of such counterparts shall together constitute but one and the same agreement.  Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page of this Amendment by fax transmission or other electronic mail transmission (e.g.,  pdf  or  tif ) shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this Amendment.  THIS AMENDMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE INTERNAL LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK (INCLUDING FOR SUCH PURPOSE SECTIONS 5-1401 AND 5-1402 OF THE GENERAL OBLIGATIONS LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK). 
 [Remainder of Page Intentionally Left Blank] 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF  , the parties hereto have caused this Amendment to be executed by their respective officers thereunto duly authorized as of the day and year first above written.  

Unilife Medical Solutions, Inc.  

By:  
 
 /s/ John Ryan  

Name:  John Ryan  

Title:    Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary  

ROYALTY OPPORTUNITIES S.  R.L  

By OrbiMed Advisors LLC, its investment manager  

By:  
 
 /s/ Samuel D. Isaly  

Name:  Samuel D. Isaly  

Title:    Managing Member   

Signature Page to Fifth Amendment to Royalty Agreement 

Acknowledged and agreed:  
 EXECUTED as a deed by each Australian Subsidiary 

Unilife Cross Farm LLC  

Unilife Corporation  

By:    
 
 /s/ John Ryan  

By:  
 
 /s/ John Ryan  

Name:  John Ryan  

Name:  John Ryan  

Title:    Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary  

Title:    Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary  

Executed  by  Unilife Medical Solutions Pty Limited  in accordance with Section 127 of the   Corporations Act 2001   

/s/ Alan Shortall  

/s/ Ramin Mojdeh  

Signature of director  

Signature of director /company secretary   

(please delete as applicable)  

Alan Shortall  

Ramin Mojdeh  

Name of director (print)  

Name of director /company secretary  (print)  

Executed  by  Unitract Syringe Pty Ltd  in accordance with Section 127 of the   Corporations Act 2001   

/s/ Alan Shortall  

/s/ Ramin Mojdeh  

Signature of director  

Signature of director /company secretary   

(please delete as applicable)  

Alan Shortall  

Ramin Mojdeh  

Name of director (print)  

Name of director /company secretary  (print)  

Signature Page to Fifth Amendment to Royalty Agreement  

</EX-10.10>

<EX-10.11>
 11
 unis-ex1011_1372.htm
 EX-10.11

unis-ex1011_1372.htm

Exhibit   10.11  
 Certain portions of this Exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for confidentiality.  Such omitted portions, which are marked with brackets [] and an asterisk*, have been separately filed with the Commission. 
   
  EIGHTH AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT   
 This  EIGHTH  AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT (this   Amendment  ) is made and entered into as of February 22, 2016 by and among  Unilife Medical Solutions, Inc. , a Delaware corporation  (the    Borrower   ) , the other Creditor Obligors party hereto and  ROS Acquisition Offshore LP , a Cayman Islands exempted limited partnership (in its capacity as Lender and Collateral Agent, the   Lender  ). 
 WHEREAS , the Borrower and the Lender are party to that certain Credit Agreement, dated as of March 12, 2014 (as amended from time to time, the    Credit Agreement   ), pursuant to which the Lender has extended credit to the Borrower on the terms set forth therein;   
 WHEREAS , the Borrower is issuing to Lender a warrant to purchase shares of common stock from Holdings in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A (the    Warrant   ), concurrently with the execution and delivery of this Amendment;  
 WHEREAS , the Borrower has requested that the Lender amend the Credit Agreement, as more fully described herein; and  
 WHEREAS,  the Lender is willing to agree to such amendment, but only upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth herein.  
 NOW, THEREFORE , in consideration of the mutual agreements herein contained, and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto agree as follows:  
 1.   Definitions; Loan Document .  Capitalized terms used herein without definition shall have the meanings assigned to such terms in the Credit Agreement.  This Amendment and the Warrant (as defined above) delivered in connection herewith shall constitute Loan Documents for all purposes of the Credit Agreement and the other Loan Documents.  Each reference to  hereof ,  hereunder ,  herein  and  hereby  and each other similar reference and each reference to  this Agreement  and each other similar reference contained in the Credit Agreement shall, after this Amendment becomes effective, refer to the Credit Agreement as amended hereby. 

2.    Amendments        .    
 (a)  Section 1.1 of the Credit Agreement is hereby amended by adding the following definitions in alphabetical order: 
   Amgen Collateral   means the Intellectual Property, the Amgen Inventory, and the Company Books (as such terms are defined in the Amgen Security Agreement in effect as of the date hereof) of Unitract Syringe Pty Ltd and Borrower. 
   Amgen Convertible Notes   means the 6.0% Senior Secured Convertible Notes due 2023 issued by Holdings pursuant to the Amgen Securities Purchase Agreement in the principal amount of $30,000,000 on February 22, 2016, in a principal amount of $15,000,000 on January 1, 2017 and in a principal amount of $10,000,000 on January 1, 2018. 
   Amgen Development Supply Agreement   means that certain Development Supply Agreement, dated as of February 22, 2016, between the Borrower and Amgen Inc. 
   Amgen Licenses   means (a) that certain License Agreement, dated as of February 5, 2016, among the Borrower, Holdings and Amgen Inc., and (b) that certain Unilife Devices License Agreement, dated as of February 22, 2016, among the Borrower, Holdings and Amgen Inc. 
   Amgen Securities Purchase Agreement   means that certain Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of February 22, 2016, between Holdings, the Borrower and Amgen Inc. 
   Amgen Security Agreement   means that certain Security Agreement, dated as of February 22, 2016, between the Borrower, Unitract Syringe Pty Ltd and Amgen Inc. 
 (b)  Section 3.5 is hereby amended by adding the following sentence at the end of Section 3.5: 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, solely with respect to the period commencing on January 1, 2016 through February 22, 2018, interest that accrues on the Loans at the rate specified in Section 3.3 during such period shall be added to the outstanding principal amount of the Loan on the last day of each Interest Period (such interest, the   PIK Interest  ).  All references hereunder to the principal amount of the Loans shall include any PIK Interest so added to the principal. 
 (c)  Article VII is hereby amended by adding the following as new Section 7.16: 

SECTION 7.16    
 
    Management .  Prior to March 30, 2016, each of Holdings and its Subsidiaries shall have removed, or caused to resign, such of their     

executive officers from their employment (and roles, if any, on boards of directors) as have been notified in writing to Holdings by the Lender.     

 (d)  Section 8.2 is hereby amended by (i) deleting  and  at the end of Section 8.2(g), (ii) adding at the end of Section 8.2(h)  and , and (iii) adding the following as a new Section 8.2(i): 

(i)   
 
 the Amgen Convertible Notes;    

 (e)  Section 8.3 is hereby amended by (i) deleting  and  at the end of Section 8.3(k), (ii) replacing the period at the end of Section 8.3(l) with   and , and (iii) adding the following as a new Section 8.3(m): 

(m)   
 
 Liens in favor of Amgen Inc. in the Amgen Collateral pursuant to the Amgen Security Agreement to secure the Amgen Convertible Notes, so long as the outstanding principal of the Amgen Convertible Notes and accrued interest thereon have not been paid in full or converted into common stock of Holdings.    

 (f)  Section 8.4(a) is hereby deleted in its entirety and replaced with  [Reserved] . 
 (g)  Section 8.9(vi) is hereby amended and restated in its entirety as follows: 
 (vi) the Hikma LDSA and the definitive separate Supply Agreement and Quality Agreement (as referenced in the Hikma LDSA), the Sanofi Supply Agreement, the MedImmune Agreement, the Amgen Development Supply Agreement, the Amgen Licenses and any other Covered Agreement, in each case of this clause (vi), if any such amendment, supplement, waiver or other modification is adverse in any material respect to the interests of the Lender, 
 (h)  Section 8.9 is hereby amended by adding the following at the end thereof (before the period): 
 or (vii) any Amgen Convertible Note, the Amgen Securities Purchase Agreement or the Amgen Security Agreement. 
 (i)  Section 9.1(p) is hereby deleted in its entirety and replaced with  [Reserved] . 
 3.   Conditions to Effectiveness of Amendment .  This Amendment shall become effective upon receipt by: 
 (a)  the Lender of a counterpart signature to this Amendment duly executed and delivered by the Borrower and each of the other Credit Obligors,  
 (b)  the Credit Obligors of a counterpart signature to this Amendment duly executed and delivered by the Lender,  

(c)    the Lender or its counsel of reimbursement for all fees and out-of-pocket expenses incurred by the Lender in connection with this Amendment and all other like expenses remaining unpaid as of the date hereof,  
 (d)  the Lender of a Secretary s Certificate with respect to the Borrower and Holdings, in substantially the form delivered on the Closing Date, duly executed and delivered by the signatories thereto,  
 (e)  the Lender of an opinion of counsel to the Borrower and Holdings in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Lender,  
 (f)  the Lender of the Warrant duly executed and issued by Holdings, 
 (g)  the Lender of the payment of interest on the Loans deferred pursuant to prior amendments to the Credit Agreement,  
 (h)  the Borrower of $20,000,000 in cash as a license fee from Amgen Inc., and 
 (i)  the Borrower of $30,000,000 gross proceeds of convertible notes issued by Holdings to Amgen Inc.  
 4.   Expenses .  The Borrower agrees to pay on demand all expenses of the Lender (including, without limitation, the fees and out-of-pocket expenses of Covington   Burling LLP, counsel to the Lender, and of local counsel, if any, who may be retained by or on behalf of the Lender) incurred in connection with the negotiation, preparation, execution and delivery of this Amendment and all other expenses of the Lender remaining unpaid as of the date hereof. 
 5.   Representations and Warranties .  The Credit Obligors represent and warrant to the Lender as follows: 
 (a)  After giving effect to this Amendment, the representations and warranties of the Borrower and the Guarantors contained in the Credit Agreement or any other Loan Document shall, except as disclosed in the Disclosure Schedule dated the date hereof and delivered to Lender, (i) with respect to representations and warranties that contain a materiality qualification, be true and correct in all respects on and as of the date hereof, and (ii) with respect to representations and warranties that do not contain a materiality qualification, be true and correct in all material respects on and as of the date hereof, and except that the representations and warranties limited by their terms to a specific date shall be true and correct as of such date. 
 (b)  After giving effect to this Amendment, no Default or Event of Default has occurred or is continuing. 
   (c)  (i) Each Credit Obligor has taken all necessary action to authorize the execution, delivery and performance of this Amendment; (ii) this Amendment has been duly executed and delivered by the Credit Obligors and constitutes each of the Credit Obligors  legal, valid and binding obligations, enforceable in accordance with its terms (except, in any case, as  

such enforceability may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or similar laws affecting creditors  rights generally and by principles of equity), and (iii) no authorization or other action by, and no notice to or filing with, any Governmental Authority or other Person is required for the due execution, delivery or performance by any Credit Obligor of this Amendment.  
 (d)  At the date of this Amendment, none of the Collateral (as defined in the General Security Deed) is located, or taken for the purposes of any stamp duty law to be located, in New South Wales. 
 6.   No Implied Amendment or Waiver .  Except as expressly set forth in this Amendment, this Amendment shall not, by implication or otherwise, limit, impair, constitute a waiver of or otherwise affect any rights or remedies of the Lender under the Credit Agreement or the other Loan Documents, or alter, modify, amend or in any way affect any of the terms, obligations or covenants contained in the Credit Agreement or the other Loan Documents, all of which shall continue in full force and effect.  Nothing in this Amendment shall be construed to imply any willingness on the part of the Lender to agree to or grant any similar or future amendment, consent or waiver of any of the terms and conditions of the Credit Agreement or the other Loan Documents. 
 7.   Reaffirmation of Security Interests .  Subject to the Intercreditor Agreement, dated February 22, 2016, among Amgen Inc., Lender and ROS, the Credit Obligors (i) affirm that each of the security interests and liens granted in or pursuant to the Loan Documents are valid and subsisting and (ii) agree that this Amendment shall in no manner impair or otherwise adversely affect any of the security interests and liens granted in or pursuant to the Loan Documents. 
 8.   Reaffirmation of Guarantee .  Each Guarantor (a) acknowledges and consents to all of the terms and conditions of this Amendment, (b) affirms all of its obligations under the Loan Documents and (c) agrees that this Amendment and all documents executed in connection herewith do not operate to reduce or discharge the Guarantor s obligations under the Loan Documents. 
 9.   Press Release .  No Credit Obligor shall, and each Credit Obligor shall instruct its Affiliates not to, issue a press release or other public announcement or otherwise make any public disclosure with respect to this Amendment or the subject matter hereof without the prior consent of the Lender (which consent shall not be unnecessarily withheld or delayed), except as may be required by applicable Law (in which case the Credit Obligor required to make the release or statement shall allow the Lender reasonable time to comment on such release or statement in advance of such issuance). 
 10.   Waiver and Release .  TO INDUCE THE LENDER TO AGREE TO THE TERMS OF THIS AMENDMENT, EACH  Credit Obligor  REPRESENTS AND WARRANTS THAT AS OF THE DATE HEREOF THERE ARE NO CLAIMS OR OFFSETS AGAINST OR RIGHTS OF RECOUPMENT WITH RESPECT TO OR DEFENSES OR COUNTERCLAIMS TO ITS OBLIGATIONS UNDER THE LOAN DOCUMENTS AND IN ACCORDANCE THEREWITH IT: 

(a)    WAIVES   ANY AND ALL SUCH CLAIMS, OFFSETS, RIGHTS OF RECOUPMENT, DEFENSES OR COUNTERCLAIMS, WHETHER KNOWN OR UNKNOWN, ARISING PRIOR TO THE DATE HEREOF; AND  
 (b)  RELEASES AND DISCHARGES THE LENDER, ITS AFFILIATES AND ITS AND THEIR OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, SHAREHOLDERS AND ATTORNEYS (COLLECTIVELY THE   RELEASED PARTIES  ) FROM ANY AND ALL OBLIGATIONS, INDEBTEDNESS, LIABILITIES, CLAIMS, RIGHTS, CAUSES OF ACTION OR DEMANDS WHATSOEVER, WHETHER KNOWN OR UNKNOWN, SUSPECTED OR UNSUSPECTED, IN LAW OR EQUITY, WHICH THE BORROWER EVER HAD, NOW HAS, CLAIMS TO HAVE OR MAY HAVE AGAINST ANY RELEASED PARTY ARISING PRIOR TO THE DATE HEREOF AND FROM OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE LOAN DOCUMENTS OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED THEREBY. 
 11.   Counterparts; Governing Law .    This Amendment may be executed in any number of counterparts and by different parties hereto on separate counterparts, each of such when so executed and delivered shall be an original, but all of such counterparts shall together constitute but one and the same agreement.  Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page of this Amendment by fax transmission or other electronic mail transmission (e.g.,  pdf  or  tif ) shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this Amendment.  THIS AMENDMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE INTERNAL LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK (INCLUDING FOR SUCH PURPOSE SECTIONS 5-1401 AND 5-1402 OF THE GENERAL OBLIGATIONS LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK). 
 [Remainder of Page Intentionally Left Blank] 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF  , the parties hereto have caused this Amendment to be executed by their respective officers thereunto duly authorized as of the day and year first above written.  
 EXECUTED  as a deed by each Australian Subsidiary.   

Unilife Medical Solutions, Inc.  

Unilife Corporation  

By:  

/s/ John Ryan  

By:  

/s/ John Ryan  

Name:  John Ryan  

Name:  John Ryan  

Title:    Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary  

Title:    Senior Vice President, General  Counsel and Secretary   

Unilife Cross Farm LLC  

By:  

/s/ John Ryan  

Name:  John Ryan  

Title:    Senior Vice President, General  Counsel and Secretary   

Executed  by  Unilife Medical Solutions Pty Limited  in accordance with Section 127 of the   Corporations Act 2001  

/s/ Alan Shortall   

/s/ Ramin Mojdeh  

Signature of director 
   
 Alan Shortall  

Signature of director 
   
 Ramin Mojdeh  

Name of director (print)  

Name of director (print)  

Executed  by  Unitract Syringe Pty Ltd  in accordance with Section 127 of the   Corporations Act 2001   

/s/ Alan Shortall  

/s/ Ramin Mojdeh  

Signature of director 
   
 Alan Shortall  

Signature of director 
   
 Ramin Mojdeh  

Name of director (print)  

Name of director (print)  

Signature Page to Eighth Amendment to Credit Agreement 

ROS ACQUISITION OFFSHORE LP,    as the Lender  

By OrbiMed Advisors LLC, its investment manager  

By:  

/s/ Samuel D. Isaly  

Name:  Samuel D. Isaly  

Title:    Managing Member  

Signature Page to Eighth Amendment to Credit Agreement 

Exhibit A  
 Warrant 

EXHIBIT A   
  TO EIGHTH AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT   
 This Warrant was not issued pursuant to a disclosure document under Chapter 6D of the Australian Corporations Act 2001 (the  Corporations Act ) or a product disclosure statement under Chapter 7 of the Corporations Act.  This Warrant may not be offered for resale within Australia within 12 months of it having been issued unless any such resale offer is exempt from the requirement to issue a disclosure document under section 708 of the Corporations Act. 
   
 UNILIFE CORPORATION 
 WARRANT 
 dated as of February 22, 2016 
   
 THIS CERTIFIES THAT, for value received, Royalty Opportunities S.  r.l or its successors or permitted assigns (such Person and such successors and assigns each being the  Warrant Holder  with respect to the Warrant held by it), at any time and from time to time on any Business Day on or prior to 5:00 p.m. (New York City time), on the Expiration Date (as herein defined), is entitled (a) to subscribe for the purchase from Unilife Corporation, a Delaware corporation (the  Company ), 16,739,805 Shares (currently trading in the form of common stock on NASDAQ) at a price per Share equal to the Exercise Price (as herein defined), and (b) to the other rights set forth herein;  provided  that the number of Shares issuable upon any exercise of this Warrant and the Exercise Price shall be adjusted and readjusted from time to time in accordance with Section 5.  By accepting delivery hereof, the Warrant Holder agrees to be bound by the provisions hereof. 
 IN FURTHERANCE THEREOF, the Company irrevocably undertakes and agrees for the benefit of Warrant Holder as follows: 
 Section 1.   Definitions and Construction . 
 (a)   Certain Definitions .  As used herein (the following definitions being applicable in both singular and plural forms): 
   Affiliate   means, with respect to any Person, any other Person that directly or indirectly controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with such Person.  
   ASX   means ASX Limited or the Australian Securities Exchange operated by ASX Limited as the context requires. 
   ASX Listing Rules   means listing rules of the official list of the ASX, as amended or waived from time to time. 
   ASX Settlement Rules   means the ASX Settlement Operating Rules of ASX Settlement Pty Limited, as amended or waived from time to time. 
   Appraised Value    means at any time the  fair market value thereof determined in good faith by the Board of Directors of the Company as of a date which is within ten (10) days of the date as of which the determination is to be made.  
 1 

Business Day    means any day except a Saturday, Sunday or other day on which commercial banks in New York City or Sydney, Australia are authorized by law to close.  
   CDIs   means CHESS Depositary Interests over Shares which are traded on the ASX. 
   Corporations Act   means the Australian Corporations Act 2001 (Cth), as amended from time to time.  
   Closing Price   means, for any trading day with respect to a Share, (a) the last reported sale price on such day on the principal national securities exchange on which the Shares are listed or admitted to trading or, if no such reported sale takes place on any such day, the average of the closing bid and asked prices thereon, as reported in  The Wall Street Journal , or (b) if such Shares shall not be listed or admitted to trading on a national securities exchange, then the average of the closing bid and asked prices, as reported by  The Wall Street Journal  for the over-the-counter market;  provided  that if  clause (a) or (b)  applies and no price is reported in  The Wall Street Journal  for any trading day, then the price reported in  The Wall Street Journal  for the most recent prior trading day shall be deemed to be the price reported for such trading day. 
   Commission   means the Securities and Exchange Commission or any other Federal agency administering the Securities Act at the time. 
   Exchange Act   means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, or any successor Federal statute, and the rules and regulations of the Commission thereunder, all as the same shall be in effect at the time. 
   Exercise Amount   means for any number of Warrant Shares as to which this Warrant is being exercised the product of (i) such number of Warrant Shares  times  (ii) the Exercise Price. 
   Exercise Price   means $1.25 per Warrant Share, as adjusted from time to time pursuant to Section 5. 
   Expiration Date   means February 22, 2026. 
   Initial Holder   means  Royalty Opportunities S.  r.l.  
 " NASDAQ " means the NASDAQ Stock Market, Inc. 
   Person   means an individual, a corporation, a partnership, an association, a trust or any other entity or organization, including a government or political subdivision or an agency or instrumentality thereof. 
   Prospectus Supplement   means the prospectus supplement to the Base Prospectus relating to the registration for resale of the Warrant and Warrant Shares. 
   Public Reports   includes all reports filed by Company under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act, including pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) thereof, for the two full fiscal years preceding the date of this Warrant and thereafter. 
   Requisite Holders   means at any time holders of Warrants representing at least a majority of the Warrant Shares outstanding or issuable upon the exercise of all the outstanding Warrants. 
 2 

Registration Statement    means the Company s shelf registration statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-197122), including the prospectus therein (the    Base Prospectus   ), amendments and supplements thereto relating to the offer and sale of the Warrant and the Warrant Shares (including pre- and post-effective amendments), all exhibits thereto, and all material incorporated by reference or deemed to be incorporated by reference in such registration statement, and any information contained or incorporated by reference in a prospectus filed with the Commission in connection with the Registration Statement relating to the offer and sale of the Warrant and the Warrant Shares, to the extent such information is deemed under the Securities Act to be part of any such registration statement.  
   Securities Act   means the Securities Act of 1933, or any successor Federal statute, and the rules and regulations of the Commission thereunder, all as the same shall be in effect at the time. 
   Shares   means the Company's currently authorized common stock, $0.01 par value, and stock of any other class or other consideration into which such currently authorized capital stock may hereafter have been changed.  For the avoidance of doubt, references to the Shares do not apply to CDIs. 
   Warrant   means, as the context requires, this warrant and any successor warrant or warrants issued upon a whole or partial transfer or assignment of any such Share purchase warrant or of any such successor warrant. 
   Warrant Shares   means the number of Shares issued or issuable upon exercise of this Warrant as set forth in the introduction hereto, as adjusted from time to time pursuant to Section 5, or in the case of other Warrants, issuable upon exercise of those Warrants. 
 (b)   Accounting Terms and Determinations .  Unless otherwise specified herein, all accounting terms used herein shall be interpreted, all accounting determinations hereunder shall be made, and all financial statements required to be delivered hereunder shall be prepared, in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles.  When used herein, the term  financial statements  shall include the notes and schedules thereto.  References to fiscal periods are to fiscal periods of the Company. 
 (c)   Computation of Time Periods .  With respect to the computation of periods of time from a specified date to a later specified date, the word  from  means  from and including  and the words  to  and  until  each mean  to but excluding.   Periods of days shall be counted in calendar days unless otherwise stated. 
 (d)   Construction .  Unless the context requires otherwise, references to the plural include the singular and to the singular include the plural, references to any gender include any other gender, the part includes the whole, the term  including  is not limiting, and the term  or  has, except where otherwise indicated, the inclusive meaning represented by the phrase  and/or.   The words  hereof,   herein,   hereby,   hereunder,  and similar terms in this Warrant refer to this Warrant as a whole and not to any particular provision of this Warrant.  Section, subsection, clause, exhibit and schedule references are to this Warrant, unless otherwise specified.  Any reference to this Warrant includes any and all permitted alterations, amendments, changes, extensions, modifications, renewals, or supplements thereto or thereof, as applicable. 
 (e)   Exhibits and Schedules .  All of the exhibits and schedules attached hereto shall be deemed incorporated herein by reference. 
   (f)   No Presumption Against Any Party .  Neither this Warrant nor any uncertainty or ambiguity herein or therein shall be construed or resolved using any presumption against any party hereto or thereto, whether under any rule of construction or otherwise.  On the contrary, this Warrant has been  
 3 

reviewed by each of the parties and their counsel and, in the case of any ambiguity or uncertainty, shall be construed and interpreted according to the ordinary meaning of the words used so as to fairly accomplish the purposes and intentions of all parties hereto.  
 Section 2.   Exercise of Warrant . 
 (a)   Exercise and Payment .  The Warrant Holder may exercise this Warrant in whole or in part, at any time or from time to time on any Business Day on or prior to the Expiration Date, by delivering to the Company a duly executed notice (a   Notice of Exercise  ) in the form of  Exhibit A  and by payment to the Company of the Exercise Price per Warrant Share, at the election of the Warrant Holder, either (a) by wire transfer of immediately available funds to the account of the Company in an amount equal to the Exercise Amount, (b) by receiving from the Company the number of Warrant Shares equal to (i) the number of Warrant Shares as to which this Warrant is being exercised minus (ii) the number of Warrant Shares having a value, based on the Closing Price on the trading day immediately prior to the date of such exercise (or if there is no such Closing Price, then based on the Appraised Value as of such day), equal to the Exercise Amount, or (c) any combination of the foregoing.  For all purposes of this Warrant (other than this Section 2(a)), any reference herein to the exercise of this Warrant shall be deemed to include a reference to the exchange of this Warrant into Shares subject to and in accordance with the terms of clause (b).   
 (b)   Effectiveness and Delivery .  As soon as practicable but not later than five Business Days after the Company shall have received such Notice of Exercise and payment, the Company shall instruct its transfer agent or depository to enter in its book entry settlement system the names of the respective holders thereof for that number of Shares issuable upon such exercise. If the transfer agent or depository for the Company ceases to make its book-entry settlement system available for the Shares the Company shall instruct the transfer agent or depository to issue physical certificates for the Shares issuable upon such exercise.   
 To the extent that the Company is able to rely on the relief provided by section 708A(5) of the Corporations Act, the Company will procure that its share registrar issue a holding statement with respect to such Warrant Shares and will within five Business Days after the date of issue, provide the ASX a notice meeting the requirements of section 708A(6) of the Corporations Act. In the event that the Company is unable to rely on the relief provided by section 708A(5) of the Corporations Act, prior to the issue of the relevant Warrant Shares, it will as promptly as practicable and in any event within 10 Business Days after the date of the Notice of Exercise issue a compliance prospectus as is required under Part 6D.2 of the Corporations Act to enable the  on-sale  of the relevant Warrant Shares and shall as soon as practicable issue the relevant Warrant Shares specified in the Notice of Exercise and register such Warrant Shares in the name of the Warrant Holder as the holder of record and will procure that its share registrar issue a holding statement with respect to such Warrant Shares.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, the provisions of this paragraph shall not apply to the extent that the CDIs are no longer listed on the ASX.     
 For the purposes of this Section 2(b), the Company warrants that (a) the purpose of the issue and sale of the Warrants is not to facilitate the subsequent sale or transfer of the Warrants or Warrant Shares (or grant, issue or transfer any interest in or option over the Warrant Shares (including or CDIs over the Warrant Shares)) on ASX or in an off-market sale into Australia; and (b) the Warrant Holder warrants that it is not acquiring the Warrants or the Warrant Shares for the purpose of selling or transferring the Warrants or the Warrant Shares (or granting, issuing or transferring any interest in or option over the Warrants or Warrant Shares (including CDIs over Warrant Shares)) on ASX or in an off-market sale into Australia. 
 4 

(c)    Surrender of Warrant  .  The Warrant Holder shall surrender this Warrant to the Company when it delivers the Notice of Exercise, and in the event of a partial exercise of the Warrant, the Company shall execute and deliver to the Warrant Holder, at the time the Company delivers the Shares issued pursuant to such Notice of Exercise, a new Warrant for the unexercised portion of the Warrant, but in all other respects identical to this Warrant.  
 (d)   Compliance with Law .  The Company shall comply with its by-laws and the applicable rules of NASDAQ  such that all shares of Common Stock issued on the exercise of the Warrant are validly issued, fully paid, freely transferable and rank in all respects (including but not limited to rights relating to dividends)  pari passu  with the existing Common Stock at the date of issue.   
 (e)   Issuance .   No Warrant Shares shall be issued in the form of CDIs.   
 (f)   Fractional Shares .  The Company shall not be required to issue fractions of Shares upon an exercise of the Warrant.  If any fraction of a Share would, but for this restriction, be issuable upon an exercise of the Warrant, in lieu of delivering such fractional Share, the Company shall pay to the Warrant Holder, in cash, an amount equal to the same fraction times the Closing Price on the trading day immediately prior to the date of such exercise (or if there is no such Closing Price, then based on the Appraised Value as of such day). 
 (g)   Expenses and Taxes .  The Company shall pay all expenses, taxes and owner charges payable in connection with the preparation, issuance and delivery of the Warrant Shares and any new Warrants, except that if the Warrant Shares or the new Warrants are to be registered in a name or names other than the name of the Warrant Holder, funds sufficient to pay all transfer taxes payable as a result of such transfer shall be paid by the Warrant Holder at the time of its delivery of the Notice of Exercise or promptly upon receipt of a written request by the Company for payment. 
 (h)   Automatic Cashless Exercise .   To the extent that there has not been an exercise by the Warrant Holder pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof, any portion of the Warrant that remains unexercised shall be exercised automatically in whole (not in part), upon the Expiration Date.  Payment by the Warrant Holder upon such automatic exercise shall be in the form of the Warrant Holder receiving from the Company the number of Warrant Shares equal to (i) the number of Warrant Shares as to which this Warrant is being automatically exercised minus (ii) the number of Warrant Shares having a value, based on the Closing Price on the trading day immediately prior to the date of such automatic exercise (or if there is no such Closing Price, then based on the Appraised Value as of such day), equal to the Exercise Amount.  
 (i)   HSR Act .  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Warrant, in the event that any exercise of this Warrant is subject to the provisions of the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976, as amended (the   HSR Act  ), the exercise by the Warrant Holder of this Warrant, the satisfaction by the Warrant Holder of the payment obligations under this Warrant, and the issuance by the Company of the Warrant Shares shall be subject to the expiration or earlier termination of the waiting period under the HSR Act. 
 5 

Section 3.    Reserved.  
 Section 4.   Representations and Warranties.   The Company hereby represents, warrants and covenants to the Warrant Holder, as of the date of this Warrant: 
 (a) This Warrant has been duly authorized, is validly issued, and constitutes the valid and binding obligation of the Company.  
 (b) The Company is duly authorized and has reserved, and the Company hereby agrees that it will at all times until the Expiration Date have duly authorized and reserved, such number of Shares as will be sufficient to permit the exercise in full of the Warrant, and that all such Shares are and will be duly authorized and, when issued upon exercise of the Warrant, will be validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable, and free and clear of all security interests, claims, liens, equities and other encumbrances.  
 (c) The Registration Statement has become effective under the Securities Act. The Company has complied in all material respects with all requests of the Commission for additional or supplemental information, if any, relating to the Registration Statement. No stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement is in effect and no proceedings for such purpose have been instituted by the Commission or are pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, are contemplated or threatened by the Commission. At the time the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended June 30, 2015 was filed with the Commission, or, if later, at the time the Registration Statement was originally filed with the Commission, the Company met the then-applicable requirements for use of Form S-3 under the Securities Act.    
 (d) Except for the transactions contemplated by the Securities Purchase Agreement, dated February 22, 2016 by and between the Company and Amgen Inc. and as otherwise disclosed by the Company to the initial Warrant Holder prior to the date hereof, the capitalization of the Company is as described in the Public Reports. No person has any right of first refusal, preemptive right, right of participation, or any similar right which has not been waived or satisfied. There are no outstanding options, warrants, script rights to subscribe to, calls or commitments of any character whatsoever relating to, or securities, rights or obligations convertible into or exchangeable for, or giving any person any right to subscribe for or acquire, any Shares, or contracts, commitments, understandings or arrangements by which Company or any subsidiary is or may become bound to issue additional Shares or securities convertible into or exercisable for Shares. The issuance of the Warrant or Warrant Shares will not obligate the Company to issue Shares or other securities to any person, other than the Warrant Holder, and will not result in a right of any holder of Company s securities to adjust the exercise, conversion, exchange, or reset price under such securities. All of the outstanding shares of capital stock of Company are validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable, have been issued in material compliance with all federal and state securities laws, and none of such outstanding shares was issued in violation of any preemptive rights or similar rights to subscribe for or purchase securities. No further approval or authorization of any stockholder, the Board of Directors of Company or others is required for the issuance of the Warrant or Warrant Shares. Except as disclosed in the Public Reports, there are no stockholders agreements, voting agreements or other similar agreements with respect to Company s capital stock to which Company is a party or, to the knowledge of Company, between or among any of Company s stockholders.  
 (e) The Prospectus Supplement has been filed with the Commission in accordance with the requirements of Rule 424(b) under the Securities Act.  
   Section 5.   Antidilution Provisions .  The Warrant Holder is not entitled to participate in any new issue to existing shareholders of securities in the Company unless it has exercised this Warrant before the record date for determining entitlements to the new issue of securities and participate as a  
 6 

result of holding Warrant Shares. The Exercise Price in effect at any time, and the number of Warrant Shares that may be purchased upon any exercise of the Warrant, shall be subject to change or adjustment as follows:  
 (a)   Adjustments . 
 (i)   Bonus issues .  If the Company makes a bonus issue of Shares or other securities to existing shareholders (except an issue in lieu of dividends or by way of dividend reinvestment) and no Warrant Shares have been issued before the record date for determining entitlements to the issue, then the number of Warrant Shares over which the Warrant is exercisable is increased by the number of shares which the Warrant Holder would have received if the Warrant Holder had exercised the Warrant before the record date for determining entitlements to the issue. 
 (ii)   Pro rata issues .  If the Company makes a pro rata issue of Shares (except a bonus issue) to existing shareholders (except an issue in lieu or in satisfaction of dividends by way of dividend reinvestment) and no Warrant Shares have been issued in respect of the Warrant before the record date for determining entitlements to the issue, the Exercise Price of the Warrant is reduced in accordance with the ASX Listing Rules. 
 (iii)   Reorganization .  If there is a reorganization (including consolidation, sub-division, reduction or return) of the share capital of the Company, then the rights of the Warrant Holder (including the number of Warrant Shares to which the Warrant Holder is entitled to and the Exercise Price) are changed to the extent necessary to comply with the ASX Listing Rules applying to a reorganization of capital at the time of the reorganization. 
 (b)   Transactions .  In case at any time the Company shall initiate any transaction or be a party to any transaction with a Person (including, without limitation, a merger, consolidation, share exchange, sale, lease or other disposition of all or substantially all of the Company s assets, liquidation, recapitalization or reclassification of the Shares) in connection with which the Shares shall be changed into or exchanged for securities of another corporation or interests in a non-corporate entity or any combination of the foregoing (each such transaction being herein called a   Transaction  ), then as a condition of the consummation of the Transaction, lawful, enforceable and adequate provision shall be made so that the Warrant Holder shall be entitled receive a new warrant in form and substance similar to, and in exchange for, this Warrant to purchase all or a portion of such securities or other property (subject to adjustments from and after the consummation date of the Transaction as nearly equivalent as possible to the adjustments provided for in this Section 5).  In case at any time the Company shall initiate any transaction or be a party to any transaction with a Person (including, without limitation, a merger, consolidation, share exchange, sale, lease or other disposition of all or substantially all of the Company s assets, liquidation, recapitalization or reclassification of the Shares) in connection with which the Shares (or a portion thereof) shall be changed into or exchanged for cash or property other than   securities of another corporation or interests in a non-corporate entity (  Non-Securities Transaction   ) , then as a condition of the consummation of the Non-Securities Transaction, then  lawful, enforceable and adequate provision shall be made so that the Warrant Holder shall be entitled to receive the consideration that would have been payable had this Warrant been fully exercised immediately prior to the consummation of such Non-Securities Transaction (net of the aggregate Exercise Price of the balance of the Shares issuable upon exercise of the Warrant), and upon such provision this Warrant shall be canceled and of no further force or effect.  
   The Company will not effect any Transaction unless prior to consummation thereof each corporation or other entity (other than the Company) which may be required to deliver any new warrant or other securities as provided herein assumes, by written instrument delivered to the Warrant Holder, the  
 7 

obligation to deliver to such Warrant Holder such new warrant or other securities as in accordance with the foregoing provisions such Warrant Holder may be entitled to receive and such corporation or entity shall have similarly delivered to the Warrant Holder an opinion of counsel for such corporation or entity, reasonably satisfactory to the Warrant Holder, which opinion shall state that all of the terms of the new warrant or this Warrant shall be enforceable against the Company and such corporation or entity in accordance with the terms hereof and thereof, together with such other opinions customary for such transactions as the Warrant Holder may reasonably request.  The foregoing provisions of this Section 5(b) shall similarly apply to successive Transactions.  
 (c)   Special Distributions; Above Market Purchases of Securities .  If the Company shall issue or distribute to any existing shareholder or any cash dividend or other distribution (excluding any new issue to existing shareholders) (any such nonexcluded event being herein called a   Special Distribution  ), then the Warrant Holder shall be entitled to a pro-rata share of such Special Distribution as though the Warrant Holder had fully exercised this Warrant immediately prior to the record date for such Special Distribution, and the Company shall pay or distribute such pro-rata share to Warrant Holder when paid or distributed to the holders of the Shares. 
 (d)   Adjustment Rules . 
 (i) Any adjustments pursuant to this Section 5 shall be made successively whenever any event referred to herein shall occur.  
 (ii) If the Company shall take a record of the holders of its Shares for any purpose referred to in this Section 5, then, to the extent the CDIs remain listed on the ASX, subject to any requirement to the contrary under the ASX Listing Rules, (x) such record date shall be deemed to be the date of the issuance, sale, distribution or grant in question and (y) if the Company shall legally abandon such action prior to effecting such action, no adjustment shall be made pursuant to this Section 5 in respect of such action.  
 (iii) In computing adjustments under this Section 5, (A) fractional interests in Shares shall be taken into account to the nearest one-thousandth of a Share, and (B) calculations of the Exercise Price shall be carried to the nearest one-thousandth of one cent.  
 (e)   Proceedings Prior to Any Action Requiring Adjustment .  As a condition precedent to the taking of any action which would require an adjustment pursuant to this Section 5, the Company shall take any action which may be necessary, including obtaining regulatory approvals or exemptions, in order that the Company may thereafter validly and legally issue as fully paid and nonassessable all Shares which the Warrant Holder is entitled to receive upon exercise of the Warrant. 
 (f)   Notice of Adjustment .  Not less than 10 days prior to the record date or effective date, as the case may be, of any action which requires or might require an adjustment or readjustment pursuant to this Section 5, the Company shall give notice to the Warrant Holder of such event, describing such event in reasonable detail and specifying the record date or effective date, as the case may be, and, if determinable, the required adjustment and computation thereof.  If the required adjustment is not determinable as the time of such notice, the Company shall give notice to the Warrant Holder of such adjustment and computation as soon as reasonably practicable after such adjustment becomes determinable.  Any calculation or adjustments which are required to be made by this Section 5 shall be made by the Board of the Company, and shall in the absence of manifest error, be final and conclusive and binding on the Company and the Warrant Holder. 
 8 

(g)    Subsequent Warrants  .  Irrespective of any adjustments in the Exercise Price or the number of Warrant Shares issuable upon exercise of this Warrant, any successor or replacement warrants issued theretofore or thereafter may continue to express the same Exercise Price per Share and number and kind of Warrant Shares as are stated in this Warrant.  
 (h)   No Avoidance .  The Company shall not, by amendment of its certificate of incorporation or by-laws or through any consolidation, merger, reorganization, transfer of assets, dissolution, issue or sale of securities or any other voluntary action, avoid or seek to avoid the observance or performance of any of the terms of this Warrant, but will at all times in good faith assist in the carrying out of all such terms and in the taking of all such action as may be necessary or appropriate in order to protect the rights of the holder of this Warrant, to the extent of the rights expressly provided hereby, against dilution or other impairment as if the holder was a shareholder of the Company entitled to the benefit of fiduciary duties afforded to shareholders under Delaware law.  For the avoidance of doubt, the consolidation, merger, reorganization or transfer of assets solely in exchange for cash or other property that is not securities shall not be deemed to violate this Section 5(h), if the Company complies with Section 5 hereof in connection therewith. 
 (i)   Adjustment of Par Value .  If for any reason (including the operation of the adjustment provisions set forth in this Warrant), the Exercise Price on any date of exercise of this Warrant shall not be lawful and adequate consideration for the issuance of the relevant Warrant Shares, then the Company shall take such steps as are necessary (including the amendment of its certificate of incorporation so as to reduce the par value of the Shares) to cause such Exercise Price to be adequate and lawful consideration on the date the payment thereof is due, but if the Company shall fail to take such steps, then the Company acknowledges that the Warrant Holder shall have been damaged by the Company in an amount equal to an amount, which, when added to the total Exercise Price for the relevant Warrant Shares, would equal lawful and adequate consideration for the issuance of such Warrant Shares, and the Company and the Warrant Holder irrevocably agree that the Warrant Holder shall thereby forgive the right to recover such damages from the Company, and such forgiveness shall constitute, and Company shall accept such forgiveness as, additional lawful consideration for the issuance of the relevant Warrant Shares. 
 Section 6.   Registration Rights .  With respect to the Warrant Shares, the Warrant Holder shall be entitled to the benefit of such registration rights as the Company granted to Amgen Inc. as provided in the Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of February 22, 2016, by and between the Company and Amgen Inc. 
 Section 7.   Transfer of Warrant .  The Warrant Holder upon transfer of the Warrant must deliver to the Company a duly executed Warrant Assignment in the form of  Exhibit B  and, if so requested by the Company, evidence reasonably necessary to determine that such transfer complies with applicable law, and upon surrender of this Warrant to the Company and such evidence, the Company shall execute and deliver a new Warrant with appropriate changes to reflect such Assignment, in the name or names of the assignee or assignees specified in the Warrant Assignment or other instrument of assignment and, if the Warrant Holder s entire interest is not being transferred or assigned, in the name of the Warrant Holder, and upon the Company s execution and delivery of such new Warrant, this Warrant shall promptly be cancelled; and  provided  that any assignee shall have all of the rights of an Initial Holder hereunder.  The Company shall pay any transfer tax imposed in connection with such assignment (if any).  Any transfer or exchange of this Warrant shall be without charge to the Warrant Holder (except as provided above with respect to transfer taxes, if any) and any new Warrant issued shall be dated the date hereof.   
 9 

This Warrant shall not be offered for resale within Australian within 12 months of the date of its initial issuance, unless such resale offer is exempt from the requirement to issue a disclosure document under section 708 or 708A of the Corporations Act.  
 Section 8.   Reserved.  
 Section 9    Identity of Transfer Agent .  As of the date hereof, the Transfer Agent for the Common Stock is Computershare Trust Company, N.A..  Upon the appointment of any subsequent transfer agent for the Shares, the Company will mail to the Warrant Holder a statement setting forth the name and address of such transfer agent. 
 Section 10.   Covenants .  The Company agrees that: 
 (a)   Information .  So long  as this Warrant remains outstanding or any Initial Holder holds any Warrant Shares, the Company will deliver to the Warrant Holder (or Initial Holder): 
 (i) as soon as available and in any event within 120 days after the end of each fiscal year, an audited consolidated balance sheet of the Company and its consolidated subsidiaries as of the end of such fiscal year and the related consolidated statements of income, of cash flows, and of changes in shareholders  equity for such fiscal year, prepared in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States applied on a consistent basis, except as otherwise noted therein, and setting forth in each case in comparative form the figures for the previous fiscal year, all in reasonable detail and reported on without qualification by public accountants of nationally recognized standing;  
 (ii) as soon as available but not later than 45 days after the end of each month which is a fiscal quarter end, a consolidated balance sheet of the Company as of the end of such fiscal quarter, and the related consolidated statements of income, cash flows, and changes in shareholders  equity for such fiscal quarter and for the portion of the fiscal year ended at the end of such fiscal quarter, prepared in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States applied on a consistent basis, except as otherwise noted therein, and setting forth, in each case, in comparative form the figures for the corresponding month and the corresponding portion of the previous fiscal year, together with a comparison of results to the Company s projections for such fiscal year and a management report on and analysis of the Company s prospects and operations, all certified (subject to normal year  end audit adjustments) as to fairness of presentation and consistency by the chief financial officer, the treasurer, or the chief accounting officer of the Company; 
 (iii) promptly upon the filing thereof, copies of all registration statements (other than the exhibits thereto and any registration statements on Form S  8 or its equivalent) and to the extent the Company is required by law or pursuant to the terms of any outstanding indebtedness of the Company to prepare such reports, any annual reports, quarterly reports and other periodic reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act actually prepared by the Company as soon as available; and 
 (iv) promptly, upon the issuance thereof, all statements and notices sent to the  shareholders of the Company.  
  provided, however , that the requirements of Section 10(a) shall be satisfied to the extent that such reports, statement, communications, financial statements or other documents are available on the Electronic Data Gathering, Analysis and Retrieval System ( EDGAR ) of the Commission or its successor. 
 (b)   Reserved .   
 10 

(c)    Amendments of Organizational Documents  .  The Company shall not amend its Certificate of Incorporation, by-laws or other organizational documents in any way that would be more adverse to the rights or interests of the Warrant Holder than to the rights or interests of holders of Shares.  
 (d)   Securities Filings .  The Company will file any reports required to be filed by it under (1) the Corporations Act or the ASX Listing Rules, and (2) the Exchange Act or the rules and regulations adopted by the Commission thereunder with respect to the issue of the Warrants or Warrant Shares. 
 (e)   Obtaining of Governmental Approvals and Stock Exchange Listings .  The Company will, at its own expense, (i) obtain and keep effective any and all permits, consents and approvals of governmental agencies and authorities which may from time to time be required of the Company in order to satisfy its obligations hereunder, and (ii) take all action which may be necessary so that the Warrant Shares, immediately upon their issuance upon the exercise of the Warrants, will be listed on each securities exchange, if any, on which the Shares are then listed.  For the avoidance of doubt, the Shares are not listed on ASX. 
 (f)   Reserved . 
 (g)   Structural Dilution .  So long as this Warrant remains outstanding, the Company shall not permit any of its Subsidiaries to issue, sell, distribute or otherwise grant in any manner (including by assumption) any rights to subscribe for or to purchase, or any warrants or options for the purchase of any equity securities of such Subsidiary or any securities convertible into or exchangeable for such equity securities (or any rights to subscribe for or to purchase, or any warrants or options for the purchase of any such convertible or exchangeable securities), whether or not immediately exercisable or exercisable prior to the Expiration Date or thereafter. 
 (h)   Notices Of Corporate Action .  In the event of: 
 (i) any taking by the Company of a record of the holders of any class of securities for the purpose of determining the holders thereof who are entitled to receive any distribution, or any right to subscribe for, purchase or otherwise acquire any Shares or any other securities or property, or to receive any other right, or  
 (ii) any capital reorganization of the Company, any reclassification or recapitalization of the capital stock of the Company, any consolidation or merger involving the Company and any other Person or any transfer of all or substantially all the assets of the Company to any other Person, or any Corporate Reorganization, or  
 (iii) any voluntary or involuntary dissolution, liquidation or winding-up of the Company, the Company will mail to the Warrant Holder a notice specifying (i) the date or expected date on which any such record is to be taken for the purpose of such dividend, distribution or right, and the amount and character of such dividend, distribution or right, (ii) the date or expected date on which any such reorganization, reclassification, recapitalization, consolidation, merger, transfer, dissolution, liquidation or winding-up is to take place, (iii) the time, if any such time is to be fixed, as of which the holders of record of Shares shall be entitled to exchange their Shares for the securities or other property deliverable upon such reorganization, reclassification, recapitalization, consolidation, merger, transfer, dissolution, liquidation or winding-up and a description in reasonable detail of the transaction and (iv) the date of such issuance, together with a description of the security so issued and the consideration received by the Company therefor.  Such notice shall be mailed least thirty (30) days prior to the date therein specified.  
 11 

(i)    Registration Statement  .  The Company shall, at all times up to and including the Expiration Date, maintain an effective registration statement covering the issuance of the Warrant Shares to the Warrant Holder upon exercise of the Warrant.  
 Section 11.   Lost, Mutilated or Missing Warrants .  Upon receipt by the Company of evidence reasonably satisfactory to it of the loss, theft, destruction or mutilation of any Warrant, and, in the case of loss, theft or destruction, upon receipt of indemnification satisfactory to the Company (in the case of an Initial Holder its unsecured, unbonded agreement of indemnity or affidavit of loss shall be sufficient) or, in the case of mutilation, upon surrender and cancellation of the mutilated Warrant, the Company shall execute and deliver a new Warrant of like tenor and representing the right to purchase the same aggregate number of Warrant Shares. 
 Section 12.   Waivers; Amendments .  Any provision of this Warrant may be amended or waived with (but only with) the written consent of the Company and the Requisite Holders;  provided  that no such amendment or waiver shall, without the written consent of the Company and the Warrant Holder, (a) change the number of Warrant Shares issuable upon exercise of the Warrant or the Exercise Price, (b) shorten the Expiration Date, or (c) amend, modify or waive the provisions of this Section or the definition of  Requisite Holders.   provided ,  further , a Warrant Holder and the Company may amend or waive any rights and obligations as between each such party under this Warrant.  Any amendment or waiver effected in compliance with this Section shall be binding upon the Company and the Warrant Holder.  The Company shall give prompt notice to the Warrant Holder of any amendment or waiver effected in compliance with this Section.  No failure or delay of the Company or the Warrant Holder in exercising any power or right hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise of any such right or power, or any abandonment or discontinuance of steps to enforce such a right or power, preclude any other or further exercise thereon or the exercise of any other right or power.  No notice or demand on the Company in any case shall entitle the Company to any other or future notice or demand in similar or other circumstances.  The rights and remedies of the Company and the Warrant Holder hereunder are cumulative and not exclusive of any rights or remedies which it would otherwise have. 
 Section 13.   Miscellaneous . 
 (a)   Shareholder Rights .  The Warrant shall not entitle any Warrant Holder, prior to the exercise of the Warrant, to any voting rights as a shareholder of the Company. 
 (b)   Expenses .  The Company shall pay all reasonable expenses of the Warrant Holder, including reasonable fees and disbursements of counsel, in connection with the preparation of the Warrant, any waiver or consent hereunder or any amendment or modification hereof (regardless of whether the same becomes effective), or the enforcement of the provisions hereof;  provided  that the Company shall not be required to pay any expenses of the Warrant Holder arising solely in connection with a transfer of the Warrant.   
 (c)   Successors and Assigns .  All the provisions of this Warrant by or for the benefit of the Company or the Warrant Holder shall bind and inure to the benefit of their respective successors and assigns. 
   (d)   Severability .  In case any one or more of the provisions contained in this Warrant shall be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any respect, the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions contained herein shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby.  The parties shall endeavor in good faith negotiations to replace the invalid, illegal or unenforceable provisions with valid  
 12 

provisions the economic effect of which comes as close as possible to that of the invalid, illegal or unenforceable provisions.  
 (e)   Notices .  Any notice or other communication hereunder shall be in writing and shall be sufficient if sent by first-class mail or courier, postage prepaid, and addressed as follows:  (a) if to the Company, addressed to the Company at its address for notices as set forth below its signature hereon or any other address as the Company may hereafter notify to the Warrant Holder and(b) if to the Warrant Holder, addressed to such address as the Warrant Holder may hereafter from time to time notify to the Company for the purposes of notice hereunder. 
 (f)   Equitable Remedies .  Without limiting the rights of the Company and the Warrant Holder to pursue all other legal and equitable rights available to such party for the other parties  failure to perform its obligations hereunder, the Company and the Warrant Holder each hereto acknowledge and agree that the remedy at law for any failure to perform any obligations hereunder would be inadequate and that each shall be entitled to specific performance, injunctive relief or other equitable remedies in the event of any such failure. 
 (g)   Continued Effect .  Rights and benefits conferred on the holders of Warrant Shares pursuant to the provisions hereof (including  Section 6 ) shall continue to inure to the benefit of, and shall be enforceable by, such holders, notwithstanding the surrender of the Warrant to, and its cancellation by, the Company upon the full or partial exercise or repurchase hereof. 
 (h)   Confidentiality .  The Warrant Holder agrees to keep confidential any proprietary information relating to the Company delivered by the Company hereunder;  provided  that nothing herein shall prevent the Warrant Holder from disclosing such information:  (i) to any holder of Warrants or Warrant Shares, (ii) to any Affiliate of any holder of Warrants or Warrant Shares or any actual or potential transferee of the rights or obligations hereunder that agrees to be bound by this  Section 13(h) , (iii) upon order, subpoena, or other process of any court or administrative agency or otherwise required by law, (iv) upon the request or demand of any regulatory agency or authority having jurisdiction over such party, (v) which has been publicly disclosed, (vi) which has been obtained from any Person that is not a party hereto or an affiliate or employee of any such party, (vii) in connection with the exercise of any remedy, or the resolution of any dispute hereunder (viii) to the legal counsel or certified public accountants for any holder of Warrants or Warrant Shares, or (ix) as otherwise expressly contemplated by this Warrant. 
 (i)   Governing Law .  THIS WARRANT SHALL BE CONSTRUED AND ENFORCED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE INTERNAL LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK, EXCEPT AS OTHERWISE REQUIRED BY MANDATORY PROVISIONS OF LAW. 
 (j)   Section Headings .  The section headings used herein are for convenience of reference only and shall not be construed in any way to affect the interpretation of any provisions of the Warrant. 
   
 13 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this Warrant to be duly executed by its authorized signatory as of the day and year first above written.  

14 

Exhibit A to Warrant  
  Form of Notice of Exercise  
 ____________________,20___ 
 To:  [________________________] 
 Reference is made to the Warrant dated __________.  Terms defined therein are used herein as therein defined. 
 The undersigned, pursuant to the provisions set forth in the Warrant, hereby irrevocably elects and agrees to purchase _______ Shares, and makes payment herewith in full therefor at the Exercise Price of $_______________ in the following form:  _____________________________________________. 
 [If the number of Shares as to which the Warrant is being exercised is less than all of the Shares purchasable thereunder, the undersigned hereby requests that a new Warrant representing the remaining balance of the Shares be registered in the name of ______________, whose address is:  _______________________________.] 
 The undersigned hereby represents that it is exercising the Warrant for its own account or the account of an Affiliate for investment purposes and not with the view to any sale or distribution and that the Warrant Holder will not offer, sell or otherwise dispose of the Warrant or any underlying Warrant Shares in violation of applicable securities laws. 
 [NAME OF WARRANT HOLDER] 
   
 By  _________________________ Name:  Title:  
 [ADDRESS OF WARRANT HOLDER] 

Exhibit B to Warrant  
  Form of Warrant Assignment  
 Reference is made to the Warrant dated ____________, issued by [_______________________].  Terms defined therein are used herein as therein defined. 
 FOR VALUE RECEIVED ____________________ (the  Assignor ) hereby sells, assigns and transfers all of the rights of the Assignor as set forth in such Warrant, with respect to the number of Warrant Shares covered thereby as set forth below, to the Assignee(s) as set forth below: 
 Number of  Warrant Shares  

Name(s) of Assignee(s)   
 
  Address(es)   
 
  Number of Warrant Shares   

All notices to be given by the Company to the Assignor as Warrant Holder shall be sent to the Assignee(s) at the above listed address(es), and, if the number of Shares being hereby assigned is less than all of the Shares covered by the Warrant held by the Assignor, then also to the Assignor. 
 In accordance with Section 7 of the Warrant, the Assignor requests that the Company execute and deliver a new Warrant or Warrants in the name or names of the assignee or assignees, as is appropriate, or, if the number of Shares being hereby assigned is less than all of the Shares covered by the Warrant held by the Assignor, new Warrants in the name or names of the assignee or the assignees, as is appropriate, and in the name of the Assignor. 
 The undersigned represents that the Assignee has represented to the Assignor that the Assignee is acquiring the Warrant for its own account or the account of an Affiliate for investment purposes and not with the view to any sale or distribution, and that the Assignee will not offer, sell or otherwise dispose of the Warrant or the Warrant Shares except under circumstances as will not result in a violation of applicable securities laws. 
 Dated:  _________________, 20___ 
 [NAME OF ASSIGNOR] 
   
 By  _________________________ Name:  Title:  
 [ADDRESS OF ASSIGNOR] 

Disclosure Schedule February 22, 2016  
 Pursuant to the (i) Eighth Amendment to the Credit Agreement dated as of February 22, 2016 (the  Credit Amendment ), by and between Unilife Medical Solutions, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the  Company ) and ROS Acquisition Offshore LP (the  Lender  and (ii) Sixth Amendment to Royalty Agreement dated as of February 22, 2016 (the  Royalty Amendment  and together with the Credit Amendment, the  Amendments ), by and between the Company and Royalty Opportunities S.A R.L, ( ROS ), the Company hereby provides to the Lender and ROS these disclosures ( Disclosures ) to modify the representations and warranties made and referenced in the Amendments. 
   
 Inclusion of any item in these Disclosures (i) except to the extent expressly stated in these Disclosures, does not represent a determination by the Company that such item is  material,  nor shall it be deemed to establish a standard of materiality; (ii) does not represent a determination by the Company that such item did not arise in the ordinary course of business; and (iii) shall not constitute or be deemed to be an admission to any third party concerning any item set forth herein. Any disclosures made in this Disclosure Schedule with respect to a section of the Credit Agreement (as defined in the Credit Amendment), shall be deemed to qualify such section specifically referenced and any other section to the extent that it is reasonably apparent that such disclosure also pertains to such other section. 
   
 Except as otherwise limited herein, all information and disclosures made herein are made as of the date of the Amendments. Terms not otherwise defined herein will have the definitions set forth in the Credit Agreement. 

With respect to Section 6.6 of the Credit Agreement, please see the Company s most recent Form     10     Q     filed     with     the     Securities     and     Exchange     Commission     ( SEC )     on     February     10,     2016     and the Form 8     Ks filed since that     date.   

With respect to Section 6.14 of the Credit Agreement, please see the liquidity discussion in the Company s most recent Form 10     Q filed with the SEC on February 10,     2016.   

[]*   

An     updated     schedule     6.15(a)     of     the     Credit     Agreement     has     been     provided     separately     to     the Lender.   

With respect to Section 6.19 of the Credit Agreement, please see the Company s Form 8     K filed on October 7, 2015 describing a loan from the Company s     CEO.   

With respect to Section 6.7 of the Credit Agreement, please see the litigation and contingency disclosures in the Company s most recent Form 10     Q filed with the SEC on February 10,     2016.   

With respect to Section 6.9, mechanics liens have been filed on the Company s York, Pennsylvania premises by Company contractors and     subcontractors.   

Unilife received notice from an equipment provider dated October 9, 2015 that the Company is past     due     on     a     purchase     order     and     that     the     nonpayment     constitutes     a     default     under     the purchase order. The Company expects to use proceeds from the transactions contemplated by the Amendments to make payment on the purchase order.   

A supplier filed a complaint against the Company on December 18, 2015 for non     payment     of invoices.  The Company has since paid the amount     owed.   

The Company is late and in default under a purchase order with one of its suppliers. The Company     maintains     communications     with     the     supplier     and     no     further     action     has     been     taken     to date.   

With respect to Section 6.11, the Company adopted a severance pay plan governed by the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 that provides for the payment of welfare benefits to certain terminated     employees.   

In connection with the transactions contemplated by the Amendments, the Company and its Affiliates have granted a security interest in and a lien on the Amgen     Collateral.   

Notification and waiting requirements under the Hart     Scott     Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976, as amended, as     applicable.   

Administrative claim before the Pennsylvania Human Relations Commission filed on     September 29, 2015 by a former employee/machine     operator.   

The Company may not have provided copies of Material Agreements within the timeframe set forth in the Credit Agreement. Copies of Material Agreements have been noted and delivered separately to the     Lender.   

</EX-10.11>

<EX-10.12>
 12
 unis-ex1012_1370.htm
 EX-10.12

unis-ex1012_1370.htm

Exhibit   10.12  
 Certain portions of this Exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for confidentiality.  Such omitted portions, which are marked with brackets [] and an asterisk*, have been separately filed with the Commission. 
   
  Sixth AMENDMENT TO Royalty AGREEMENT   
 This  Sixth  AMENDMENT TO  Royalty  AGREEMENT (this   Amendment  ) is entered into as of February 22, 2016 by and among  Unilife Medical Solutions, Inc. , a Delaware corporation  (   Unilife   )  and  Royalty  OPPORTUNITIES S.  R.L, a Luxembourg soci t    responsabilit  limit e (together with its Affiliates, successors, transferees and assignees,   ROS  ). 
 WHEREAS , Unilife and ROS are party to that certain Royalty Agreement, dated as of March 12, 2014 (as amended from time to time, the    Royalty Agreement   ), pursuant to which Unilife granted to ROS a royalty on the terms set forth therein;  
 WHEREAS , Unilife and ROS Acquisition Offshore LP, a Cayman Islands exempted limited partnership (the    Lender   ) are party to that certain Credit Agreement, dated as of March 12, 2014 (as amended from time to time, the    Credit Agreement   ), pursuant to which the Lender has extended credit to Unilife on the terms set forth therein; and  
 WHEREAS , Unilife and ROS have agreed to amend the Royalty Agreement, upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth herein.  
 NOW, THEREFORE , in consideration of the mutual agreements herein contained, and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto agree as follows:  
 1.   Definitions; Loan Document .  Capitalized terms used herein without definition shall have the meanings assigned to such terms in the Royalty Agreement and, to the extent not defined therein, in the Credit Agreement.  This Amendment shall constitute a Loan Document for all purposes of the Credit Agreement and the other Loan Documents.  Each reference to  hereof ,  hereunder ,  herein  and  hereby  and each other similar reference and each reference to  this Agreement  and each other similar reference contained in the Royalty Agreement shall, after this Amendment becomes effective, refer to the Royalty Agreement as amended hereby. 
   2.   Amendments .  Section 2.1(b) is hereby amended by adding the following sentence at the end of Section 2.1(b): 
     Notwithstanding the foregoing, solely the portion of any Royalty Payment based on Net Sales that is comprised of (1) the $20,000,000 license fee payable by Amgen Inc. to the Borrower on the date hereof, and (2) the proceeds of the convertible notes issued by Holdings and the Borrower to Amgen Inc. pursuant to that certain Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of February 22, 2016, among the Borrower, Holdings and Amgen Inc. in an aggregate principal amount of  
 
  $55,000,000, shall be waived.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, solely the portion of any Royalty Payment based on Net Sales that is comprised of the following revenues (other than, for clarity, revenues described in clauses (1) and (2) above): (i) revenues received by the Borrower from Amgen Inc. on or after February 22, 2016, or (ii) revenues received by the Borrower in respect of any biologic or pharmaceutical product in which Amgen Inc. or any Affiliate thereof has an economic interest or which Amgen Inc. or any Affiliate now or hereafter is developing or commercializing (either alone or in collaboration with third parties) (each, an    Amgen Product   ), but for the avoidance of doubt, excluding any revenues received by the Borrower in respect of any agreement entered into by Borrower or any of its Affiliates prior to the date hereof or involving any biologic or pharmaceutical product that was not an Amgen Product at the time the Borrower or any of its Affiliates entered in to the applicable agreements with respect to such product, shall be due and payable within 30 days after the end of the Fiscal Quarter in which the first sale by the Borrower or any other Person of a commercial quantity of devices developed, manufactured or produced by the Borrower or any Affiliate thereof or otherwise using intellectual property licensed to Amgen Inc. or any of its Affiliates by the Borrower or any of its Affiliates occurs for use with an Amgen Product.   
 3.   Conditions to Effectiveness of Amendment .  This Amendment shall become effective upon receipt by:  
 (a)  ROS of a counterpart signature to this Amendment duly executed and delivered by Unilife,  
 (b)  ROS or its counsel of reimbursement for all fees and out-of-pocket expenses incurred by ROS in connection with this Amendment and all other like expenses remaining unpaid as of the date hereof,  
 (c)  ROS of the payment of the Royalty Payments deferred pursuant to prior amendments to the Royalty Agreement, 
 (d)  the Borrower of $20,000,000 in cash as a license fee from Amgen Inc., and 
 (e)  the Borrower of $30,000,000 gross proceeds of convertible notes issued by Holdings to Amgen Inc.  
 4.   Expenses .  Unilife agrees to pay on demand all expenses of ROS (including, without limitation, the fees and out-of-pocket expenses of Covington   Burling LLP, counsel to ROS, and of local counsel, if any, who may be retained by or on behalf of ROS) incurred in connection with the negotiation, preparation, execution and delivery of this Amendment and all other expenses of ROS remaining unpaid as of the date hereof. 
 5.   Representations and Warranties .  Unilife represents and warrants to ROS as follows: 
 
    (a)    After giving effect to this Amendment, the representations and warranties of Unilife contained in the Royalty Agreement, except as disclosed in the Disclosure Schedule dated the date hereof and delivered to ROS, (i) with respect to representations and warranties that contain a materiality qualification, be true and correct in all respects on and as of the date hereof, and (ii) with respect to representations and warranties that do not contain a materiality qualification, be true and correct in all material respects on and as of the date hereof, and except that the representations and warranties limited by their terms to a specific date shall be true and correct as of such date.  
 (b)  After giving effect to this Amendment, no Royalty Event of Default has occurred or is continuing. 
 (c)  (i) Unilife has taken all necessary action to authorize the execution, delivery and performance of this Amendment; (ii) this Amendment has been duly executed and delivered by Unilife and constitutes Unilife s legal, valid and binding obligation, enforceable in accordance with its terms (except, in any case, as such enforceability may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or similar laws affecting creditors  rights generally and by principles of equity), and (iii) no authorization or other action by, and no notice to or filing with, any Governmental Authority or other Person is required for the due execution, delivery or performance by Unilife of this Amendment. 
 6.   No Implied Amendment or Waiver .  Except as expressly set forth in this Amendment, this Amendment shall not, by implication or otherwise, limit, impair, constitute a waiver of or otherwise affect any rights or remedies of ROS under the Royalty Agreement or the other Loan Documents, or alter, modify, amend or in any way affect any of the terms, obligations or covenants contained in the Royalty Agreement or the other Loan Documents, all of which shall continue in full force and effect.  Nothing in this Amendment shall be construed to imply any willingness on the part of ROS to agree to or grant any similar or future amendment, consent or waiver of any of the terms and conditions of the Royalty Agreement or the other Loan Documents. 
 7.   Reaffirmation of Security Interests .  Subject to the Intercreditor Agreement, dated February 22, 2016, among Amgen Inc., Lender and ROS, the Credit Obligors (i) affirm that each of the security interests and liens granted in or pursuant to the Loan Documents are valid and subsisting and (ii) agree that this Amendment shall in no manner impair or otherwise adversely affect any of the security interests and liens granted in or pursuant to the Loan Documents.  
 8.   Reaffirmation of Guarantee .  Each Guarantor (a) acknowledges and consents to all of the terms and conditions of this Amendment, (b) affirms all of its obligations under the Loan Documents and (c) agrees that this Amendment and all documents executed in connection herewith do not operate to reduce or discharge the Guarantor s obligations under the Loan Documents. 
   9.   Waiver and Release .  TO INDUCE ROS TO AGREE TO THE TERMS OF THIS AMENDMENT,  Unilife  REPRESENTS AND WARRANTS THAT AS OF THE DATE HEREOF THERE ARE NO CLAIMS OR OFFSETS AGAINST OR RIGHTS OF  
 
  RECOUPMENT WITH RESPECT TO OR DEFENSES OR COUNTERCLAIMS TO ITS OBLIGATIONS UNDER THE LOAN DOCUMENTS AND IN ACCORDANCE THEREWITH IT:  
 (a)  WAIVES ANY AND ALL SUCH CLAIMS, OFFSETS, RIGHTS OF RECOUPMENT, DEFENSES OR COUNTERCLAIMS, WHETHER KNOWN OR UNKNOWN, ARISING PRIOR TO THE DATE HEREOF; AND 
 (b)  RELEASES AND DISCHARGES ROS, ITS AFFILIATES AND ITS AND THEIR OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, SHAREHOLDERS AND ATTORNEYS (COLLECTIVELY THE   RELEASED PARTIES  ) FROM ANY AND ALL OBLIGATIONS, INDEBTEDNESS, LIABILITIES, CLAIMS, RIGHTS, CAUSES OF ACTION OR DEMANDS WHATSOEVER, WHETHER KNOWN OR UNKNOWN, SUSPECTED OR UNSUSPECTED, IN LAW OR EQUITY, WHICH  Unilife  EVER HAD, NOW HAS, CLAIMS TO HAVE OR MAY HAVE AGAINST ANY RELEASED PARTY ARISING PRIOR TO THE DATE HEREOF AND FROM OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE LOAN DOCUMENTS OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED THEREBY. 
 10.   Counterparts; Governing Law .    This Amendment may be executed in any number of counterparts and by different parties hereto on separate counterparts, each of such when so executed and delivered shall be an original, but all of such counterparts shall together constitute but one and the same agreement.  Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page of this Amendment by fax transmission or other electronic mail transmission (e.g.,  pdf  or  tif ) shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this Amendment.  THIS AMENDMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE INTERNAL LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK (INCLUDING FOR SUCH PURPOSE SECTIONS 5-1401 AND 5-1402 OF THE GENERAL OBLIGATIONS LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK). 
 [Remainder of Page Intentionally Left Blank] 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF  , the parties hereto have caused this Amendment to be executed by their respective officers thereunto duly authorized as of the day and year first above written.  

Unilife Medical Solutions, Inc.  

By:  

/s/ John Ryan  

Name:  John Ryan  

Title:    Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary  

ROYALTY OPPORTUNITIES S.  R.L  By OrbiMed Advisors LLC, its investment manager   

By:  

/s/ Samuel D. Isaly  

Name:  Samuel D. Isaly  

Title:    Managing Member  

Acknowledged and agreed:  
 EXECUTED as a deed by each Australian Subsidiary 

Unilife Cross Farm LLC  

Unilife Corporation  

By  

/s/ John Ryan  

By:  

/s/ John Ryan  

Name:  John Ryan  

Name:  John Ryan  

Title:    Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary  

Title:    Senior Vice President, General  Counsel and Secretary   

Executed  by  Unilife Medical Solutions Pty Limited  in accordance with Section 127 of the   Corporations Act 2001  

/s/ Alan Shortall   

/s/ Ramin Mojdeh  

Signature of director 
   
 Alan Shortall  

Signature of director 
   
 Ramin Mojdeh  

Name of director (print)  

Name of director (print)  

Executed  by  Unitract Syringe Pty Ltd  in accordance with Section 127 of the   Corporations Act 2001  

/s/ Alan Shortall   

/s/ Ramin Mojdeh  

Signature of director 
   
 Alan Shortall  

Signature of director 
   
 Ramin Mojdeh  

Name of director (print)  

Name of director (print)  

Disclosure Schedule February 22, 2016  
 Pursuant to the (i) Eighth Amendment to the Credit Agreement dated as of February 22, 2016 (the  Credit Amendment ), by and between Unilife Medical Solutions, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the  Company ) and ROS Acquisition Offshore LP (the  Lender  and (ii) Sixth Amendment to Royalty Agreement dated as of February 22, 2016 (the  Royalty Amendment  and together with the Credit Amendment, the  Amendments ), by and between the Company and Royalty Opportunities S.A R.L, ( ROS ), the Company hereby provides to the Lender and ROS these disclosures ( Disclosures ) to modify the representations and warranties made and referenced in the Amendments. 
 Inclusion of any item in these Disclosures (i) except to the extent expressly stated in these Disclosures, does not represent a determination by the Company that such item is  material,  nor shall it be deemed to establish a standard of materiality; (ii) does not represent a determination by the Company that such item did not arise in the ordinary course of business; and (iii) shall not constitute or be deemed to be an admission to any third party concerning any item set forth herein. Any disclosures made in this Disclosure Schedule with respect to a section of the Credit Agreement (as defined in the Credit Amendment), shall be deemed to qualify such section specifically referenced and any other section to the extent that it is reasonably apparent that such disclosure also pertains to such other section. 
 Except as otherwise limited herein, all information and disclosures made herein are made as of the date of the Amendments. Terms not otherwise defined herein will have the definitions set forth in the Credit Agreement. 

With respect to Section 6.6 of the Credit Agreement, please see the Company s most recent Form     10     Q     filed     with     the     Securities     and     Exchange     Commission     ( SEC )     on     February     10,     2016     and the Form 8     Ks filed since that     date.     

With respect to Section 6.14 of the Credit Agreement, please see the liquidity discussion in the Company s most recent Form 10     Q filed with the SEC on February 10,     2016.     

[]*     

An     updated     schedule     6.15(a)     of     the     Credit     Agreement     has     been     provided     separately     to     the Lender.     

With respect to Section 6.19 of the Credit Agreement, please see the Company s Form 8     K filed on October 7, 2015 describing a loan from the Company s     CEO.     

With respect to Section 6.7 of the Credit Agreement, please see the litigation and contingency disclosures in the Company s most recent Form 10     Q filed with the SEC on February 10,     2016.     

With respect to Section 6.9, mechanics liens have been filed on the Company s York, Pennsylvania premises by Company contractors and     subcontractors.     

Unilife received notice from an equipment provider dated October 9, 2015 that the Company is past     due     on     a     purchase     order     and     that     the     nonpayment     constitutes     a     default     under     the purchase order. The Company expects to use proceeds from the transactions contemplated by the Amendments to make payment on the purchase order.     

A supplier filed a complaint against the Company on December 18, 2015 for non     payment     of invoices.  The Company has since paid the amount     owed.     

The Company is late and in default under a purchase order with one of its suppliers. The Company     maintains     communications     with     the     supplier     and     no     further     action     has     been     taken     to date.     

With respect to Section 6.11, the Company adopted a severance pay plan governed by the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 that provides for the payment of welfare benefits to certain terminated     employees.     

In connection with the transactions contemplated by the Amendments, the Company and its Affiliates have granted a security interest in and a lien on the Amgen     Collateral.     

Notification and waiting requirements under the Hart     Scott     Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976, as amended, as     applicable.     

Administrative claim before the Pennsylvania Human Relations Commission filed on     September 29, 2015 by a former employee/machine     operator.     

The Company may not have provided copies of Material Agreements within the timeframe set forth in the Credit Agreement. Copies of Material Agreements have been noted and delivered separately to the     Lender.     

</EX-10.12>

<EX-10.13>
 13
 unis-ex1013_1649.htm
 EX-10.13

unis-ex1013_1649.htm

Exhibit 10.13 
  Certain portions of this Exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for confidentiality.  Such omitted portions, which are marked with brackets [] and an asterisk*, have been separately filed with the Commission.  
   
 SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT 
 AMONG 
 UNILIFE CORPORATION, UNILIFE 
 MEDICAL SOLUTIONS, INC. AND 
 AMGEN INC. 
 DATED AS OF FEBRUARY 22, 2016 

TABLE OF CONTENTS  

i 

LIST OF EXHIBITS 

EXHIBIT A  
 
 Form of Senior Secured Convertible Note due 2023  

EXHIBIT B  
 
 Form of Security Agreement  

EXHIBIT C  
 
 OrbiMed Amendments  

ii 

SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT  
 This SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT (as amended from time to time, this   Agreement  ) is made and entered into as of February 22, 2016, among Unilife Corporation, a Delaware corporation (the   Company  ), Unilife Medical Solutions, Inc., a Delaware corporation (  Unilife Medical   and, together with the Company, the   Company Parties  ), and Amgen Inc., a Delaware corporation (the   Purchaser  ). Certain terms used and not otherwise defined in the text of this Agreement are defined in Section 9 hereof. 
 RECITALS 
 WHEREAS, the Company Parties and the Purchaser are executing and delivering this Agreement in reliance upon the exemption from securities registration afforded by Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the   Securities Act   
 WHEREAS, each of the Company Parties has authorized the issuance of Senior Secured Convertible Notes due 2023 (each, as amended from time to time, a   Note   and, collectively, as amended from time to time, the   Notes  ) in the aggregate principal amount of up to $55,000,000 (without regard to amounts potentially payable as PIK Interest (as defined below)), in the form attached hereto as  Exhibit A , which Notes shall be convertible into the Company s common stock, $0.01 par value per share (the   Common Stock  ), and, in accordance with the terms of the Notes, the interest on the Notes may be payable through the addition of the amount of such interest to the then outstanding principal (  PIK Interest   
 WHEREAS, the Company Parties desire to sell to the Purchaser, and the Purchaser desires to purchase from the Company Parties, the Notes, all in accordance with and subject to the terms and provisions of this Agreement; 
 WHEREAS, the Purchaser, the Company, and certain of the Company s affiliates (a) previously entered into the Initial License Agreement, and (b) as of the date hereof are entering into the License Agreement and a Development and Supply Agreement; and 
 WHEREAS, payments of principal and interest due under the terms of the Notes may be made by reductions in principal and/or interest in amounts equal to (i)[]* discounts to pricing on purchases by Amgen or its Affiliates of Company Party products purchased pursuant to the Initial License Agreement, the License Agreement, the Development and Supply Agreement (as defined in the License Agreement), or otherwise, (ii) credits taken by Amgen or its Affiliates against development and customization fees for devices, if applicable, pursuant to the Initial License Agreement, the License Agreement, the Development and Supply Agreement, or otherwise and (iii) credits against per-unit royalties otherwise payable to a Company Party pursuant to the Initial License Agreement, the License Agreement, the Development and Supply Agreement, or otherwise for the manufacture and sale of Company Party products. 

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing and the mutual representations, warranties and covenants herein contained, the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:  
 1.   Authorization of Securities . Each of the Company Parties has authorized the issuance and sale of the Notes, in the aggregate principal amount of up to $55,000,000, without regard to amounts potentially payable as PIK Interest. Each Note shall be in the form of  Exhibit A  attached hereto (except with respect to their respective face values (as set forth in Section 2)), shall be duly executed by the Company Parties and shall be dated as of the date of the applicable Closing (as defined in Section 3.1).  The Notes will be senior in right of payment to the extent provided in the Intercreditor Agreement and, pursuant to the Security Agreement in the form of  Exhibit B  hereto (as amended from time to time, the   Security Agreement  ), secured by the Collateral (as defined in the Security Agreement), which shall be duly executed by the Company Parties and the Purchaser as of the date hereof. The shares of Common Stock into which the Notes are convertible are sometimes referred to herein as the   Conversion Shares  , and the Notes and the Conversion Shares are sometimes referred to herein collectively as the   Securities  . 
 2.   Sale and Purchase of the Securities . 
 2.1.   2016 Convertible Note . Upon the terms and subject to the conditions herein contained, the Company Parties agree to sell to the Purchaser, and the Purchaser agrees to purchase from the Company Parties, at the Initial Closing (as defined in Section 3.1(a)), a Note (the   2016 Convertible Note  ) in the principal amount of $30,000,000 (the   2016 Convertible Note Purchase Price  ). 
 2.2.   2017 Convertible Note . Upon the terms and subject to the conditions herein contained (including the conditions in Section 7 of this Agreement), the Company Parties agree to sell to the Purchaser, and the Purchaser agrees to purchase from the Company Parties, at the Second Closing (as defined in Section 3.1(b)), a Note (the   2017 Convertible Note  ) in the principal amount of $15,000,000 (the   2017 Convertible Note Purchase Price  ). 
 2.3.   2018 Convertible Note . Upon the terms and subject to the conditions herein contained (including the conditions in Section 7 of this Agreement), the Company Parties agree to sell to the Purchaser, and the Purchaser agrees to purchase from the Company Parties, at the Third Closing (as defined in Section 3.1(c)), a Note (the   2018 Convertible Note  ) in the principal amount of $10,000,000 (the   2018 Convertible Note Purchase Price  , and each of the 2016 Convertible Note Purchase Price, the 2017 Convertible Note Purchase Price and the 2018 Convertible Note Purchase Price, a   Note Purchase Price  ). 
 3.   Closing; Payment of Purchase Price . 
 3.1.   Closings . 
 (a) The initial closing (the    Initial Closing  ), with respect to the transaction contemplated in Section 2.1 hereof, shall take place on the date hereof remotely via the exchange of documents and signatures (the   Initial Closing Date  ). 
 2 

(b)  The second closing (the    Second Closing   ), with respect to the transaction contemplated in Section 2.2 hereof, shall take place at the offices of the Purchaser in Thousand Oaks, California on the second (2nd) Business Day following January 1, 2017, or at such other time and place as the Company and Purchaser may agree, including remotely via the exchange of documents and signatures (the    Second Closing Date   ).  
 (c) The third closing (the    Third Closing  ), with respect to the transaction contemplated in Section 2.3 hereof, shall take place at the offices of the Purchaser in Thousand Oaks, California on the second (2nd) Business Day following January 1, 2018, or at such other time and place as the Company and Purchaser may agree, including remotely via the exchange of documents and signatures (the   Third Closing Date   and each of the Initial Closing Date, the Second Closing Date and the Third Closing Date, a   Closing Date  ). 
 (d) The term    Closing   shall refer to each of the Initial Closing, the Second Closing and the Third Closing (as defined in this Section 3.1), and collectively they are referred to as the   Closings  . At each Closing, the Company Parties shall issue to the Purchaser a Note representing the principal amount which the Purchaser is purchasing at such Closing, in the name of the Purchaser, against delivery to the Company by the Purchaser of a wire transfer in the amount of the Note Purchase Price therefor. 
 3.2.   Subsequent Closings . At each of the Second Closing and the Third Closing, the Company shall provide a certification that the conditions set forth in Section 7.1(b) and Section 7.1(c), respectively, have been satisfied on the applicable Closing Date with respect to the Notes to be purchased in such Closing. 
 4.   Representations and Warranties of the Purchaser .  Except as otherwise set forth in the Disclosure Schedules, the Purchaser represents and warrants to the Company Parties: 
 4.1.   Organization . The Purchaser represents that the Purchaser is duly formed, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of Delaware and has all corporate power and authority to enter into the Transaction Documents and instruments referred to herein to which it is a party and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby. 
 4.2.   Validity . The execution, delivery and performance of the Transaction Documents and instruments referred to herein, in each case to which the Purchaser is a party, and the consummation by the Purchaser of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby, have been duly authorized by all necessary action on the part of the Purchaser. This Agreement has been duly executed and delivered by the Purchaser, and the other Transaction Documents and instruments referred to herein to which it is a party will be duly executed and delivered by the Purchaser, and each such agreement and instrument constitutes or will constitute a valid and binding obligation of the Purchaser, enforceable against it in accordance with its terms, except as limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium, fraudulent conveyance, and any other laws of general application affecting enforcement of creditors  rights  
 3 

generally, and as limited by laws relating to the availability of specific performance, injunctive relief, or other equitable remedies.  
 4.3.   Brokers . There is no broker, investment banker, financial advisor, finder or other Person which has been retained by or is authorized to act on behalf of the Purchaser who might be entitled to any fee or commission for which the Company Parties will be liable in connection with the execution of this Agreement and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby. 
 4.4.   Investment Representations and Warranties . The Purchaser understands and agrees that the offering and sale of the Securities has not been registered under the Securities Act or any applicable state securities laws and is being made in reliance upon federal and state exemptions for transactions not involving a public offering which depend upon, among other things, the bona fide nature of the investment intent and the accuracy of the Purchaser s representations as expressed herein. 
 4.5.   Acquisition for Own Account . The Purchaser is acquiring the Securities for its own account for investment and not with a view toward distribution in a manner which would violate the Securities Act or any applicable state securities laws. 
 4.6.   Accredited Investor . The Purchaser is an  accredited investor  as that term is defined in Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act. 
 4.7.   Restricted Securities . 
 (a) The Purchaser understands that the Securities will be characterized as  restricted securities  under the federal securities laws inasmuch as they are being acquired from the Company Parties in a private placement under Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act and that under such laws and applicable regulations such Securities may be resold without registration under the Securities Act only in certain limited circumstances.  
 (b) The Purchaser acknowledges that the Securities must be held indefinitely unless subsequently registered under the Securities Act and under applicable state securities laws or an exemption from such registration is available. The Purchaser understands that the Company Parties are under no obligation to register the Securities, except as provided in this Agreement.  
 (c) The Purchaser is aware of the provisions of Rule 144 under the Securities Act which permit limited resale of securities purchased in a private placement.  
 (d) The Purchaser is aware that the certificates evidencing any Securities may bear substantially the following legend:  
  NEITHER THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE NOR THE SECURITIES INTO WHICH SUCH SECURITIES ARE CONVERTIBLE HAVE BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. THE SECURITIES MAY  
 4 

NOT BE OFFERED FOR SALE, SOLD, TRANSFERRED OR ASSIGNED (I) IN THE ABSENCE OF AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT FOR THE SECURITIES UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR (II) UNLESS SOLD PURSUANT TO RULE 144 UNDER SAID ACT.   
 4.8.   Communication of Offer .  The offer to sell the Securities was directly communicated to the Purchaser by the Company Parties. At no time was the Purchaser presented with or solicited by any leaflet, advertisement, article, notice or other communication published in any newspaper, magazine, or similar media or broadcast over television or radio, or any other form of general advertising, or solicited or invited to attend a promotional meeting or any seminar or meeting by any general solicitation or general advertising. 
 5.   Representations and Warranties by the Company . The Company represents and warrants to the Purchaser with respect to the Company and its Subsidiaries (and, solely for purposes of this Section 5 (other than with respect to Sections 5.1(a), 5.2  and 5.16),  for other representations and warranties of the Company herein and for Sections 7.1(a)(i) and 7.1(b)(i), the   Company   shall mean the Company, together with its Subsidiaries), except as otherwise disclosed in the Disclosure Schedules or as disclosed or incorporated by reference in the Company s most recently filed Annual Report on Form 10-K for the most recently completed fiscal year or its other reports and forms filed with or furnished to the SEC under Sections 12, 13, 14 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act after the last day of the Company s most recently completed fiscal year (other than any forward looking disclosures set forth in any risk factor section or forward looking statement disclaimer and any other disclosure that is similarly nonspecific and predictive or forward looking in nature) and as of the Initial Closing, the Second Closing and the Third Closing, as the case may be (all such reports covered by this clause collectively, the   SEC Reports  ): 
 5.1.   Capitalization . 
 (a) The authorized capital stock of the Company consists of 350,000,000 shares of Common Stock, par value $0.01 per share, and 50,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value $0.01 per share (   Preferred Stock  ). As of the date of the applicable Closing, without giving effect to such Closing or any subsequent Closing, the issued and outstanding capital stock of the Company, the capital stock reserved for future issuance, and the outstanding equity incentives under the equity compensation plans of the Company or otherwise is as set forth in the SEC Reports. The Company has no other shares of capital stock authorized, issued or outstanding. 
 (b) Except as set forth in Section 5.1(b) of the Disclosure Schedules, other than the Notes, the OrbiMed Warrant, or as set forth herein or therein, (i) there are no outstanding options, warrants, scrip, rights to subscribe to, calls or commitments of any character whatsoever relating to, or securities or rights convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, any shares of capital stock of the Company, or arrangements by which the Company is or may become bound to issue additional shares of capital stock, nor are any such issuances or arrangements contemplated other than pursuant to the Company s incentive plan described in the SEC Reports; (ii) there are no agreements or   
 5 

arrangements under which the Company is or may become obligated to register the sale of any of its securities under the Securities Act; (iii) the Company has no obligation (contingent or otherwise) to purchase, redeem or otherwise acquire any of its equity securities or any interests therein or to pay any dividend or make any distribution in respect thereof; and (iv) the Company has not reserved any shares of capital stock for issuance pursuant to any stock option plan or similar arrangement.  
 5.2.   Due Issuance and Authorization of Capital Stock . All of the outstanding shares of capital stock of the Company have been validly issued and are fully paid and non- assessable. The issuance of the Conversion Shares to the Purchaser pursuant to the terms hereof upon conversion of the Notes will vest in the holders thereof legal and valid title to such Conversion Shares, free and clear of any Lien. 
 5.3.   Organization . The Company (a) is duly incorporated or otherwise organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its formation, (b) is duly qualified to do business as a foreign entity and is in good standing in each jurisdiction where the nature of the property owned or leased by it or the nature of the business conducted by it makes such qualification necessary, except where the failure to be so qualified would not have a Material Adverse Effect, and (c) has all requisite corporate power and authority to own, pledge, mortgage or otherwise encumber and operate its properties or lease and operate its assets and carry on its business as presently being conducted. 
 5.4.   Consents . Except as set forth on Section 5.4 of the Disclosure Schedules, either the execution, delivery or performance of the Transaction Documents, the Initial License Agreement, the License Agreement or the OrbiMed Amendments by the Company, nor the consummation by it of the obligations and transactions contemplated hereby and thereby (including, without limitation, the issuance, the reservation for issuance and the delivery of the Securities) requires any consent of, authorization by, exemption from, filing with or notice to any Governmental Entity or any other Person (including any Trading Market), other than filings required with applicable Governmental Entities to perfect the security interests created by the Security Agreement and filings required with the Trading Market and ASX in order to obtain approval of listing of the Conversion Shares and CDIs over the Conversion Shares as applicable. 
 5.5.   Authorization; Enforcement . The Company has all requisite corporate power and has taken all necessary corporate action required for the due authorization, execution, delivery and performance by the Company of the Transaction Documents, the Initial License Agreement, the License Agreement and the OrbiMed Amendments and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby (including, without limitation, the issuance of the Securities and the provision to the Purchaser of the rights contemplated by such documents) and no action on the part of the stockholders of the Company is required. The execution, delivery and performance by the Company of each of the Transaction Documents, the Initial License Agreement, the License Agreement and the OrbiMed Amendments and the consummation by the Company of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby, have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate action on the part of the Company. The Transaction Documents, the Initial License Agreement, the License Agreement and the OrbiMed Amendments have been duly executed and delivered by the Company, and each such documents constitute legal, valid and binding obligations of the Company enforceable against it in accordance with their terms, except  
 6 

to the extent that enforceability may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium, fraudulent conveyance, and any other laws of general application affecting enforcement of creditors  rights generally, and as limited by laws relating to the availability of specific performance, injunctive relief, or other equitable remedies.  
 5.6.   Valid Issuance of Securities . The Notes, when issued, sold and delivered in accordance with the terms and for the consideration set forth in this Agreement, at each Closing, will be duly authorized and a sufficient number of authorized but unissued shares of Common Stock (which may be unissued or issued but held by the Company as treasury shares) will have been, and upon such conversion in accordance with the terms of this Agreement and the Notes, the Conversion Shares will be, duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and non- assessable, and free from all taxes and Liens, and will not be subject to preemptive rights or other similar rights of stockholders of the Company. 
 5.7.   No Conflicts . Except as set forth on Section 5.7 of the Disclosure Schedules, the execution, delivery and performance of each of the Transaction Documents, the Initial License Agreement, the License Agreement and the OrbiMed Amendments and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby (including, without limitation, the issuance and reservation for issuance, as applicable, of the Securities) will not (a) result in a violation of the certificate of incorporation, as amended, or the by-laws of the Company (the   Charter Documents  ), (b) conflict with or result in the breach of the terms, conditions or provisions of or constitute a default (or an event which with notice or lapse of time or both would become a default) under, or give rise to any right of termination, acceleration or cancellation under, any material agreement, lease, mortgage, license, indenture, instrument or other contract to which the Company is a party, (c) result in a violation of any law, rule, regulation, order, judgment or decree (including, without limitation, U.S. federal and state securities laws and regulations) applicable to the Company or by which any property or asset of the Company is bound or affected, (d) result in a material violation of any rule or regulation of FINRA or its Trading Markets, or (e) result in the creation of any Lien upon any of the Company s assets (other than those in favor of the Purchaser). The Company is not in violation of its Charter Documents, and the Company is not in default (and no event has occurred which, with notice or lapse of time or both, would cause the Company to be in default) under, nor has there occurred any event giving others (with notice or lapse of time or both) any rights of termination, amendment, acceleration or cancellation of, any material agreement, indenture or instrument to which the Company is a party.  In all material respects, the business of the Company is not being conducted in violation of any law, ordinance or regulation of any Governmental Entity. 
 5.8.   Right of First Refusal; Stockholders Agreement; Voting Rights . Except as set forth in Section 8, no party has any right of first refusal, right of first offer, right of co-sale, preemptive right or other similar right or any registration right regarding the securities of the Company. There are no provisions of the Charter Documents, and no material contracts, other than the Transaction Documents, which (a) may affect or restrict the voting rights of the Purchaser with respect to the Securities in its capacity as a stockholder of the Company, (b) restrict the ability of the Purchaser, or any successor thereto or assignee or transferee thereof, to transfer the Securities, (c) would adversely affect the Company s or the Purchaser s right or ability to consummate the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents, the Initial  
 7 

License Agreement, the License Agreement or the OrbiMed Amendments and the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby, or (d) require the vote of more than a majority of the Company s issued and outstanding Common Stock, voting together as a single class, to take or prevent any corporate action, other than those matters requiring a different vote under Delaware law.  
 5.9.   No Integrated Offering . Neither the Company, nor any of its Affiliates or any other Person acting on the Company s behalf, has directly or indirectly engaged in any form of general solicitation or general advertising with respect to the Securities, nor have any of such Persons made any offers or sales of any security of the Company or its Affiliates or solicited any offers to buy any security of the Company or its Affiliates under circumstances that would require registration of the Securities under the Securities Act or any other securities laws or cause this offering of Securities to be integrated with any prior offering of securities of the Company for purposes of the Securities Act or any applicable stockholder approval provisions of any Trading Market on which any securities of the Company are listed or designated. 
 5.10.   Financial Statements . The financial statements of the Company included in the Required Filings comply in all material respects with applicable accounting requirements and the rules and regulations of the Commission with respect thereto as in effect at the time of filing. Such financial statements have been prepared in accordance with GAAP, except as may be otherwise specified in such financial statements or the notes thereto and except that unaudited financial statements may not contain all footnotes required by GAAP, and fairly present in all material respects the financial position of the Company as of and for the dates thereof and the results of operations and cash flows for the periods then ended, subject, in the case of unaudited statements, to normal, immaterial, year-end audit adjustments. 
 5.11.   No Undisclosed Material Liabilities . There are no liabilities of the Company of any kind whatsoever, whether interest-bearing indebtedness, or liabilities accrued, contingent, absolute, determined, determinable or otherwise, other than liabilities: 
 (a) reflected in the financial statements (including the footnotes thereto) included in the SEC Reports;  
 (b) created under, or incurred in connection with, the Transaction Documents or arising in the ordinary course of the Company s business; or  
 (c) that have not had and would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.  
 5.12.   Absence of Litigation . Except as set forth in Section 5.12 of the Disclosure Schedules, there is no claim, action, suit, arbitration, investigation or other proceeding pending against, or to the knowledge of the Company, threatened against or affecting, the Company or any of its properties or, to the knowledge of the Company, any of its respective officers or directors before any Governmental Entity, including any of the forgoing which questions the validity of any Transaction Document, the Initial License Agreement, the License Agreement or any OrbiMed Amendments or the right of the Company to enter into any Transaction Document or any OrbiMed Amendments, or to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby. 
 8 

5.13.    Absence of Changes  . Since the date of the latest financial statements included in the SEC Reports or as contemplated by, or in connection with the Transaction Documents, there has not been:  
 (a) except as previously disclosed in writing to Purchaser, any declaration, setting aside or payment of any dividend or other distribution with respect to any shares of capital stock of the Company or any repurchase, redemption or other acquisition by the Company of any outstanding shares of its capital stock;  
 (b) any amendment of any term of any outstanding security of the Company;  
 (c) any material tax election or tax accounting method made or changed, any audit settled or any amended tax returns filed;  
 (d) any damage, destruction or loss (whether or not covered by insurance) materially and adversely affecting the Company s properties or assets when taken as a whole;  
 (e) any sale, assignment or transfer, or any agreement to sell, assign or transfer, any material asset, liability, property, obligation or right of the Company to any Person;  
 (f) any obligation or liability incurred or any loans or advances made by the Company to any other Person, other than in the ordinary course of business of the Company;  
 (g) any purchase or acquisition of, or agreement, plan or arrangement to purchase or acquire, any material property, rights or assets;  
 (h) any waiver of any rights or claims of the Company, except for such waivers which would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect;  
 (i) any material change or amendment to a contract filed as an exhibit to a SEC Report;  
 (j) any transaction with any Affiliate of the Company;  
 (k) any written agreement or binding commitment by the Company to do any of the foregoing; or  
 (l) any other change, development, occurrence or event that has had or would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.  
 5.14.   Investment Company . The Company is not, and is not an Affiliate of, and immediately after receipt of payment for the Securities, will not be or be an Affiliate of, an  investment company  within the meaning of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended. 
 9 

5.15.    Compliance with Laws  . The Company has been and is in material compliance with the terms of, all franchises, permits, licenses and other rights and privileges necessary to conduct the Company s present and proposed business and is in compliance with and has not violated, in any material respect, (i) any judgments, orders, decrees, injunctions or writs applicable to the Company, or (ii) any applicable provisions of any laws, statutes, ordinances, rules or regulations applicable to the conduct of the Company s business, including the ownership, testing, development, manufacture, packaging, processing, use, distribution, marketing, labeling, promotion, sale, offer for sale, storage, import, export or disposal of any drug or drug candidate under development, manufactured or distributed by the Company.  
 5.16.   Securities and Exchange Act Requirements . The Company is required to file periodic and other reports with the Commission pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Securities Act. Except as set forth in Section 5.16 of the Disclosure Schedules, the Company has filed all reports, schedules, forms, statements and other documents required to be filed by the Company under the Securities Act and the Exchange Act, including pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) thereof, since July 1, 2014, the foregoing materials, including the exhibits thereto and documents incorporated by reference therein, being collectively referred to herein as the   Required Filings  ) on a timely basis or has received a valid extension of such time of filing and has filed any such Required Filings prior to the expiration of any such extension. As of their respective dates, the Required Filings complied as to form in all material respects with the requirements of the Securities Act and the Exchange Act, as applicable, and none of the Required Filings, when filed, contained any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. All agreements to which the Company is a party or to which the property or assets of the Company are subject, which are required to be described in or filed as exhibits to any Required Filings, have been so described or filed. 
 5.17.   Accountants . KPMG LLP (  KPMG  ), who expressed their opinion with respect to the financial statements included in the SEC Reports, are independent accountants as required by the Securities Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. There are no disagreements of any kind presently existing, or reasonably anticipated by the Company to arise, between the Company and KPMG and, upon completion of each Closing, the Company will be current with respect to any fees then due and payable to KPMG. 
 5.18.   Intellectual Property . Except as set forth in Section 5.18 of the Disclosure Schedules, the Company owns all right, title and interest in, free and clear of all Liens (other than Permitted Liens), or has a valid and enforceable right to use, all of the Intellectual Property Rights necessary or currently used for the conduct of the Company s business (collectively, the   Company Intellectual Property Rights  ). No claims have been threatened or asserted challenging (a) the Company s inventorship, ownership or right to use any Company Intellectual Property Rights or (b) the validity or enforceability of any Company Intellectual Property Rights. To the Company s knowledge, the Company Intellectual Property Rights are valid, subsisting and enforceable and the Company has complied with its duty to disclose material information to the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office and the corresponding offices of other jurisdictions and countries. The Company has used commercially reasonable efforts to prosecute, file and maintain the Company Intellectual Property Rights and applicable payments and actions have  
 10 

been taken to maintain the Company Intellectual Property Rights in full force and effect. The Company has not granted any right, license or interest in or to the Company Intellectual Property Rights that is in conflict with the rights or licenses granted to Purchaser under the License Agreement. The Company has not knowingly interfered with, infringed upon, diluted, misappropriated, or violated any Intellectual Property Rights of any Person.  The Company has not received any charge, complaint, claim, demand, or notice alleging interference, infringement, dilution, misappropriation, or violation of the Intellectual Property Rights of any Person (including any invitation to license or request or demand to refrain from using any Intellectual Property Rights of any Person in connection with the conduct of the Company s business or the use of the Company Intellectual Property Rights). To the Company s knowledge, no Person has infringed, misappropriated, or otherwise violated, and no person or entity is currently infringing, misappropriating or otherwise violating, any of the Company Intellectual Property Rights. The Company is in compliance with all licenses and other agreements granting the Company any right to any Company Intellectual Property Right owned by third parties (   Inbound IP Contracts   ) or pursuant to which the Company has granted a third party any license or other rights with respect to any Company Intellectual Property (   Outbound IP Contracts  ,  and together with the Inbound IP Contracts, the    IP Contracts   ). Each IP Contract is in full force and effect and is the legal, valid and binding obligation of the Company. The Company is in compliance in all material respects with each IP Contract and no claims have been threatened or asserted alleging that either the Company or any contracting party has materially breached, violated or defaulted under any IP Contract. The Company has not withheld any material information in its possession relating to the Company Intellectual Property Rights, and the information related to the Company Intellectual Property Rights that Company has provided is up-to-date and accurate in all material respects. The Company has the right to sell, license or otherwise transfer the Company Intellectual Property Rights, and has obtained the assignment of or the obligation of assignment of all interests and all rights to the Company Intellectual Property Rights from any and all third parties (including employees). To the Company s knowledge, it will not be necessary to use any Intellectual Property Rights owned by any of its employees or consultants (or Persons it currently intends to hire) made prior to their employment by the Company.  Each current and former employee and current and former consultant has assigned or is obligated to assign to the Company all Intellectual Property Rights he or she owns that are related to the Company s business as now conducted and as presently proposed to be conducted. The Company has taken reasonable steps and has implemented and enforced reasonable practices (including, entering into written confidentiality and nondisclosure agreements with officers, directors, subcontractors, employees, licensors, licensees, suppliers, distributors, agents and customers) to maintain and protect the confidentiality of all trade secrets, proprietary information, confidential information and sensitive data that is owned, controlled or otherwise held by the Company, including entering into binding written confidentiality and nondisclosure agreements with all such persons.  
 5.19.   Insurance .  The Company is not in default under any insurance policy for failure to timely pay amounts due thereunder or in respect thereof or any other default that allows the applicable insurer to terminate such policy or deny any claims, in each case, to the extent relating to any Collateral. 
 5.20.   Solvency . The fair salable value of the Company s assets (including goodwill minus disposition costs) exceeds the fair value of its liabilities. The Company is not left  
 11 

with unreasonably small capital after the transactions in this Agreement. As a result of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, the Company is able to pay its debts (including trade debts) as they mature.  
 5.21.   Security Interest . Except as otherwise contemplated hereby or under any other Transaction Document, the provisions of the Collateral Documents, together with such filings and other actions required to be taken hereby or by the applicable Collateral Documents, are effective to create in favor of the Purchaser, except as otherwise provided hereunder, including subject to Permitted Liens , a legal, valid, enforceable and perfected first priority Lien on all right, title and interest of the Company in the Collateral described therein. 
 5.22.   Disclosure . The Company understands and confirms that the Purchaser will rely on the foregoing representations in effecting transactions in securities of the Company. No representation or warranty by the Company contained in this Agreement contains any untrue statement of a material fact or omits to state any material fact necessary in order to make the statements made therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. The Company acknowledges and agrees that the Purchaser does not make and has not made any representations or warranties with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby other than those specifically set forth in Section 4 hereof. 
 6.   Covenants . 
 6.1.   Commercially Reasonable Efforts . Each party shall use its commercially reasonable efforts timely to satisfy each of the conditions to be satisfied by it as provided in Section 7 of this Agreement. 
 6.2.   Blue Sky .  Each of the Company Parties shall, on or before each Closing Date, take such action as the Company Parties shall reasonably determine is necessary in order to obtain an exemption for or to qualify the Securities for sale to the Purchaser at the Closing pursuant to this Agreement under applicable securities or  blue sky  laws of the states of the United States (or to obtain an exemption from such qualification), and shall provide evidence of any such action so taken to the Purchaser on or prior to the Closing Date.  Each of the Company Parties shall make all filings and reports relating to the offer and sale of the Securities, and the resale of the Securities, as may be required under applicable securities or  blue sky  laws of the states of the United States following the Closing Date. 
 6.3.   Reporting Status . Until the date on which the Purchaser shall have sold all the Conversion Shares and none of the Notes are outstanding (the   Reporting Period  ), the Company shall (i) timely file all reports required to be filed with the Commission pursuant to the Exchange Act or the rules and regulations thereunder and (ii) not take any action or file any document (whether or not permitted by the Securities Act or the rules promulgated thereunder) to terminate or suspend the Company s reporting and filing obligations under the Exchange Act or Securities Act, (iii) shall take all actions necessary to maintain its eligibility to register the Conversion Shares for resale by the Purchaser on Form S-3, and (iv) use its commercially reasonable efforts to take all action as may be required as a condition to the availability of Rule 144 under the Securities Act with respect to its Common Stock. 
 12 

6.4.    Use of Proceeds  . The Company Parties will use the proceeds from the sale of the Securities solely for operational purposes and not for the repayment of any outstanding indebtedness of the Company Parties arising under the OrbiMed Credit Agreement or the OrbiMed Royalty Agreement.  
 6.5.   Information . As long as any Notes are outstanding or the Purchaser shall own any Conversion Shares, the Company Parties agree to (i) make available for inspection by the Purchaser such information as the Purchaser may reasonably request (including, without limitation, redacted copies of agreements to which any Company Party is a party, provided such Company Party is not required to maintain the confidentiality of any such agreement notwithstanding the redaction of confidential information therein); and (ii) at the Company Parties  sole cost (provided the Company Parties shall not be required to pay such costs for more than one such visit per calendar year unless an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, in which event the costs of any and all such visits during such period shall be borne by the Company Parties), during normal business hours, from time to time upon one (1) Business Day s prior notice as frequently as Purchaser reasonably determines to be appropriate: (A) provide the Purchaser and any of its officers, employees and agents access to the properties, facilities, advisors and employees (including officers) of the Company Parties and to the Collateral, (B) permit the Purchaser, and any of its officers, employees and agents, to inspect, audit and make extracts from the books and records of the Company Parties, and (C) permit the Purchaser, and its officers, employees and agents, to inspect, audit, review, evaluate and make test verifications and counts of the Amgen Inventory and other Collateral of the Company Parties;  provided,   however,  that any information provided by the Company Parties pursuant to clauses (i) and (ii) above shall be subject to confidentiality obligations consistent with those in effect between the parties hereto as of the date hereof. If an Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, the Company Parties shall provide such access to the Purchaser at all times and without advance notice. The Company Parties shall make available to the Purchaser and its counsel, as quickly as is practicable under the circumstances, originals or copies of all books and records which the Purchaser may reasonably request (or may request at any time after the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default). The Company Parties at Purchaser s cost shall deliver any document or instrument necessary for the Purchaser, as it may from time to time request, to obtain records from any service bureau or other Person which maintains records for the Company Parties. When exercising any access rights set forth herein, the Purchaser agrees to use good faith efforts to minimize any disruption of business operations at any lab or other location subject to such access. Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing in this Section 6.5 shall require the Company Parties to provide any information (i) in respect of which disclosure to the Purchaser (or their respective representatives or contractors) is prohibited by applicable law or (ii) is subject to attorney-client or similar privilege or constitutes attorney work-product (unless, with respect to this clause (ii), disclosure can be made to the Purchaser in a manner that preserves such privilege or protection). 
 6.6.   Listing . The Company shall as promptly as practicable secure the listing of all of the Conversion Shares upon each U.S. national securities exchange and automated quotation system, if any, upon which the Common Stock is then listed (subject to official notice of issuance) and shall maintain such listing for so long as the Purchaser shall own Securities. The Company shall pay all fees and expenses in connection with satisfying its obligations under this Section 6.6. 
 13 

6.7.    Fees and Expenses.   Whether or not the Closing Dates occur, the Company Parties shall pay, reimburse and hold the Purchaser harmless from liability for the payment of out-of-pocket fees and expenses incurred by the Purchaser, subject to the Reimbursement Limitation set forth in, and in accordance with, Section 10.5 hereof.  
 6.8.   Disclosure of Transactions and Other Material Information . Neither the Company Parties nor the Purchaser shall issue any press releases or any other public statements (including to or with the SEC or any Trading Market) with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby or containing the name of the other party, without the prior written consent of the other party, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld. 
 6.9.   Reservation of Shares . The Company shall take all action necessary to, at all times from the Initial Closing Date, have authorized and reserved for the purpose of issuance upon conversion of the Notes, no less than the number of shares of Common Stock issuable (i) upon conversion of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes then outstanding, and (ii) upon conversion of accrued and unpaid PIK Interest potentially issuable under the Notes through the Maturity Date (as defined in the Notes). 
 6.10.   Conduct of Business.  The business of the Company Parties shall not be conducted in violation of any law, ordinance or regulation of any governmental entity, except where such violations would not result, either individually or in the aggregate, in a Material Adverse Effect. 
 6.11.   Maintenance of Existence.  Each of the Company Parties shall, except as could not reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect and other than in the ordinary course of its business or as contemplated by the Transaction Documents (including, without limitation, acts taken to achieve the Strategic Business Plan), at all times maintain, preserve and protect all of its assets and properties used or useful in the conduct of its business, and keep the same in good repair, working order and condition in all material respects (ordinary wear and tear and damage by casualty excepted) and from time to time make, or cause to be made, all necessary or appropriate repairs, replacements and improvements thereto consistent with industry practices. 
 6.12.   Further Assurances . Each of the Company Parties and the Purchaser agrees that it shall, at its sole expense and upon the reasonable request of the other, duly execute and deliver to the other such further agreements, instruments and documents and do and cause to be done such further acts as may be necessary or proper in the reasonable opinion of the other to carry out more effectually the provisions and purposes of this Agreement or any other Transaction Document. 
 6.13.   Company Parties . For the avoidance of doubt, unless otherwise expressly set forth herein, the Company Parties shall be jointly and severally responsible for the obligations of the Company Parties set forth in this Agreement. 
 7.   Conditions of the Purchaser s Obligations . 
 7.1.   Conditions of the Purchasers  Obligations at the Closings . The obligations of the Purchaser under Section 2 hereof are subject to the fulfillment, prior to each Closing, of all  
 14 

of the following applicable conditions, any of which may be waived in whole or in part by the Purchaser in its absolute discretion.  
 (a)   The Initial Closing . In addition to the conditions set forth in Section 7.1(c), the Purchaser s purchase of the 2016 Convertible Note at the Initial Closing shall be subject to the Company Parties  performance and compliance with the following: 

(i)   
 
 the representations and warranties of the Company contained in the Transaction Documents shall be true and correct as of the date hereof (except to the extent expressly made as of an earlier date, in which case as of such earlier date); and    

(ii)   
 
 the Purchaser shall have received on or before the Initial Closing Date the Transaction Documents, the Strategic Business Plan, the Initial License Agreement, the License Agreement, the executed OrbiMed Amendments and any other agreements, documents or instruments as may be requested by the Purchaser, in each case, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Purchaser, and executed by the applicable parties thereto.    

 (b)   The Second Closing and Third Closing . In addition to the conditions set forth in Section 7.1(c), the Purchaser s purchase of the 2017 Convertible Note and the 2018 Convertible Note at the Second Closing and the Third Closing, respectively, shall be subject to the Company Parties  performance and compliance with the following: 

(i)   
 
 the representations and warranties of the Company (x) contained in Sections 5.2, 5.3, 5.4, 5.5, 5.6, 5.7, 5.10 and 5.14 hereof shall be true and correct in all material respects (without regard to any  materiality  or similar qualifications or exceptions therein) as of such Closing Date as if made at and as of such Closing Date (except to the extent expressly made as of an earlier date, in which case as of such earlier date), and (y) contained in the Transaction Documents, other than those set forth in clause (x) above, shall be true and correct as of such Closing Date as if made at and as of such Closing Date (except to the extent expressly made as of an earlier date, in which case as of such earlier date), in each case with respect to clause (y) above, except where the failure of such representations and warranties to be true and correct at such time has not had and would not reasonably be expected to have, in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect.    

 15 

(ii)   
 
    the Company has operated its business in a manner satisfactory to the Purchaser;     

(iii)   
 
 as of the date of the applicable Closing, the Company Parties have not breached or defaulted on, and have remained in compliance in all material respects with the terms of the Transaction Documents;    

(iv)   
 
 each of the Initial License Agreement, the License Agreement and the Development and Supply Agreement remains in effect (other than any termination thereof by Amgen (except as a result of a breach thereof by any Company Party)); and    

(v)   
 
 the delivery by the Company to the Purchaser of the applicable Notes, the applicable Collateral Documents and any other agreements, documents or instruments, including, without limitation, the documents set forth in Section 7.1(c)(xii), as may be requested by the Purchaser, in each case, in form and substance satisfactory to the Purchaser, and executed by the applicable parties thereto.    

 (c)   All Closings . 

(i)   
 
  Performance . The Company Parties shall have performed and complied in all material respects with all agreements, obligations and conditions contained in this Agreement that are required to be performed or complied by it on or before the applicable Closing, including those set forth in Section 6.    

(ii)   
 
  Qualification Under State Securities Laws . All registrations, qualifications, permits and approvals, if any, required under applicable state securities laws shall have been obtained.    

(iii)   
 
  Consents and Waivers . The Company Parties shall have obtained all consents or waivers necessary to execute and perform its obligations under the Transaction Documents in respect of the applicable Closing. All corporate and other action and governmental filings necessary to effectuate the terms of the Transaction Documents and other agreements and instruments executed and delivered by the Company Parties in connection therewith shall have been made or taken.    

(iv)   
 
  No Material Adverse Effect . There shall have been no Material Adverse Effect with respect to the Company since     

 16 

the date of the audited balance sheet of the Company immediately preceding the Initial Closing included in the SEC Reports.     

(v)   
 
  Fees and Expenses of the Purchaser . The Company Parties shall have paid (or the Purchaser shall have made arrangements to deduct from the Notes Purchase Price or the Total Notes Purchase Price, as applicable), subject to the Reimbursement Limitation set forth in, and in accordance with, Section 10.5 hereof, the out-of-pocket fees, expenses and disbursements of the Purchaser.    

(vi)   
 
  No Default or Event of Default . No (i) event which, with the passage of time or notice or both, would, unless cured or waived, become an Event of Default or (ii) Event of Default (as defined in the Notes) shall be continuing as of each Closing, after giving effect to the transactions contemplated to occur on each Closing.    

(vii)   
 
  Bankruptcy . The Company Parties have not, pursuant to or within the meaning of Title 11, U.S. Code, or any similar Federal, foreign or state law for the relief of debtors, (A) commenced a voluntary case, (B) consented to the entry of an order for relief against it in an involuntary case, (C) consented to the appointment of a receiver, trustee, assignee, liquidator or similar official, (D) made a general assignment for the benefit of its creditors, or (E) admitted in writing that it is generally unable to pay its debts as they become due.    

(viii)   
 
  Supporting Documents . The Purchaser at each Closing shall have received the following:    

1.   
 
  Opinion of Counsel . An opinion from Duane Morris LLP, counsel to the Company Parties, dated as of the date of the applicable Closing, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Purchaser;    

2.   
 
  Board Resolutions . Copies of resolutions of the Board of Directors, certified by the Secretary of the Company, authorizing and approving the execution, delivery and performance of the Transaction Documents and all other documents and instruments to be delivered pursuant hereto and thereto; and    

3.   
 
  Compliance Certificates . The Company shall have provided to the Purchaser, a Compliance Certificate,     

 17 

executed by the Chief Executive Officer of the Company, dated as of the applicable Closing, to the effect that the conditions thereto have been satisfied.     

(ix)   
 
  License Agreements . As of the date of the applicable Closing, the Company Parties shall not be in material and continuing breach or default under the Initial License Agreement or the License Agreement, and the Company Parties shall be in compliance in all material respects with, the terms of the Initial License Agreement and the License Agreement.    

(x)   
 
  OrbiMed Amendments . As of the date of the applicable Closing, (i) no waiver or termination of, or amendment to, any amendment contemplated in Section 2 of either of the OrbiMed Amendments has been executed or is effective, and (ii) no other agreement, amendment or waiver that alters or affects or may alter or affect any amendment contemplated in Section 2 of either of the OrbiMed Amendments has been executed or is effective, in the case of clauses (i) and (ii) above, without Purchaser s prior written consent.    

(xi)   
 
  No Change of Control . There has been no Change of Control (as defined in the Notes).    

(xii)   
 
  Security Interests . The Purchaser shall have received copies of the appropriate Uniform Commercial Code financing statement forms and intellectual property filing documents, as applicable, with respect to the Collateral of the Company Parties for filing with the appropriate entity on or promptly after the Initial Closing Date, and such other documents, agreements or instruments as the Purchaser may reasonably request.    

 7.2.   Conditions of the Company s Obligations . The obligations of the Company Parties under Section 2 hereof are subject to the fulfillment prior to or on each Closing of all of the following conditions, any of which may be waived in whole or in part by the Company Parties. 
 (a)   Covenants; Representations and Warranties . (i) The Purchaser shall have performed and complied in all material respects with all agreements, obligations and conditions contained in this Agreement that are required to be performed or complied by it on or before the applicable Closing and (ii) the representations and warranties of the Purchaser contained in this Agreement shall be true and correct at and  
 18 

as of such Closing as if made at and as of such Closing (except to the extent expressly made as of an earlier date, in which case as of such earlier date).  
 (b)   Payment of License Fee . The Purchaser shall have paid the License Fee in full. 
 8.   Registration Rights of the Purchaser . 
 8.1.   Demand Registration . 
 (a) Subject to the provisions hereof, at any time on or after the Initial Closing Date, the Purchaser and any assignee of the Purchaser pursuant to Section 10.6 of this Agreement (each a    Holder  ) shall have the right to require the Company to file a Registration Statement registering for sale all or part of the Conversion Shares held by or issuable to them (including Conversion Shares that may be issued in respect of PIK Interest) (collectively, the   Registrable Securities  ) under the Securities Act (a   Demand Registration  ) by delivering a written request therefor to the Company (i) specifying the number of Registrable Securities to be included in such registration by such Holder or Holders, (ii) specifying whether the intended method of disposition thereof is pursuant to an Underwritten Offering, and (iii) containing all information about such Holder required to be included in such Registration Statement in accordance with applicable law. As soon as practicable after the receipt of such demand, the Company shall (x) promptly notify any Holders from whom the request for registration has not been received and (y) use commercially reasonable efforts to effect such registration (including, without limitation, appropriate qualification under applicable blue sky or other state securities laws and appropriate compliance with applicable regulations issued under the Securities Act and any other governmental requirements or regulations) of the Registrable Securities that the Company has been so requested to register;  provided,   however , that (i) the Holders shall not make a request for a Demand Registration under this Section 8.1(a) for Registrable Securities having an anticipated aggregate offering price of less than $5,000,000, (ii) the Holders will not be entitled to require the Company to effect more than three (3) Demand Registrations in the aggregate under this Agreement, and (iii) the Company will not be obligated to effect more than one (1) Demand Registration in any six (6) month period. 
 (b) The offering of the Registrable Securities pursuant to such Demand Registration may be in the form of an Underwritten Offering. In such case, (i) the Holders of a majority of the Registrable Securities to be sold in the Underwritten Offering may designate the managing underwriter(s) of the Underwritten Offering and (ii) the Company shall (together with the Holders proposing to distribute their securities through such underwriting) enter into an underwriting agreement in customary form for underwriting agreements for firm commitment offerings by a selling holder of equity securities with the managing underwriter(s) proposing to distribute their securities through such Underwritten Offering;   provided,  that (i) the representations and warranties by, and the other agreements on the part of, the Company to and for the benefit of the underwriter(s) shall also be made to and for the benefit of the Holders proposing to distribute their securities through the Underwritten Offering, (ii) no Holder shall be required to make any representations and warranties to, or agreements with, any  
 19 

underwriter in a registration other than customary representations, warranties and agreements and (iii) the liability of each Holder in respect of any indemnification, contribution or other obligation of such Holder arising under such underwriting agreement (a) shall be limited to losses arising out of or based upon an untrue statement or alleged untrue statement or omission or alleged omission made in such Registration Statement, any such preliminary prospectus, final prospectus, summary prospectus, amendment or supplement, incorporated document or other such disclosure document or other document or report, in reliance upon and in conformity with written information furnished to the Company by or on behalf of such Holder expressly for inclusion therein and (b) shall not in any event, absent fraud or intentional misrepresentation, exceed an amount equal to the net proceeds to such Holder (after deduction of all underwriters  discounts and commissions) from the disposition of the Registrable Securities disposed of by such Holder pursuant to such Underwritten Offering.  
 (c) If, in connection with a Demand Registration in the form of an Underwritten Offering, the managing underwriter(s) give written advice to the Company of an Underwriters  Maximum Number, then (i) the Company shall so advise all Holders of Registrable Securities to be included in such Underwritten Offering and (ii) the Company will be obligated and required to include in such Underwritten Offering that number of Registrable Securities requested by the Holders thereof to be included in such registration and that does not exceed such Underwriters  Maximum Number prior to the inclusion of other securities that have been requested to be so included by any other person, and such Registrable Securities shall be allocated pro rata among the Holders thereof on the basis of the number of Registrable Securities requested to be included therein by each such Holder.  
 (d) A registration will not be deemed to have been effected as a Demand Registration unless the Registration Statement relating thereto has been declared effective by the SEC, at least 75% of the Registrable Securities requested to be included in the registration by the Holders are included in such registration, and the Company has complied in all material respects with its obligations under this Agreement with respect thereto;   provided ,  however , that if, after it has become effective, (i) such Registration Statement or the related offer, sale or distribution of Registrable Securities thereunder is or becomes the subject of any stop order, injunction or other order or requirement of the SEC or any other governmental or administrative agency, or if any court prevents or otherwise limits the sale of the Registrable Securities pursuant to the registration, and in each case less than all of the Registrable Securities covered by the effective Registration Statement are actually sold by the selling Holder or Holders pursuant to the Registration Statement, or (ii) if, in the case of an Underwritten Offering, the Company fails to provide full cooperation, then such registration will be deemed not to have been effected for purposes of clause (ii) of the proviso to Section 8.1(a). If (i) a registration requested pursuant to this Section 8.1 is deemed not to have been effected as a Demand Registration or (ii) the registration requested pursuant to this Section 8.1 does not remain continuously effective until the completion of the distribution by the Holders of the Registrable Securities covered by such registration, then the Company shall continue to be obligated to effect a Demand Registration pursuant to this Section 8.1 of the Registrable Securities included in such registration. In circumstances not including the  
 20 

events described in the immediately two preceding sentences of this Section 8.1(d), each Holder of Registrable Securities shall be permitted voluntarily to withdraw all or any part of its Registrable Securities from a Demand Registration at any time prior to the commencement of marketing of such Demand Registration, provided that such registration nonetheless shall count as a Demand Registration for purposes of clause (ii) of the proviso to Section 8.1(a).  
 8.2.   Piggyback Registration . 
 (a) At any time after the Initial Closing, if (and on each occasion that) the Company proposes to register any of its securities under the Securities Act (other than (i) pursuant to Section 8.1, (ii) in connection with registrations on Form S-4 or Form S-8 promulgated by the SEC or any successor or similar forms, (iii) in connection with a transaction conducted pursuant to Rule 145 of the Securities Act, or (iv) in connection with registrations on any registration form that does not permit secondary sales or does not include substantially the same information as would be required to be included in a registration statement covering the sale of Registrable Securities), whether for its own account or the account of any of its security holders (each such registration not withdrawn or abandoned prior to the effective date thereof being herein referred to as a    Piggyback Registration  ), the Company shall give written notice to the Holders of such proposal promptly, but in no event later than ten (10) Business Days prior to the anticipated filing date. 
 (b) Subject to the provisions contained in paragraphs (a) and (c) of this Section 8.2 and in the last sentence of this paragraph (b), the Company will be obligated and required to include in each Piggyback Registration such Registrable Securities as requested in a written notice from any Holder delivered to the Company no later than five (5) Business Days following delivery of the notice from the Company specified in Section 8.2(a). The Holders of Registrable Securities shall be permitted to withdraw all or any part of their shares from any Piggyback Registration, except as otherwise provided in any written agreement with the Company s underwriter(s) establishing the terms and conditions under which such Holders would be obligated to sell such securities in such Piggyback Registration. The Company may terminate or withdraw any Piggyback Registration prior to the effectiveness of such registration, whether or not the Holders have elected to include Registrable Securities in such registration.  
 (c) If a Piggyback Registration is an Underwritten Offering on behalf of a holder of Company securities other than Holders, and the managing underwriter(s) advise the Company that in their reasonable opinion the number of securities proposed to be included in such registration exceeds the Underwriters  Maximum Number, then the Company shall include in such registration (i) first, the number of securities to be sold by the Company, (ii) second, the number of securities requested to be included therein by such holder(s) requesting such registration, (iii) third, the number of securities requested to be included therein by all Holders who have requested registration of Registrable Securities in accordance with Section 8.2(a), pro rata on the basis of the aggregate number of Registrable Securities requested to be included by each such Holder, and (iv) fourth, any other securities that have been requested to be so included by any other   
 21 

person. If a Piggyback Registration is an Underwritten Offering on behalf of the Company, and the managing underwriter(s) advise the Company that in their reasonable opinion the number of securities proposed to be included in such registration exceeds the Underwriters  Maximum Number, then the Company shall include in such registration (i) first, the number of securities to be sold by the Company, (ii) second, the number of securities requested to be included therein by holder(s) with priority over the Holders with respect to such registration, (iii) third, the number of securities requested to be included therein by all Holders who have requested registration of Registrable Securities in accordance with Section 8.2(a), pro rata on the basis of the aggregate number of Registrable Securities requested to be included by each such Holder, and (iv) fourth, any other securities that have been requested to be so included by any other person.  
 (d) In any Piggyback Registration that is an Underwritten Offering, the  
 Company shall have the right to select the managing underwriter(s) for such registration. 
 (e) The Company shall not hereafter grant to any Person the right to request the Company to register any shares of Company securities in a Piggyback Registration unless such rights are consistent with the provisions of this Section 8.2.  
 8.3.   Registration Expenses . In connection with registrations pursuant to Section 8.1 or Section 8.2 hereof, the Company shall pay all of the costs and expenses incurred in connection with the registrations thereunder (the   Registration Expenses  ), including all (a) registration and filing fees and expenses, including, without limitation, those related to filings with the SEC, (b) fees and expenses of compliance with state securities or blue sky laws (including reasonable fees and disbursements of counsel in connection with blue sky qualifications of the Registrable Securities), (c) reasonable processing, duplicating and printing expenses, including expenses of printing prospectuses reasonably requested by any Holder, (d) the Company s internal expenses (including, without limitation, all salaries and expenses of its officers and employees performing legal or accounting duties, the expense of any liability insurance and the expense of any annual audit or quarterly review), (e) fees and expenses incurred in connection with listing the Registrable Securities for trading on a national securities exchange, (f) fees and expenses in connection with the preparation of the registration statement and related documents covering the Registrable Securities, (g) fees and expenses, if any, incurred with respect to any filing with FINRA, (h) any documented out-of-pocket expenses of the underwriter(s) incurred with the approval of the Company, (i) the cost of providing any CUSIP or other identification numbers for the Registrable Securities, (j) fees and expenses and disbursements of counsel for the Company and fees and expenses for independent certified public accountants retained by the Company (including, without limitation, the expenses of any comfort letters or costs associated with the delivery by independent certified public accountants of a comfort letter or comfort letters requested), (k) fees and expenses of any special experts retained by the Company in connection with such registration, and (l)  reasonable and documented fees and expenses of one firm of counsel for the Holders to be selected by the Holders of a majority of the Registrable Securities to be included in such registration (  Holders  Counsel  ). Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Holders shall be responsible, on a pro rata basis based on the number of Registrable Securities included in the applicable registered offering by each such Holder, for any underwriting discounts, commissions and stock transfer fees  
 22 

attributable to the sale of Registrable Securities pursuant to a Registration Statement and any other out-of-pocket expenses of the Holders not required to be paid by the Company pursuant to this Section 8.3.  The obligation of the Company to bear the expenses described in this Section 8.3 and to pay or reimburse the Holders for the expenses described in this Section 8.3 shall apply irrespective of whether any sales of Registrable Securities ultimately take place.  
 8.4.   Registration Procedures . In the case of each registration effected by the Company pursuant to this Agreement, the Company shall keep each Holder advised in writing as to the initiation of each registration and as to the completion thereof. In connection with any such registration: 
 (a) The Company will, as soon as reasonably practicable after its receipt of the request for registration under Section 8.1(a) (and in any event within thirty (30) days after such receipt), prepare and file with the Commission a Registration Statement on Form S-3 or another appropriate Securities Act form reasonably acceptable to the Holders, and use commercially reasonable efforts to cause such Registration Statement to become and remain effective until the completion of the distribution contemplated thereby.  
 (b) The Company will (i) promptly prepare and file with the Commission such amendments to each Registration Statement as may be necessary to keep such Registration Statement effective for as long as such registration is required to remain effective pursuant to the terms hereof, (ii) cause the prospectus to be supplemented by any required prospectus supplement, and, as so supplemented, to be filed pursuant to Rule 424 under the Securities Act, and (iii) comply with the provisions of the Securities Act applicable to it with respect to the disposition of all Registrable Securities covered by such Registration Statement during the applicable period in accordance with the intended methods of disposition by the Holders set forth in such Registration Statement or supplement to the prospectus.  
 (c) The Company will, at least ten (10) days prior to filing a Registration Statement or at least five (5) days prior to filing a prospectus or any amendment or supplement to such Registration Statement or prospectus, furnish to (i) each Holder of Registrable Securities covered by such Registration Statement, (ii) Holders  Counsel and (iii) each underwriter of the Registrable Securities covered by such Registration Statement, copies of such Registration Statement and each amendment or supplement as proposed to be filed, together with any exhibits thereto, which documents will be subject to reasonable review and comment by each of the foregoing Persons within three (3) days after delivery, and thereafter, furnish to such Holders, Holders  Counsel and the underwriter(s), if any, such number of copies of such Registration Statement, each amendment and supplement thereto (in each case including all exhibits thereto and documents incorporated by reference therein), the prospectus included in such Registration Statement (including each preliminary prospectus) and such other documents or information as such Holder, Holders  Counsel or the underwriter(s) may reasonably request in order to facilitate the disposition of the Registrable Securities in accordance with the plan of distribution set forth in the prospectus included in the Registration Statement.  
 23 

(d)  The Company will promptly notify each Holder of any stop order issued or threatened by the SEC and, if entered, use commercially reasonable efforts to prevent the entry of such stop order or to remove it as soon as reasonably possible.  
 (e) On or prior to the date on which the Registration Statement is declared effective, the Company shall use commercially reasonable efforts to register or qualify such Registrable Securities under such other securities or blue sky laws of such jurisdictions as any Holder reasonably requests and do any and all other lawful acts and things which may be reasonably necessary or advisable to enable the Holders to consummate the disposition in such jurisdictions of such Registrable Securities, and use commercially reasonable efforts to keep each such registration or qualification (or exemption therefrom) effective during the period which the Registration Statement is required to be kept effective;   provided  that the Company will not be required to (i) qualify generally to do business in any jurisdiction where it would not otherwise be required to qualify but for this paragraph (e), (ii) subject itself to taxation in any such jurisdiction or (iii) consent to general service of process in any such jurisdiction. 
 (f) The Company will notify each Holder, Holders  Counsel and the underwriter(s) promptly and (if requested by any such person) confirm such notice in writing, (i) when a prospectus or any prospectus supplement or post-effective amendment has been filed and, with respect to a Registration Statement or any post-effective amendment, when the same has become effective, (ii) of any request by the SEC or any other federal or state governmental authority for amendments or supplements to a Registration Statement or prospectus or for additional information to be included in any Registration Statement or prospectus or otherwise, (iii) of the issuance by any state securities commission or other regulatory authority of any order suspending the qualification or exemption from qualification of any of the Registrable Securities under state securities or blue sky laws or the initiation of any proceedings for that purpose, and (iv) of the happening of any event that requires the making of any changes in a Registration Statement or related prospectus or any document incorporated or deemed to be incorporated by reference therein so that they will not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements in the Registration Statement and prospectus not misleading in light of the circumstances in which they were made; and, as promptly as practicable thereafter, prepare and file with the SEC and furnish a supplement or amendment to such prospectus so that, as thereafter deliverable to the purchasers of such Registrable Securities, such prospectus will not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading.  
 (g) The Company and the Holders will furnish customary closing certificates and other deliverables to the underwriter(s) (including, if applicable, an underwriting agreement in customary form) and take such other actions as are reasonably required in order to expedite or facilitate the disposition of the Registrable Securities.  
 (h) The Company will make available for inspection by any underwriter participating in any disposition pursuant to a Registration Statement, and any   
 24 

attorney, accountant or other agent retained by any such seller or underwriter (in each case after reasonable prior notice and at reasonable times during normal business hours and without unnecessary interruption of the Company s business or operations), such financial and other records, pertinent corporate documents and properties of the Company as such underwriter may reasonably request in connection with its customary due diligence procedures, and cause the Company s officers, directors, employees and independent accountants to supply such information as is reasonably requested by any such seller, underwriter, attorney, accountant or agent in connection with the Registration Statement.  
 (i) The Company, during the period when the prospectus is required to be delivered under the Securities Act, promptly will file all documents required to be filed with the SEC pursuant to Section 13(a), 13(c), 14 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act.  
 (j) The Company shall use commercially reasonable efforts to cause all Registrable Securities registered pursuant to the terms hereof to be listed on each national securities exchange on which the Common Stock of the Company is then listed.  
 (k) The Company shall use commercially reasonable efforts to cooperate and assist in obtaining of all necessary approvals from FINRA, if any.  
 (l) The Company otherwise shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to comply with all applicable rules and regulations of the SEC.  
 (m) The Company shall furnish to any requesting underwriter in an Underwritten Offering, addressed to such underwriter, (i) an opinion of the Company s counsel, dated the date of the closing of the sale of any Registrable Securities thereunder, as well as a consent to be named in the Registration Statement or any prospectus thereto, and (ii) comfort letters and consent to be named in the Registration Statement or any prospectus relating thereto signed by the Company s independent public accountants who have examined and reported on the Company s financial statements included in the Registration Statement, in each case covering substantially the same matters with respect to the Registration Statement (and the prospectus included therein) and (in the case of the accountants  comfort letters) with respect to events subsequent to the date of the financial statements, as are customarily covered in opinions of issuer s counsel and in accountants  comfort letters delivered to the underwriters in underwritten public offerings of securities, to the extent that the Company is required to deliver or cause the delivery of such opinion or comfort letters to the underwriters in an Underwritten Offering.  
 8.5.   Holders  Obligations . The Company may require each Holder to promptly furnish in writing to the Company such information as the Company may from time to time reasonably request in connection with the distribution of the Registrable Securities and such other information as may be legally required in connection with such registration, including all such information as may be requested by the SEC. Each Holder agrees that, notwithstanding the provisions of Section 8.6 hereof, upon receipt of any notice from the Company of the happening of any event of the kind described in Section 8.4(f) hereof, such Holder will forthwith discontinue disposition of Registrable Securities pursuant to the Registration Statement covering  
 25 

such Registrable Securities until such Holder s receipt of the copies of the supplemented or amended prospectus contemplated by Section 8.4(f) hereof, and, if so directed by the Company, such Holder will deliver to the Company all copies, other than permanent file copies then in such Holder s possession and retained solely in accordance with record retention policies then-applicable to such Holder, of the most recent prospectus covering such Registrable Securities at the time of receipt of such notice. In the event the Company shall give such notice, the Company shall extend the period during which such Registration Statement shall be maintained effective by the number of days during the period from and including the date of the giving of notice pursuant to Section 8.4(f) hereof to the date when the Company shall make available to the Holders a prospectus supplemented or amended to conform with the requirements of Section 8.4(f) hereof.  
 8.6.   Blackout Provisions .  Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, by delivery of written notice to the participating Holders (a   Suspension Notice  ) stating which one or more of the following limitations shall apply to the addressee of such Suspension Notice, the Company may (i) postpone effecting a registration under this Agreement, or (ii) require such addressee to refrain from disposing of Registrable Securities under the registration, in either case for a period of no more than forty-five (45) consecutive days from the delivery of such Suspension Notice (which period may not be extended or renewed). The Company may postpone effecting a registration or apply the limitations on dispositions specified in clause (ii) of this Section 8.6 if (x) the Company Board, in good faith, determines that such registration or disposition would materially impede, delay or interfere with any material transaction then pending or proposed to be undertaken by the Company or any of its subsidiaries, or (y) the Company in good faith determines that the Company is in possession of material non- public information the disclosure of which during the period specified in such notice the Company Board, in good faith, reasonably believes would not be in the best interests of the Company;  provided  that the Company may not take any actions pursuant to this Section 8.6 for a period of time in excess of ninety (90) days in the aggregate in any twelve (12)-month period. 
 8.7.   Indemnification . 
 (a)   Indemnification by the Company . The Company agrees, notwithstanding the termination of this Agreement, to indemnify and hold harmless, to the fullest extent permitted by law, each Holder and each of its officers, directors, employees and agents, and each Person, if any, who controls such Holder within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act or Section 20 of the Exchange Act, together with the officers, directors, employees and agents of the forgoing (each, a   Controlling Person  ), from and against any and all losses, claims, damages, settlement amounts (only if the Company consented in writing to the settlement, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld), liabilities, reasonable attorneys  fees, costs and expenses of investigating and defending any such claim (collectively,   Damages  ) and any action in respect thereof to which such Holder, its Controlling Persons and their respective officers, directors, employees and agents may become subject to under the Securities Act or otherwise, in each case, insofar as such Damages (or proceedings in respect thereof) arise out of, or are based upon, any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material fact contained in any Registration Statement or prospectus (or any amendment or supplement thereto) or any preliminary prospectus of the Company, or arise out of, or are  
 26 

based upon, any omission or alleged omission to state therein a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading in light of the circumstances in which they were made, except insofar as the same are based upon information furnished in writing to the Company by any Controlling Persons expressly for use therein, and shall reimburse such Person for any legal and other expenses reasonably incurred in investigating or defending or preparing to defend against any such Damages or proceedings. In addition to the indemnity contained herein, the Company shall reimburse each such Person for its reasonable out-of-pocket legal and other expenses (including the reasonable out-of-pocket cost of any investigation, preparation and travel in connection therewith) as incurred in connection therewith, as promptly as practicable after such expenses are incurred and invoiced.  
 (b)   Indemnification by the Holder . Each Holder agrees, severally and not jointly, to indemnify and hold harmless, to the fullest extent permitted by law, the Company and each of its officers, directors, employees and agents, and each Person, if any, who controls the Company within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act or Section 20 of the Exchange Act, together with the officers, directors, employees and agents of the forgoing (each, a   Company Controlling Person  ), from and against any and all Damages and any action in respect thereof to which the Company, the Company Controlling Persons and their respective officers, directors, employees and agents may become subject to under the Securities Act or otherwise, in each case, insofar as such Damages (or proceedings in respect thereof) arise out of, or are based upon, any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material fact contained in any Registration Statement or prospectus (or any amendment or supplement thereto) or any preliminary prospectus of the Company, or arise out of, or are based upon, any omission or alleged omission to state therein a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading in light of the circumstances in which they were made, in each case, insofar as the same are based upon information furnished in writing to the Company by such Holder expressly for use therein, and shall reimburse such Person for any legal and other expenses reasonably incurred in investigating or defending or preparing to defend against any such Damages or proceedings. 
 (c)   Conduct of Indemnification Proceedings . Promptly after receipt by any Person (an   Indemnified Party  ) of notice of any claim or the commencement of any action in respect of which indemnity may be sought pursuant to Section 8.7(a) or Section 8.7(b), the Indemnified Party shall, if a claim in respect thereof is to be made against the Person against whom such indemnity may be sought (an   Indemnifying Party  ), notify the Indemnifying Party in writing of the claim or the commencement of such action;  provided,  that the failure to notify the Indemnifying Party shall not relieve it from any liability that it may have to an Indemnified Party other than under Section 8.7(a) or Section 8.7(b) except to the extent of any actual prejudice resulting therefrom. If any such claim or action shall be brought against an Indemnified Party, and it shall notify the Indemnifying Party thereof, the Indemnifying Party shall be entitled to participate therein, and, to the extent that it wishes, jointly with any other similarly notified Indemnifying Party, to assume the defense thereof with counsel reasonably satisfactory to the Indemnified Party. After notice from the Indemnifying Party to the Indemnified Party of its election to assume the defense of such claim or action, the Indemnifying Party shall  
 27 

not be liable to the Indemnified Party for any legal or other expenses subsequently incurred by the Indemnified Party in connection with the defense thereof other than reasonable costs of investigation;   provided,   that the Indemnified Party shall have the right to employ separate counsel to represent the Indemnified Party and any Persons who may be subject to liability arising out of any claim in respect of which indemnity may be sought by the Indemnified Party against the Indemnifying Party, but the fees and expenses of such counsel shall be for the account of such Indemnified Party unless (i) the Indemnifying Party and the Indemnified Party shall have mutually agreed to the retention of, and reimbursement of fees for, such counsel or (ii) in the reasonable opinion of counsel to such Indemnified Party representation of both parties by the same counsel would be inappropriate due to actual or potential conflicts of interest between them, it being understood, however, that the Indemnifying Party shall not, in connection with any one such claim or action or separate but substantially similar or related claims or actions in the same jurisdiction arising out of the same general allegations or circumstances, be liable for the fees and expenses of more than one separate firm of attorneys (together with appropriate local counsel) at any time for all Indemnified Parties. No Indemnifying Party shall, without the prior written consent of the Indemnified Party, effect any settlement of any claim or pending or threatened proceeding in respect of which the Indemnified Party is or would reasonably have been a party and indemnity would reasonably have been sought hereunder by such Indemnified Party, unless such settlement includes an unconditional release of such Indemnified Party from all liability arising out of such claim or proceeding. Whether or not the defense of any claim or action is assumed by the Indemnifying Party, such Indemnifying Party will not be subject to any liability for any settlement made without its written consent.  
 8.8.   Lock-Up Agreements . Each of the Holders and the Company agrees that, in connection with an Underwritten Offering in respect of which Registrable Securities are being sold, it will enter into customary  lock-up  agreements for a period not to exceed ninety (90) days from the effective date of the Registration Statement pertaining to such Registrable Securities. 
 8.9.   Termination of Registration Rights . The rights granted under this Section 8 shall terminate on the earlier of the date that (a) there are no longer any Registrable Securities outstanding or (b) all Registrable Securities are eligible for sale without any volume or other limitations or restrictions;  provided,   however,  that the indemnification provisions set forth in Section 8.7 shall survive such termination. 
 9.   Definitions.  Unless the context otherwise requires, the terms defined in this Section 9 shall have the meanings specified for all purposes of this Agreement. 
 Except as otherwise expressly provided, all accounting terms used in this Agreement, whether or not defined in this Section 9, shall be construed in accordance with GAAP.  If the Company has one or more Subsidiaries, such accounting terms shall be determined on a consolidated basis for the Company and each of its Subsidiaries, and the financial statements and other financial information to be furnished by the Company pursuant to this Agreement shall be consolidated and presented with consolidating financial statements of the Company and each of its Subsidiaries. 
 28 

Affiliate    shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Rule 12b-2 of the General Rules and Regulations under the Exchange Act.  
   Agreement   has the meaning assigned to it in the introductory paragraph hereof. 
 " ASX " means ASX Limited or the Australian Securities Exchange it operates as the context requires. 
   Board of Directors   means the board of directors of the Company. 
   Business Day   means any day other than Saturday, Sunday or other day on which commercial banks in The City of New York are authorized or required by law to remain closed. 
 "CDIs" means CHESS Depository Interests over shares of Common Stock in the Company. 
   Charter Documents   has the meaning assigned to it in Section 5.7 hereof. 
   Closing   has the meaning assigned to it in Section 3.1(d) hereof. 
   Closing Date   has the meaning assigned to it in Section 3.1(c) hereof. 
   Collateral   has the meaning set forth in the Security Agreement. 
   Collateral Documents   means, collectively, the Security Agreement, the Patent Security Agreement, the Intercreditor Agreement and all other agreements, documents or instruments entered into guaranteeing payment of, or granting or perfecting a Lien upon property as security for payment of the obligations under the Transaction Documents. 
   Commission   means the Securities and Exchange Commission. 
   Common Stock   has the meaning assigned to it in the recitals hereof. 
   Company   has the meaning assigned to it in the introductory paragraph. 
   Company Parties   has the meaning assigned to it in the introductory paragraph. 
   Conversion Shares   has the meaning assigned to it in Section 1 hereof. 
   Demand Registration   has the meaning assigned to it in Section 8.1(a) hereof. 
   Development and Supply Agreement   has the meaning assigned to it in the License Agreement. 
   Disclosure Schedules   means the disclosure schedules to this Agreement, which are incorporated herein by reference and form part of this Agreement. 
    Event of Default   has the meaning set forth in the Notes. 
 29 

Exchange Act    means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.  
    FINRA   means the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority. 
   GAAP   means U.S. generally accepted accounting principles consistently applied. 
   Governmental Entity   means any national, federal, state, municipal, local, territorial, foreign or other government or any department, commission, board, bureau, agency, regulatory authority or instrumentality thereof, or any court, judicial, administrative or arbitral body or public or private tribunal. 
   Holder   has the meaning assigned to it in Section 8.1(a) hereof. 
   Holders  Counsel   shall have the meaning assigned to it in Section 8.3 hereof. 
   Initial Closing   has the meaning assigned to it in Section 3.1(a) hereof. 
   Initial Closing Date   has the meaning assigned to it in Section 3.1(a) hereof. 
   Initial License Agreement   means the License Agreement, dated as of February 5, 2016, by and among the Purchaser, the Company and Unilife Medical Solutions, Inc., as amended from time to time. 
   Intellectual Property Rights   mean (i) Patent Rights, know-how and Technology; (ii) rights associated with works of authorship including copyrights, copyright applications and copyright registrations; (iii) rights relating to the protection of trade secrets, know-how and Technology, trademarks, trade names, or other distinctive brand names or logos; and (iv) trade secrets. 
   Intercreditor Agreement   means that certain Intercreditor Agreement, dated as of the 
 Initial Closing Date, by and between the Purchaser and OrbiMed, as amended from time to time. 
   KPMG   has the meaning assigned to it in Section 5.17 hereof. 
   License Agreement   means the Unilife Devices License Agreement, dated as of February 22, 2016, by and among the Purchaser, the Company and Unilife Medical Solutions, Inc., as amended from time to time. 
   License Fe e  means the $20,000,000 fee paid in connection with the parties  entry into the License Agreement, as and to the extent contemplated therein. 
   Lien   has the meaning set forth in the Notes. 
   Master Development and Supply Agreement   shall mean that certain Master Development and Supply Agreement, dated as of the date hereof, by and between Purchaser and Unilife Medical. 
   Material Adverse Effect   means any (i) adverse effect on the issuance or validity of the Securities or the transactions contemplated hereby or on the ability of the Company to perform  
 30 

its obligations under the Transaction Documents, or (ii) material adverse effect on the condition (financial or otherwise), prospects, properties, assets, liabilities, business or operations of the Company;   provided  ,   however,   that any adverse effect resulting from or attributable to: (a) the economy or financial markets in general; (b) the economic, business, financial or regulatory environment generally affecting the industry in which the Company or its Subsidiaries operate; (c) changes in law or applicable accounting regulations or principles or interpretations thereof; (d) in and of itself, any change in the Company s stock price or trading volume or any failure by the Company to meet any cash utilization, revenue, earnings or other similar projections (provided that the underlying causes of such change in stock price or trading volume or such failure may, to the extent applicable, be considered in determining whether there has been a Material Adverse Effect); (e) the announcement or pendency of this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby (or the performance thereof); (f) changes in global or national economic or political conditions; (g) an act of terrorism or an outbreak or escalation of hostilities or war (whether declared or not declared) or any natural disasters or any national or international calamity or crisis; or (h) any adverse effect that is cured by the Company; will not be taken into account in determining whether a Material Adverse Effect has occurred or would reasonably be likely to occur,   provided,     however,   that, in the case of clauses (a), (b), and (f) of this definition, only to the extent that such adverse effect does not have a disproportionate effect on the Company relative to other participants in the industries in which the Company operate.  
   Maturity Date   has the meaning set forth in the Notes. 
   Note Purchase Price   has the meaning assigned to it in Section 2.3 hereof. 
   Notes   has the meaning assigned to it in the recitals hereof. 
   OrbiMed   means ROS Acquisition Offshore, LP, a Cayman Islands exempted limited partnership, as lender under the OrbiMed Credit Agreement (as defined in the Notes). 
   OrbiMed Amendments   means that certain Eighth Amendment to the OrbiMed Credit Agreement, as amended from time to time, and that certain Sixth Amendment to the OrbiMed Royalty Agreement, each of which is attached hereto as  Exhibit C . 
   OrbiMed Credit Agreement   means, as amended from time to time, that certain Credit Agreement, dated as of March 12, 2014, by and among the Company, Unilife Medical Solutions, Inc., the other Creditor Obligors (as such term is defined therein), and ROS Acquisition Offshore LP. 
   OrbiMed Royalty Agreement   means, as amended from time to time, that certain Royalty Agreement, dated as of March 12, 2014, by and between Unilife Medical Solutions, Inc. and Royalty Opportunities S.  R.L. 
   OrbiMed Warrant   means that certain warrant issued by the Company to Royalty Opportunities S.  r.l. on February 22, 2016, for the purchase of up to 16,739,805 shares of Common Stock. 
   Patent Rights   means patents, patent applications, patents issuing thereon and any extensions or restorations by existing or future extension or restoration mechanisms, including  
 31 

without limitation supplementary protection certificates or the equivalents thereof, renewals, continuations, continuations in part, divisionals, patents-of-addition, certificates of invention, extensions, substitutions, confirmations, re-registrations, re-examinations, revalidations and/or reissues of any patent, and any foreign counterparts thereof.  
   Patent Security Agreement   has the meaning set forth in the Security Agreement.  
   Person   means and includes all natural persons, corporations, business trusts, associations, companies, partnerships, joint ventures, limited liability companies and other entities and governments and agencies and political subdivisions. 
   Permitted Liens   has the meaning set forth in the Security Agreement. 
   Permitted Transferee   has the meaning assigned to it in Section 10.6(b) hereof. 
   Piggyback Registration   has the meaning assigned to it in Section 8.2(a) hereof. 
   Preferred Stock   has the meaning assigned to it in Section 5.1(a) hereof. 
   Purchaser   has the meaning assigned to it in the introductory paragraph of this Agreement and shall include any assignees of the Purchaser as permitted by Section 10.6 of this Agreement. 
   Registrable Securities   has the meaning assigned to it in Section 8.1(a) hereof. 
   Registration Expenses   has the meaning assigned to it in Section 8.3. 
   Registration Statement   means any registration statement filed by the Company under the Securities Act that covers any of the Registrable Securities, including a prospectus, amendment and supplements thereto, and all exhibits and material incorporated by reference therein. 
   Reporting Period   has the meaning assigned to it in Section 6.3 hereof. 
   Required Filings   has the meaning assigned to it in Section 5.16 hereof. 
   SEC   means the Securities and Exchange Commission. 
   SEC Reports   has the meaning assigned to it in Section 5 hereof. 
   Second Closing   has the meaning assigned to it in Section 3.1(b) hereof. 
   Second Closing Date   has the meaning assigned to it in Section 3.1(b) hereof. 
   Securities   has the meaning assigned to it in Section 1 hereof. 
   Securities Act   has the meaning assigned to it in the recitals hereof. 
   Security Agreement   has the meaning assigned to in Section 1 hereof. 
 32 

Subsidiary    means any corporation, association trust, limited liability company, partnership, joint venture or other business association or entity (i) at least 50% of the outstanding voting securities of which are at the time owned or controlled directly or indirectly by the Company or (ii) with respect to which the Company possesses, directly or indirectly, the power to direct or cause the direction of the affairs or management of such Person.  
   Suspension Notice   has the meaning assigned to in Section 8.6 hereof. 
   Strategic Business Plan   means the business plan delivered by the Company to the Purchaser on the date hereof, as amended from time to time. 
   Technology   means inventions (whether patentable or not), trade secrets, technical information, data, materials, patents, patent applications, copyrights, methods, processes, improvements, trade dress, trade names, trademarks discoveries, machines, software, techniques, tools, algorithms, plans, designs, drawings, formula, know-how, ideas and other technology and information, including all tangible embodiments of any of the foregoing, including, without limitation, all applications and registrations relating to the foregoing and any foreign counterparts thereof. 
   Third Closing   has the meaning assigned to it in Section 3.1(c) hereof. 
   Third Closing Date   has the meaning assigned to it in Section 3.1(c) hereof. 
   Total Notes Purchase Price   shall mean $55,000,000. 
   Trading Market   means the following markets or exchanges on which the Common Stock is listed or quoted for trading on the date in question: the NYSE MKT, the Nasdaq Capital Market, the Nasdaq Global Market, the Nasdaq Global Select Market, the New York Stock Exchange or the OTC Markets Group Inc. 
   Transaction Documents   means, collectively, this Agreement, the Note(s), the Security Agreement, the Collateral Documents and any other document or instrument designated by the Company and Purchaser as a  Transaction Document . 
   Underwritten Offering   means any underwritten public offering of Common Stock by the Company, whether for newly issued Shares or otherwise on behalf of stockholders pursuant to the exercise of registration rights (including a Demand Registration) or otherwise. 
   Underwriters  Maximum Number   means, for any Demand Registration or Piggyback Registration, that number of securities to which such registration should, in the opinion of the managing underwriter(s) of such registration, in light of marketing factors, be limited. 
   Unilife Medical   has the meaning assigned to it in the introductory paragraph. 
 10.   Miscellaneous . 
 10.1.   Waivers and Amendments . No failure or delay by any party in exercising any right, power or privilege hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof nor shall any single or  
 33 

partial exercise thereof preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right, power or privilege. Neither this Agreement, nor any provision hereof, maybe changed, waived, discharged or terminated orally or by course of dealing, but only by an instrument in writing executed by the Company Parties and the Purchaser.  
 10.2.   Cumulative Remedies . None of the rights, powers or remedies conferred upon the Purchaser on the one hand or the Company Parties on the other hand shall be mutually exclusive, and each such right, power or remedy shall be cumulative and in addition to every other right, power or remedy, whether conferred by this Agreement, any of the other Transaction Documents or now or hereafter available at law, in equity, by statute or otherwise. 
 10.3.   Notices.  All notices, requests, consents, and other communications under this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed delivered (a) when delivered, if delivered personally, (b) five (5) Business Days after being sent by registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid; (c) one business day after being sent via a reputable nationwide overnight courier service guaranteeing next Business Day delivery, or (d) when receipt is acknowledged, in the case of facsimile, in each case to the intended recipient as set forth below. 
 If to any of the Company Parties:  
 Unilife Corporation 
 250 Cross Farm Lane 
 York, PA 17406 
 Attention: John C. Ryan 
 If to the Purchaser: 
 Amgen Inc. 
 One Amgen Center Drive 
 Thousand Oaks, CA 91320-1799 
 Attention: Corporate Secretary 
 or at such other address as the Company Parties or the Purchaser each may specify by written notice to the other parties hereto in accordance with this Section 10.3. 
 10.4.   Indemnification . The Company Parties shall indemnify, save and hold harmless the Purchaser and its directors, officers, employees and agents (each a   Purchaser Indemnitee  ) from and against (and shall promptly reimburse such  Purchaser Indemnitees for) any and all liability, loss, cost, damage, reasonable attorneys  and accountants  fees and expenses, court costs and all other out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with or arising from claims, actions, suits, proceedings or similar claims associated or relating to the execution, delivery and performance of the Transaction Documents, the OrbiMed Amendments or the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby or the exercise by the Purchaser of its rights thereunder (other than solely in connection with the Master Development and Supply Agreement, Initial License Agreement or License Agreement), in each case, provided that such claims, actions, suits, proceedings or similar claims are brought or asserted against such Purchaser Indemnitee(s) by a Person other than the Purchaser, an Affiliate thereof, a Purchaser  
 34 

Indemnitee or by any Person at the request or direction of the Purchaser or its Affiliates. Notwithstanding the forgoing, the Company Parties shall not have any obligation to indemnify any Purchaser Indemnitee to the extent that the claim is attributable to a Purchaser Indemnitee s breach of any of the representations, warranties, covenants or agreements made by the Purchaser in this Agreement, the Transaction Documents or any other certificate, instrument or document contemplated hereby or thereby. This indemnification provision shall be in addition to the rights of the Purchaser under Section 8.7 of this Agreement or to bring an action against the Company for breach of any term of the Transaction Documents or the OrbiMed Amendments.  
 10.5.   Costs and Expenses.  The Company Parties agree (a) whether or not the Closing Dates occur, to pay or reimburse the Purchaser for all reasonable and documented out- of-pocket costs and expenses (including, but not limited to, all reasonable and documented costs and out-of-pocket expenses of legal counsel) incurred in connection with the preparation, negotiation, execution and delivery of the Transaction Documents, the License Agreement, the OrbiMed Amendments and any amendment, waiver, consent or other modification of the provisions thereof (whether or not the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby are consummated), and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby, and (b) after each Closing Date, to pay or reimburse the Purchaser for all reasonable and documented out-of-pocket costs and expenses incurred in connection with the enforcement of any rights or remedies under the Transaction Documents, the License Agreement, or the OrbiMed Amendments (including, but not limited to, all such costs and expenses incurred during any legal proceeding, including any proceeding under Title 11, U.S. Code, or any similar Federal, foreign or state law for the relief of debtors, and all reasonable and documented costs and out-of-pocket expenses of legal counsel). All amounts due under this Section 10.5 shall be paid within thirty (30) days after written demand therefor. Notwithstanding the forgoing, in no event shall the Company Parties be required to pay or reimburse the Purchaser pursuant to this Section 10.5 an amount in excess of  []*    (the   Reimbursement Limitation   provided, however, that the Reimbursement Limitation shall not take into account expenses contemplated in Section 8.3(l), which expenses are subject to the limitations set forth therein. 
 10.6.   Successors and Assigns . 
 (a) All the terms and provisions of this Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of and be enforceable by the respective parties hereto, the successors and permitted assigns of the Purchaser and the successors of the Company Parties, whether so expressed or not. Neither the Company Parties nor the Purchaser may assign, delegate or otherwise transfer the Transaction Documents or any of its rights, interests or obligations hereunder or thereunder without the prior written consent of the other parties, and any attempt to do so will be null and void;   provided,  that (i) Purchaser may, without the prior consent of the Company Parties, assign its rights to purchase the Securities hereunder to any of its Affiliates that provides the Company with a W-9 (provided such Affiliate agrees to be bound by the terms of this Agreement and makes the same representations and warranties set forth in Section 4 hereof) and (ii) if the Purchaser assigns either or both of the Initial License Agreement and/or the License 
 Agreement, then the Transaction Documents and all of Purchaser s rights, interests or obligations thereunder likewise may likewise be, but are not required to be, assigned to the  
 35 

same assignee(s), but such assignment shall only be effective to the extent assignment is permitted under the Initial License Agreement and/or License Agreement, as applicable.  
 (b) If the Purchaser transfers any portion of the Notes pursuant to Section 10.6(a) to another Person (each, a    Permitted Transferee  ), and as a result there is more than one holder of the Notes, the Company Parties, the Purchaser and the Permitted Transferee(s) shall agree to negotiate in good faith any provisions of the Transaction Documents and the OrbiMed Amendments that are applicable to multiple holders. 
 10.7.   Headings . The headings of the Sections and paragraphs of this Agreement have been inserted for convenience of reference only and do not constitute a part of this Agreement. 
 10.8.   GOVERNING LAW . THE INTERNAL LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK SHALL GOVERN ALL MATTERS ARISING OUT OF, IN CONNECTION WITH OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ITS VALIDITY, INTERPRETATION, CONSTRUCTION, PERFORMANCE AND ENFORCEMENT AND ANY CLAIMS SOUNDING IN CONTRACT LAW OR TORT LAW ARISING OUT OF THE SUBJECT MATTER HEREOF. 
 10.9.   JURISDICTION . 
 (a) THE PARTIES HERETO CONSENT AND AGREE THAT THE STATE OR FEDERAL COURTS LOCATED IN NEW YORK COUNTY, STATE OF NEW YORK, SHALL HAVE EXCLUSIVE JURISDICTION TO HEAR AND DETERMINE ANY CLAIMS OR DISPUTES BETWEEN OR AMONG ANY OF THE PARTIES HERETO PERTAINING TO THIS AGREEMENT, THE OTHER TRANSACTION DOCUMENTS, THE ORBIMED AMENDMENTS,  AND ANY OTHER TRANSACTION RELATING HERETO, AND ANY INVESTIGATION, LITIGATION OR PROCEEDING IN CONNECTION WITH, RELATED TO OR ARISING OUT OF ANY SUCH MATTERS, IN EACH CASE OTHER THAN CLAIMS OR DISPUTES PERTAINING SOLELY TO THE INITIAL LICENSE AGREEMENT OR LICENSE AGREEMENT,   PROVIDED,  THAT THE PARTIES HERETO ACKNOWLEDGE THAT ANY APPEAL FROM THOSE COURTS MAY HAVE TO BE HEARD BY A COURT LOCATED OUTSIDE OF SUCH JURISDICTION IN ANY ACTION OR SUIT COMMENCED IN ANY SUCH COURT, AND HEREBY WAIVE ANY OBJECTION, WHICH EACH OF THE PARTIES MAY BE BASED UPON LACK OF PERSONAL JURISDICTION, IMPROPER VENUE OR INCONVENIENT FORUM. 
 (b) NOTWITHSTANDING THE FOREGOING, NOTHING CONTAINED HEREIN OR IN ANY OTHER TRANSACTION DOCUMENT WILL PREVENT THE PURCHASER FROM BRINGING ANY ACTION TO ENFORCE ANY AWARD OR JUDGMENT OR EXERCISE ANY RIGHT UNDER THE COLLATERAL DOCUMENTS OR AGAINST ANY COLLATERAL OR ANY OTHER PROPERTY OF THE COMPANY PARTIES IN ANY OTHER FORUM IN   
 36 

WHICH JURISDICTION CAN BE ESTABLISHED. EACH OF THE COMPANY PARTIES AND THE PURCHASER IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ANY OBJECTION, INCLUDING ANY OBJECTION TO THE LAYING OF VENUE OR BASED ON THE GROUNDS OF FORUM NON CONVENIENS, WHICH IT MAY NOW OR HEREAFTER HAVE TO THE BRINGING OF ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING IN SUCH JURISDICTION IN RESPECT OF TRANSACTION DOCUMENT OR OTHER DOCUMENT RELATED THERETO. EACH PARTY HERETO IRREVOCABLY CONSENTS TO SERVICE OF PROCESS IN ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO ANY TRANSACTION DOCUMENT IN THE MANNER PROVIDED FOR NOTICES (OTHER THAN TELECOPIER) IN SECTION 10.3. NOTHING IN THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER TRANSACTION DOCUMENT WILL AFFECT THE RIGHT OF ANY PARTY HERETO TO SERVE PROCESS IN ANY OTHER MANNER PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW.  
 10.10.   Waiver of Jury Trial . TO THE EXTENT NOT PROHIBITED BY APPLICABLE LAW WHICH CANNOT BE WAIVED, THE PURCHASER AND THE COMPANY PARTIES HEREBY WAIVE AND COVENANT THAT NEITHER THE COMPANY PARTIES NOR THE PURCHASER WILL ASSERT, ANY RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY ON ANY ISSUE IN ANY PROCEEDING, WHETHER AS PLAINTIFF, DEFENDANT OR OTHERWISE, IN RESPECT OF ANY ISSUE, CLAIM, DEMAND, ACTION OR CAUSE OF ACTION ARISING OUT OF OR BASED UPON THIS AGREEMENT, THE OTHER TRANSACTION DOCUMENTS, THE ORBIMED AMENDMENTS,  ANY OTHER AGREEMENT OR THE SUBJECT MATTER HEREOF OR THEREOF, OR IN ANY WAY CONNECTED WITH, RELATED OR INCIDENTAL TO THE DEALINGS OF THE PURCHASER AND THE COMPANY PARTIES HEREUNDER OR THEREUNDER, IN EACH CASE OTHER THAN SOLELY ARISING OUT OF, IN CONNECTION WITH OR RELATING TO THE INITIAL LICENSE AGREEMENT OR LICENSE AGREEMENT. THIS WAIVER APPLIES TO ANY ACTION, SUIT OR PROCEEDING WHETHER NOW EXISTING OR HEREAFTER ARISING AND WHETHER IN TORT OR CONTRACT OR OTHERWISE. Each of the Company Parties acknowledges that it has been informed by the Purchaser that the provisions of this Section 10.10 constitute a material inducement upon which the Purchaser is relying and will rely in entering into this Agreement. The Purchaser or the Company Parties may file an original counterpart or a copy of this Section 10.10 with any court as written evidence of the consent of the Purchaser and the Company to the waiver of the right to trial by jury. 
 10.11.   Counterparts; Effectiveness.  This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts and by different parties hereto in separate counterparts, with the same effect as if all parties had signed the same document. All such counterparts (including counterparts delivered by facsimile or other electronic format (including  PDF )) shall be deemed an original, shall be construed together and shall constitute one and the same instrument. This Agreement shall become effective when each party hereto shall have received counterparts hereof signed by all of the other parties hereto. 
 10.12.   Entire Agreement.  The Transaction Documents contain the entire agreement among the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof and thereof and  
 37 

such agreements supersede and replace all other prior agreements, written or oral, among the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof and thereof.  
 10.13.   No Third Party Beneficiaries . This Agreement (including the Exhibits and Disclosure Schedules) and any agreements entered into contemporaneously herewith are not intended to and do not confer upon any Person other than the parties any legal or equitable rights or remedies, other than the provisions set forth in Section 8.7 and Section 10.4. 
 10.14.   Severability . If any provision of this Agreement shall be found by any court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid or unenforceable, the parties hereby waive such provision to the extent that it is found to be invalid or unenforceable. Such provision shall, to the maximum extent allowable by law, be modified by such court so that it becomes enforceable, and, as modified, shall be enforced as any other provision hereof, all the other provisions hereof continuing in full force and effect. 
 [Signature Pages Follow.] 

38 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Securities Purchase Agreement to be duly executed as of the day and year first written above.  

THE COMPANY PARTIES  

UNILIFE CORPORATION  

By:  
 
  /s/   John Ryan   

Name:  
 
 John Ryan  

Title:  
 
 Senior Vice President, General Counsel  
 + Secretary   

UNILIFE MEDICAL SOLUTIONS, INC.  

By:  
 
  /s/   John Ryan   

Name:  
 
 John Ryan  

Title:  
 
 Senior Vice President, General Counsel  
 + Secretary   

[ Company Parties Signature Page to Securities Purchase Agreement ] 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Securities Purchase Agreement to be duly executed as of the day and year first written above.  

THEPURCHASER 

AMGENINC.  

By:  
 
  /s/   David W. Meline   

Name:  
 
 David W. Meline  

Title:  
 
 Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer  

[ Purchaser Signature Page to Securities Purchase Agreement ] 

EXHIBIT A  
 FORM OF SENIOR SECURED CONVERTIBLE NOTE DUE 2023 

Exhibit A  
  To Securities Purchase Agreement  
 NEITHER THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE NOR THE SECURITIES INTO WHICH SUCH SECURITIES ARE CONVERTIBLE HAVE BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS.   THE SECURITIES MAY NOT BE OFFERED FOR SALE, SOLD, TRANSFERRED OR ASSIGNED (I) IN THE ABSENCE OF AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT FOR THE SECURITIES UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR (II) UNLESS SOLD PURSUANT TO RULE 144 UNDER SAID ACT. 
 UNILIFE CORPORATION 
 6% SENIOR SECURED CONVERTIBLE NOTE DUE 2023 

Issuance Date: [        ]  

Principal: U.S. $[             ]  

FOR VALUE RECEIVED,  Unilife Corporation, a Delaware corporation (  Holdings  ), and Unilife Medical Solutions, Inc., a Delaware corporation (  Solutions  , and together with Holdings and any other entity that may become a party hereto as provided herein, each a   Company   and, collectively the   Company  ), hereby promises to pay to Amgen Inc. or its registered assigns (  Amgen   or   Holder  ) the amount set out above opposite the caption   Principal   (as such amount may be increased or reduced from time to time pursuant to the terms hereof, whether through the payment of PIK Interest (as defined below) or through redemption, conversion or otherwise, the   Principal  ) when due, whether upon the Maturity Date (as defined below), acceleration, redemption or otherwise (in each case, in accordance with the terms hereof) and to pay Interest (as defined below) on the outstanding Principal at the rates, in the manner and at the times set forth herein.  This Senior Secured Convertible Note Due 2023 (including all Senior Secured Convertible Notes Due 2023 issued in exchange, transfer or replacement hereof, this   Note  ) is one of several Senior Secured Convertible Notes Due 2023 that may be issued pursuant to that certain Securities Purchase Agreement, dated February 22, 2016 (collectively, the   Notes   and such other Senior Secured Convertible Notes Due 2023, the   Other Notes  ).  Certain capitalized terms used herein are defined in Section 22.  Capitalized terms used herein but not defined shall have the meaning given to such terms in the Securities Purchase Agreement.  For the avoidance of doubt, unless otherwise expressly set forth herein, the Companies shall be jointly and severally responsible for the obligations of the  Company  or  Companies  set forth herein.  

(1)    PAYMENTS and PREPAYMENTS  .   Except as otherwise expressly set forth herein, the Note will be repaid through reductions in principal and/or interest in amounts equal to (i) []* discounted pricing on purchases by Amgen or its Affiliates of the Company s products purchased pursuant to one or more of the License Agreements, the Development and Supply Agreement (as defined in the License Agreements), or otherwise, (ii) credits taken by Amgen or its Affiliates against development and customization fees for devices, if applicable, pursuant to one or more of the License Agreements, the Development and Supply Agreement, or otherwise and (iii) credits against per-unit royalties otherwise payable to the Company pursuant to one or more of the License Agreements, the   Development and Supply Agreement, or otherwise for the manufacture and sale of the Company s products.  To the extent that more than one Note is outstanding, repayment shall be applied to the Notes in the order of their issuance. Within 10 days after the Company has closed its financial books and records with respect to a month, the Company shall provide the Holder with a monthly statement with respect to such month indicating the calculation of any reduction in Principal or Interest pursuant to the preceding sentence and the Principal and Interest outstanding as of the close of such month after giving effect to any such reduction.  On the Maturity Date and upon the surrender of this Note, the Company shall pay to the Holder in cash, an amount equal to any remaining outstanding Principal (if any) and accrued and unpaid Interest thereon.  The  Maturity Date  shall be February 22, 2023.  
 The Company may prepay any portion of the outstanding Principal or any accrued and unpaid Interest  on  the  terms  and  conditions  set  forth  below.    To  prepay  Holder  any  amount  of outstanding Principal or accrued and unpaid Interest (a   Prepayment Amount  ) on a given date (a   Prepayment Date  ), the Company shall transmit by facsimile (or otherwise deliver) to Holder, for receipt on or prior to 5:00 p.m., Eastern Time, on the twentieth (20th) Business Day prior to the proposed Prepayment Date, a notice of prepayment (a   Prepayment Notice  ) specifying the proposed Prepayment Amount and proposed Prepayment Date.   If, within the fifteen (15) Business Days following receipt of a Prepayment Notice, Holder delivers to the Company a Conversion Notice, then the Prepayment Amount on the applicable Prepayment Date shall be reduced by the Conversion Amount in such Conversion Notice (and, for the avoidance of doubt, if the Conversion Amount is greater than or equal to the Prepayment Amount, then no prepayment shall occur on the proposed Prepayment Date). 
 Following any such prepayment, Holder shall surrender this Note to a common carrier for delivery to the Company as soon as practicable on or following such date (or an indemnification undertaking with respect to this Note in the case of its loss, theft or destruction).  If this Note is physically surrendered pursuant to the foregoing sentence and the outstanding Principal and accrued and unpaid Interest of this Note is greater than the Prepayment Amount, then the Company shall as soon as practicable and in no event later than three (3) Business Days after receipt of this Note and at its own expense, issue and deliver to the Holder a new Note (in accordance with Section 12(d)).  Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Holder and the Company may agree to maintain records showing the portion of Principal and Interest prepaid and the applicable Prepayment Dates or use such other method, reasonably satisfactory to the Holder and the Company, so as not to require physical surrender of this Note upon prepayment.  In the event of a dispute in connection with a prepayment of this Note, the Company shall prepay to the  
 2 

Holder the portion of the proposed Prepayment Amount not in dispute and resolve such dispute in accordance with Section 17.  
 (2)   INTEREST.  
 (a) Interest on this Note (   Interest  ) shall commence accruing at the Interest Rate on the Issuance Date and shall be computed on the basis of a 360-day year and twelve 30-day months and the actual number of days elapsed and shall be payable in arrears for each Calendar Quarter on the first day of the succeeding Calendar Quarter 
 Maturity Date (each, an   Interest Date  ) with the first Interest Date being April 1, 201[ ].  Interest shall be payable on each Interest Date, to the record holder of this Note on the applicable Interest Date, through the addition of the amount of such Interest to the then outstanding Principal (  PIK Interest  ).  Interest that is paid in the form of PIK Interest shall be considered paid or duly provided for, for all purposes under this Note, and shall not be considered overdue. 
 (b) Accrued and unpaid Interest due on any portion of the Principal that is converted pursuant to Section 3 shall accrue through the Conversion Date and shall be paid on the next Interest Date, unless the entire outstanding Principal amount is being converted, in which case, the accrued and unpaid Interest shall be paid on the corresponding Share Delivery Date.  
 (3)   CONVERSION  OF  NOTES .  This  Note  shall  be  convertible into  shares  of Holdings  common stock, par value $0.01 per share (the   Common Stock  ), on the terms and conditions set forth in this Section 3. 
 (a)   Conversion Right .  At any time or times on or after the Issuance Date, the Holder shall be entitled to convert any portion of the outstanding and unpaid Conversion Amount (as defined below) into fully paid and non-assessable shares of Common Stock in accordance with Section 3(c), at the Conversion Rate (as defined below).  Holdings shall not issue any fraction of a share of Common Stock upon any conversion.  If the issuance would result in the issuance of a fraction of a share of Common Stock, Holdings shall  round  such  fraction  of  a  share  of  Common  Stock  up  to  the  nearest  whole share.  Holdings shall pay any and all transfer, stamp and similar taxes that may be payable with respect to the issuance and delivery of Common Stock upon conversion of any Conversion Amount. 
 (b)   Conversion Rate.   The number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of any Conversion Amount pursuant to Section 3(a) shall be determined by dividing (x) such Conversion Amount by (y) the Conversion Rate (as defined below). 

(i)   
 
   Conversion Amount   means the portion of the Principal to be converted, redeemed or otherwise with respect to which this determination is being made (which shall include PIK Interest, if applicable under Section 2(b)).    

 3 

(ii)   
 
       Conversion Rate    means as of any Conversion Date (as defined below) or other date of determination during the period beginning on the Issuance Date and ending on and including the Maturity Date, 90% of the Twenty Day VWAP of the Common Stock on the Trading Day immediately prior to the applicable Conversion Date (the     Discounted  Sale  Price       provided,      however,    that  if  the Discounted Sale Price is an amount less than the greater of (x) $1.25 per share,(y) the Closing Sale Price on the Trading Day immediately preceding the Issuance Date, and (z) the book value (as  calculated  in  accordance  with  the  rules  of  the  principal securities exchange or trading market of the Common Stock) on the Trading Day immediately preceding the Issuance Date, then the Conversion Rate shall be equal to the amount that is the greater of (x),(y) and (z) (the floor price set forth in the foregoing proviso,    Conversion Rate Floor Price   ).     

(iii)   
 
 Notwithstanding any other provision, at no time may the Company issue shares of Common Stock to Noteholder which, when aggregated with all other shares of Common Stock then deemed Beneficially Owned by Noteholder, would result in Noteholder becoming the Beneficial Owner of more than 19.99% of all Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to such issuance.    

 (c)   Mechanics of Conversion . 

(i)   
 
  Optional Conversion.    To convert any Conversion Amount into shares of Common Stock on any date (a   Conversion Date  ), the Holder shall (A) transmit by facsimile (or otherwise deliver), for receipt on or prior to 5:00 p.m., Eastern Time, on such date, a copy of an executed notice of conversion in the form attached hereto as  Exhibit I  (the   Conversion Notice  ) to Holdings and (B) if required by Section 3(c)(iii), surrender this Note to a common carrier for delivery to Holdings as soon as practicable on or following  such  date  (or  an  indemnification  undertaking  with respect to this Note in the case of its loss, theft or destruction). On or before the first (1 st ) Business Day following the date of receipt of a Conversion Notice, Holdings shall transmit by facsimile or email a confirmation of receipt of such Conversion Notice to the Holder and the Transfer Agent.   On or before the third (3rd) Business Day following the date of receipt of a Conversion Notice (the   Share Delivery Date  ), Holdings shall deliver the shares of Common Stock to which the Holder shall be entitled by Deposit/Withdrawal at Custodian (  DWAC  ) or other available means of electronic delivery through the Depository Trust Company.  If this Note is physically surrendered for conversion as     

 4 

required by Section 3(c)(iii) and the outstanding Principal of this Note is greater than the portion of the Conversion Amount constituting principal, then Holdings at its own expense shall as soon as practicable and in any event either (i) mail to the holder within three (3) Business Days after receipt of this Note a new Note (in accordance with Section 12(d)) representing the outstanding Principal not converted, or (ii) deliver to the Holder within five (5) Business Days after receipt of this Note a new Note (in accordance with Section 12(d)) representing the outstanding Principal not converted.  The Person or Persons entitled to receive Note  shall  be  treated  for  all  purposes  as  the  record  holder or holders of such shares of Common Stock on the Conversion Date to the extent permitted by applicable law.     

(ii)   
 
  Holdings  Failure to Timely Convert .   If Holdings shall fail to deliver via DWAC or issue a certificate to the Holder for the number of shares of Common Stock to which the Holder is entitled upon conversion of any Conversion Amount on or prior to the date which is three (3) Business Days after the Conversion Date (a   Conversion Failure  ), then (A) the Company shall pay damages in cash to the Holder for each date of such Conversion Failure in an amount equal to 1.5% of the product of (I) the sum of the number of shares of Common Stock not issued to the Holder on or prior  to  the  Share  Delivery  Date  and  to  which  the  Holder  is entitled, and (II) the Closing Sale Price of the Common Stock on the Share Delivery Date and (B) the Holder, upon written notice to Holdings, may void its Conversion Notice with respect to, and retain or have returned, as the case may be, any portion of this Note that has not been converted pursuant to such Conversion Notice; provided that the voiding of a Conversion Notice shall not affect the Company s obligations to make any payments which have accrued prior to  the  date of  such  notice pursuant  to  this Section 3(c)(ii) or otherwise.  At the Holder s option in lieu of the foregoing, if within three (3) Business Days after Holdings  receipt of the facsimile copy of a Conversion Notice Holdings shall fail to issue and deliver a certificate or shares via the DWAC system to the Holder for the number of shares of Common Stock to which the Holder is entitled upon such holder s conversion of any Conversion Amount, and  if  on  or  after  such  Trading Day  the Holder purchases (in an open market transaction or otherwise) Common Stock to deliver in satisfaction of a sale by the Holder of Common Stock issuable upon such conversion that the Holder anticipated receiving from  Holdings  (a    Common  Stock  Buy- In  ), then Holdings shall, within three (3) Business Days after the Holder s request (which shall include written evidence of a     

 5 

Common Stock Buy-In) and in the Holder s discretion, either (i) pay cash to the Holder in an amount equal to the Holder s total purchase price (including brokerage commissions, if any) for the shares of Common Stock so purchased (the    Common Stock Buy- In Price   ), at which point Holdings  obligation to deliver such certificate (and to issue such Common Stock) shall terminate, or (ii) promptly honor its obligation to deliver to the Holder a certificate or certificates representing such Common Stock and pay cash to the Holder in an amount equal to the excess (if any) of the Common Stock Buy-In Price over the product of (A) such number of shares of Common Stock, times (B) the Conversion Rate on the Conversion Date.     

(iii)   
 
  Book-Entry .   Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth herein, upon conversion of any portion of this Note in accordance with  the  terms  hereof,  the  Holder  shall  not  be  required  to physically surrender this Note to Holdings unless (A) the full Principal represented by this Note is being converted, together with all accrued and unpaid Interest thereon, or (B) the Holder has provided Holdings with prior written notice (which notice may be included in  a  Conversion Notice) requesting reissuance of  this Note upon physical surrender of this Note.   The Holder and Holdings shall maintain records showing the portion of Principal and Interest converted and the dates of such conversions or shall use such other method, reasonably satisfactory to the Holder and Holdings, so as not to require physical surrender of this Note upon conversion.    

(iv)   
 
  Disputes .   In the event of a dispute as to the number of shares of Common Stock issuable to the Holder in connection with a conversion of this Note, Holdings shall issue to the Holder the number of shares of Common Stock not in dispute and resolve such dispute in accordance with Section 17.    

(v)   
 
  Sale or Transfer into Australia .  The purpose of the issue and sale of this Note is not to facilitate the subsequent sale or transfer of this Note or shares of Common Stock issuable to the Holder on conversion of this Note (or grant, issue or transfer any interest in or option over such shares of Common Stock (including CDIs over such shares of Common Stock) into Australia within 12 months following the date of issue of this Note or shares of Common Stock issuable  on  conversion  of  this  Note  (as  applicable)  by  the Company.    

 (d)   Hart-Scott-Rodino . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Note, in the event that any conversion of this Note is subject to the provisions of the  
 6 

Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976, as amended (the    HSR Act   ), the conversion by the Holder of this Note and the issuance by the Company of shares of Common Stock required by such conversion shall be subject to the expiration or earlier termination of the waiting period under the HSR Act.  
 (4)   EVENTS OF DEFAULT; RIGHTS UPON EVENT OF DEFAULT . 
 (a)   Events  of  Default .    Each of the following events (so long as it is continuing) shall constitute an   Event of Default  : 

(i)   
 
 Holdings  (A) failure to cure a Conversion Failure with respect to any of the Notes by delivery of the required number of shares of Common Stock within ten (10) Business Days after the applicable Conversion Date or (B) written notice to the Holder, or by way of public announcement by Holdings, at any time, of its intention not to comply with a request for conversion of any Notes into shares of Common Stock that is tendered for conversion in compliance with the provisions of the Notes and applicable securities laws;    

(ii)   
 
 the  Company s  failure  to  pay  to  the  Holder  any  amount  of Principal, premium (if any), Interest, or other amounts when and as due under this Note (including, without limitation, the Company s failure to pay any redemption payments hereunder), any other Transaction Document or any other agreement, document, certificate or other instrument delivered in connection with the transactions  contemplated  hereby  and  thereby  to  which  such Holder is a party, provided, that such failure shall constitute an Event of Default only if such failure continues for a period of at least five (5) Business Days after the Company s receipt of written notice from the Holder of the failure to pay;    

(iii)   
 
 any acceleration prior to maturity of (A) any Indebtedness of the Company arising under the OrbiMed Credit Agreement or (B) any Indebtedness of  the  Company, other than  the  Notes  or  arising under the OrbiMed Credit Agreement, in an aggregate principal amount in excess of $1,000,000;    

(iv)   
 
 the Company, pursuant to or within the meaning of Title 11, U.S. Code, or any similar Federal, foreign or state law for the relief of debtors (collectively,   Bankruptcy Law  ), (A) commences a voluntary case, (B) consents to the entry of an order for relief against it in an involuntary case, (C) consents to the appointment of a receiver, trustee, assignee, liquidator or similar official (a   Custodian  ), (D) makes a general assignment for the benefit of its creditors, or (E) admits in writing, after the date on which this     

 7 

Note is originally issued to the initial Holder, that it is generally unable to pay its debts as they become due;     

(v)   
 
 a court of competent jurisdiction enters an order or decree under any Bankruptcy Law that (A) is for relief against the Company in an involuntary case, (B) appoints a Custodian of the Company or (C) orders the liquidation of the Company;    

(vi)   
 
 a  final  judgment  or  judgments  for  the  payment  of  money aggregating in excess of $1,000,000 are rendered against the Company and which judgments are not, within sixty (60) days after the entry thereof, bonded, discharged or stayed pending appeal, or are not discharged within sixty (60) days after the expiration of such stay; provided, however, that any judgment which is covered by insurance or an indemnity from a creditworthy party shall not be included in calculating the $1,000,000 amount set forth above so long as the Company provides the Holder with a written statement from such insurer or indemnity provider (which written statement shall be reasonably satisfactory to the Holder) to the effect that such judgment is covered by insurance or an indemnity;    

(vii)   
 
 any  representation  or  warranty  made  by  the  Company  in  any Transaction Document or any License Agreement shall prove to be materially false  or  misleading as  of  the  date  made or  deemed made;    

(viii)   
 
 the Company shall materially breach any covenant or other term or condition of any Transaction Document or License Agreement and such material breach continues for a period of at least ten (10) consecutive Business Days (or, if the applicable cure period within such Transaction Document or License Agreement, as applicable, is longer, within such cure period) after written notice thereof is received by the Company from Amgen;    

(ix)   
 
 any material provision of any Transaction Document or License Agreement ceases to be of full force and effect other than by its terms, or the Company contests in writing (or supports any other person in contesting) the validity or enforceability of any provision of any Transaction Document or License Agreement or the validity or priority of a Lien as required by the Collateral Documents on a material portion of the Collateral;    

(x)   
 
 the execution or effectiveness of (i) any waiver or termination of, or amendment to, any amendment contemplated in Section 2 of either of the OrbiMed Amendments (as such term is defined in the     

 8 

Securities Purchase Agreement), or (ii) any other agreement, amendment or waiver that alters or affects or may alter or affect any  amendment  contemplated  in  Section 2  of  either  of  the OrbiMed Amendments (as such term is defined in the Securities Purchase Agreement), in each case, without Holder s prior written consent;     

(xi)   
 
 (A)  any  Collateral Document  shall  for  any  reason  (other  than pursuant to the terms thereof) cease to create a valid and perfected lien (other than by the action or failure to take action by the Holder), with the priority required by the Collateral Documents, on, and security interest in, any material portion of the Collateral purported to be covered thereby, subject to Permitted Liens or (B) any Lien created or purported to be created by the Collateral Documents shall cease to have the same Lien priority established or  purported  to  be  established  by  the  Intercreditor  Agreement (other than by the action or failure to take action by the Holder); or    

(xii)   
 
 the incurrence of any lien on the Collateral that is not a Permitted Lien if such Lien is not discharged within five (5) consecutive Business Days.    

 (b)   Right of  Holder upon  Default .    Upon  the occurrence of  an Event of Default with respect to this Note, the Company shall, within one (1) Business Day of the date on which the Company becomes aware of or reasonably should have become aware of such Event of Default, deliver written notice thereof via facsimile and overnight courier (an   Event of Default Notice  ) to the Holder.  Upon the occurrence of any Event of Default (other than an Event of Default described in Sections 4(a)(iv) and 4(a)(v)) and at any time thereafter during the continuance of such Event of Default, the Holder may, by written notice to the Company (an   Event of Default Redemption Notice  ), declare all outstanding Obligations payable by the Company hereunder to be immediately due and payable without presentment, demand, protest or any other notice of any kind, all of which are hereby expressly waived, anything contained herein or in the other Transaction Documents to  the  contrary notwithstanding.   Upon  the occurrence of  any Event of Default described in Sections 4(a)(iv) and 4(a)(v) immediately and without notice, all outstanding Obligations payable by the Company hereunder shall automatically become immediately due and payable, without presentment, demand, protest or any other notice of any kind, all of which are hereby expressly waived, anything contained herein or in the other  Transaction  Documents  to  the  contrary  notwithstanding.    In  addition  to  the foregoing remedies, upon the occurrence and during the continuance of any Event of Default, the Holder may exercise any other right, power or remedy granted to it by the Transaction Documents or otherwise permitted to it by law, either by suit in equity or by action at law, or both.   If the Holder has submitted an Event of Default Redemption Notice in accordance with this Section 4(b), then the Company shall deliver the Event of Default Redemption Price to the Holder within five (5) Business Days after the delivery of the Event of Default Redemption Notice. 
 9 

(5)    REDEMPTION UPON CHANGE OF CONTROL  .  No later than ten (10) days prior to the consummation of a Change of Control (or such shorter period prior to the occurrence of a Change of Control that the Company may have knowledge of the occurrence thereof), the Company shall deliver written notice thereof via facsimile and overnight courier to the Holder (a    Change of Control Notice   ). On the date of the consummation of the Change of Control (or, if the Company does not have knowledge of the occurrence of a Change of Control at least ten (10) days prior to the occurrence thereof, then within five (5) days after the Company obtains knowledge of the occurrence thereof), the Company shall redeem any outstanding portion of this Note in cash at a price equal to 101% of the aggregate Principal amount thereof, plus accrued and unpaid Interest, if any, to but excluding the Redemption Date (the    Change of Control Redemption Price   ).   Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section 5, until the Change of Control Redemption Price has been tendered for payment in full, the Conversion Amount and any Interest submitted for redemption under this Section 5 may be converted, in whole or in part, by the Holder into Common Stock pursuant to Section 3 and the Change of Control Redemption Price shall no longer be due or payable with respect to any Conversion Amount and Interest so converted into shares of Common Stock.  
 (6)   RIGHTS UPON ISSUANCE   OF  PURCHASE  RIGHTS. If at any time the Company grants, issues or sells any Options, Convertible Securities or rights to purchase stock, warrants, securities or other property pro rata to the record holders of any class of Common Stock (the   Purchase Rights  ), then the Holder will be entitled to acquire, upon the terms applicable to such Purchase Rights, the aggregate Purchase Rights which the Holder could have acquired if  the  Holder had held the  number of  shares  of  Common Stock acquirable upon complete conversion of this Note (without taking into account any limitations or restrictions on the convertibility of this Note) immediately before the date on which a record is taken for the grant, issuance or sale of such Purchase Rights, or, if no such record is taken, the date as of which the record holders of Common Stock are to be determined for the grant, issue or sale of such Purchase Rights. 
 (7)   RIGHTS UPON ISSUANCE OF OTHER SECURITIES . 
 (a)   Pro Rata Distributions.    If Holdings, at any time while this Note is outstanding, distributes to all holders of Common Stock (i) evidences of its Indebtedness, (ii) any security (other than a distribution of Common Stock covered by the preceding paragraph), (iii) rights or warrants to subscribe for or purchase any security, or (iv) any other asset (in each case   Distributed Property  ), then, unless taken into account pursuant to Section 7(b) below, upon any conversion of this Note that occurs after such record date, the Holder shall be entitled to receive, in addition to the shares of Common Stock otherwise issuable upon such conversion, the Distributed Property that the Holder would have been entitled to receive in respect of such number of shares of Common Stock immediately prior to such record date. 
 (b)   Adjustment  of   Conversion  Rate   Floor   Price   upon   Subdivision  or Combination of Common Stock .  If Holdings at any time on or after the Issuance Date subdivides (by any stock split, stock dividend, recapitalization or otherwise) one or more classes of its outstanding shares of Common Stock into a greater number of shares, the  
 10 

Conversion Rate Floor Price in effect immediately prior to such subdivision will be proportionately decreased.    If  Holdings  at  any  time  on  or  after  the  Issuance  Date combines (by combination, reverse stock split or otherwise) one or more classes of its outstanding shares of Common Stock into a smaller number of shares, the Conversion Rate Floor Price in effect immediately prior to such combination will be proportionately increased.  
 (8)   NONCIRCUMVENTION .  The Company hereby covenants and agrees that the Company will not, by amendment of its Certificate of Incorporation, Bylaws or through any reorganization, transfer of assets, consolidation, merger, scheme of arrangement, dissolution, issue or sale of securities, or any other voluntary action, avoid or seek to avoid the observance or performance of any of the terms of this Note, and will at all times in good faith carry out all of the provisions of this Note and take all action as may be required to protect the rights of the Holder of this Note. 
 (9)   REDEMPTIONS .  In the event of a redemption of less than all of the Principal of this Note under Section 4(b), the Company shall promptly cause to be issued and delivered to the Holder (after such original Note has been delivered to the Company) a new Note representing the outstanding Principal that has not been redeemed.  In the event that the Company does not pay the required redemption amount to the Holder within the time period required under Section 
 4(b), at any time thereafter and until the Company pays such amount in full, the Holder shall have the option, in lieu of redemption, to require the Company to promptly return to the Holder all or any portion of this Note representing the amount of Principal that was submitted for redemption and for which the redemption amount has not been paid.   Upon the Company s receipt of such notice, (x) the redemption notice shall be null and void with respect to such amount and (y) the Company shall immediately return this Note, or issue a new Note to the Holder representing such amount. 
 (10)   RIGHTS .   Except as otherwise provided for herein, the Holder shall have no rights as a stockholder of the Company as a result of being a holder of this Note, except as required by law, including, but not limited to, the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware, and as expressly provided in this Note. 
 (11)   COVENANTS . 
 (a)   Rank . All payments due under this Note shall rank  pari passu  with all Other Notes. 
 (12)   REISSUANCE OF THIS NOTE . 
 (a)   Transfer . If this Note is to be transferred in compliance with the Securities Purchase Agreement, the Holder shall surrender this Note to the Company, whereupon the Company will forthwith issue and deliver upon the order of the Holder a new Note, registered as the Holder may request, representing the outstanding Principal being transferred by the Holder and, if less than the entire outstanding Principal is being  
 11 

transferred, a new Note to the Holder representing the outstanding Principal not being transferred.  The Holder and any assignee, by acceptance of this Note, acknowledge and agree that, by reason of the provisions of Section 3(c)(iii), following conversion or redemption of any portion of this Note, the outstanding Principal represented by this Note may be less than the Principal stated on the face of this Note. The Holder is not acquiring this Note for the purpose of selling or transferring this Note or the shares of Common Stock issuable on conversion of this Note (or granting, issuing or transferring any interest in or option over this Note or such shares of Common Stock (including CDIs over such shares of Common Stock)) into Australia, and the Holder will not sell this Note or any shares of Common Stock issuable on conversion of this Note into Australia, within 12 months following the date of issue of this Note or shares of common stock issuable on conversion of this Note (as applicable) by the Company   unless such resale offer is exempt from the requirement to issue a disclosure document under section 708 or 708A of the   Corporations Act 2001   (Cth).  
 (b)   Lost, Stolen or Mutilated Note . Upon receipt by the Company of evidence reasonably satisfactory to the Company of the loss, theft, destruction or mutilation of this Note, and, in the case of loss, theft or destruction, of an indemnification undertaking by the Holder to the Company, in customary form and, in the case of mutilation, upon surrender and cancellation of this Note, the Company shall execute and deliver to the Holder a new Note representing the outstanding Principal. 
 (c)   Note Exchangeable for Different Denominations .      This Note is exchangeable, upon the surrender hereof by the Holder at the principal office of the Company,  for  a  new  Note  or  Notes  representing  in  the  aggregate  the  outstanding Principal of this Note, and each such new Note will represent such portion of such outstanding Principal as is designated by the Holder at the time of such surrender. 
 (d)   Issuance of New Notes .   Whenever the Company is required to issue a new Note pursuant to the terms of this Note, such new Note (i) shall be of like tenor with this Note, (ii) shall represent, as indicated on the face of such new Note, the Principal remaining outstanding, (iii) shall have an issuance date, as indicated on the face of such new Note which is the same as the Issuance Date of this Note, (iv) shall have the same rights and conditions as this Note, and (v) shall represent accrued and unpaid Interest of this Note from the Issuance Date. 
 (13)   REMEDIES, CHARACTERIZATIONS, OTHER OBLIGATIONS, BREACHES AND INJUNCTIVE RELIEF . 
 (a) The remedies provided in this Note shall be cumulative and in addition to all other remedies available under this Note and any of the other Transaction Documents, at law or in equity (including a decree of specific performance and/or other injunctive relief), and nothing herein shall limit the Holder s right to pursue monetary damages for any failure by the Company to comply with the terms of this Note.  Amounts set forth or provided for herein with respect to payments, conversion and the like (and the computation thereof) shall be the amounts to be received by the Holder and shall not,   
 12 

except as expressly provided herein, be subject to any other obligation of the Company (or the performance thereof).  The Company acknowledges that a breach by it of its obligations hereunder will cause irreparable harm to the Holder and that the remedy at law for any such breach may be inadequate.  The Company therefore agrees that, in the event of any such breach or threatened breach, the Holder shall be entitled, in addition to all other available remedies, to an injunction restraining any breach, without the necessity of showing economic loss and without any bond or other security being required.  
 (b) Notwithstanding the foregoing, the right of the Holder to receive payment of Principal, premium, if any, and Interest on the Note, on or after the respective due dates set forth herein (including in connection with a Change of Control), or convert any portion of the Note into shares of Common Stock on the terms and conditions set forth herein, or to bring suit for the enforcement of any such right to payment or conversion, shall not be impaired or affected without the consent of the Holder.  
 (14)   PAYMENT OF COLLECTION, ENFORCEMENT AND OTHER COSTS .  If (a) this Note is placed in the hands of an attorney for collection or enforcement or is collected or enforced through any legal proceeding or the Holder otherwise takes action to collect amounts due under this Note or to enforce the provisions of this Note or (b) there occurs any bankruptcy, reorganization, receivership of the Company or other proceedings affecting Company creditors  
 rights and involving a claim under this Note, then the Company shall pay the costs incurred by the Holder for such collection, enforcement or action or in connection with such bankruptcy, reorganization, receivership or other proceeding, including, but not limited to, reasonable attorneys  fees and disbursements. 
 (15)   CONSTRUCTION; HEADINGS .  This Note shall be deemed to be jointly drafted by the Company and the Holder and shall not be construed against any person as the drafter hereof.  The headings of this Note are for convenience of reference and shall not form part of, or affect the interpretation of, this Note. 
 (16)   FAILURE OR INDULGENCE NOT WAIVER .  No failure or delay on the part of the Holder in the exercise of any power, right or privilege hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise of any such power, right or privilege preclude other or further exercise thereof or of any other right, power or privilege. 
 (17)   DISPUTE RESOLUTION .  In the case of a dispute as to the determination of the Closing Sale Price, the Closing Sale Price, the Redemption Price or the arithmetic calculation of the Conversion Rate or the Redemption Price, the Company shall submit the disputed determinations or arithmetic calculations via facsimile within one (1) Business Day of receipt, or deemed receipt, of the Conversion Notice or other event giving rise to such dispute, as the case may be, to the Holder.   If the Holder and the Company are unable to agree upon such determination or calculation of the Redemption Price or the Conversion Rate, as applicable, within one (1) Business Day of such disputed determination or arithmetic calculation being submitted to the Holder, then the Company and the Holder shall, within one (1) Business Day thereafter submit via facsimile the disputed determination of the Closing Sale Price, the Closing  
 13 

Sale Price, to an independent, reputable investment bank or accounting firm selected by the Holder and approved by the Company, such approval not to be unreasonably withheld.   The Company, at the Company s expense, shall cause the investment bank or the accounting firm, as the case may be, to perform the determinations or calculations and notify the Company and the Holder of the results no later than five (5) Business Days from the time it receives the disputed determinations or calculations.  Such investment bank s or accounting firm s determination or calculation, as the case may be, shall be binding upon all parties absent manifest error.  
 (18)   NOTICES; PAYMENTS . 
 (a)   Notices .  Whenever notice is required to be given under this Note, unless otherwise provided herein, such notice shall be given in accordance with Section 10.3 of the Securities Purchase Agreement.  The Company shall provide the Holder with prompt written notice of all actions taken pursuant to this Note, including in reasonable detail a description of such action and the reason therefore. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Company will give written notice to the Holder (i) within one (1) Business Day upon any adjustment of the Conversion Rate Floor Price, setting forth in reasonable detail, and certifying, the calculation of such adjustment and (ii) at least ten (10) days prior to the date on which Holdings closes its books or takes a record (A) with respect to any dividend or distribution upon the Common Stock, (B) with respect to any pro rata subscription offer to holders of Common Stock or (C) for determining rights to vote with respect to any Change of Control, dissolution or liquidation, provided in each case that such information shall be made known to the public prior to or in conjunction with such notice being provided to the Holder. 
 (b)   Payments .  Whenever any payment of cash is to be made by the Company to any Person pursuant to this Note, such payment shall be made in lawful money of the United States of America by a check drawn on the account of the Company and sent via overnight courier service to such Person at such address as previously provided to the Company in writing (which address shall initially be as set forth in Section 10.3 of the Securities Purchase Agreement); provided that the Holder may elect to receive a payment of cash via wire transfer of immediately available funds by providing the Company with prior written notice setting out such request and the Holder s wire transfer instructions. Whenever any amount expressed to be due by the terms of this Note is due on any day which is not a Business Day, the same shall instead be due on the next succeeding day which is a Business Day. 
 (c)   Withholding Taxes .  All payments made by the Company hereunder shall be made without withholding for or on account of any present or future taxes (other than overall net income taxes imposed on  the recipient).   If  any such withholding is so required, the Company shall make the withholding, pay the amount withheld to the appropriate authority before penalties attach thereto or interest accrues thereon and pay to the recipient such additional amount as may be necessary to ensure that the net amount actually received by the recipient free and clear of such taxes (including taxes on such additional amount) is equal to the amount that the recipient would have received had such withholding not been made. If the recipient is required to pay any such taxes, penalties or  
 14 

interest, the Company shall reimburse the recipient for that payment on demand.  If the Company pays any such taxes, penalties or interest, it shall deliver official tax receipts or other evidence of payment to the recipient on whose account such withholding was made on or before the thirtieth day after payment.   The Holder agrees to provide, promptly following the Company s request therefore, such forms or certifications as it is legally able to provide to establish an exemption from, or a reduction in, any withholding taxes that might otherwise apply.  
 (19)   CANCELLATION .  After all Principal, accrued Interest and other amounts at any time owed on this Note have been paid in full, this Note shall automatically be deemed canceled, shall be surrendered to the Company for cancellation and shall not be reissued. 
 (20)   WAIVER OF NOTICE .   To the extent permitted by law, the Company hereby waives  demand, notice,  protest  and  all  other  demands and  notices  in  connection with  the delivery, acceptance, performance, default or enforcement of this Note and the Securities Purchase Agreement. 
 (21)   GOVERNING LAW .  This Note shall be construed and enforced in accordance with, and all questions concerning the construction, validity, interpretation and performance of this Note shall be governed by, the internal laws of the State of New York. 
 (22)   CERTAIN DEFINITIONS .  For purposes of this Note, the following terms shall have the following meanings: 
 (a)    Affiliate   has the meaning ascribed to such term in Rule 12b-2 of the General Rules and Regulations under the Exchange Act. 
 (b)    Bankruptcy Code   means Chapter 11 of Title 11 of the United States Code, as amended from time to time and any successor statute and all rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. 
 (c)    Bankruptcy Law   has the meaning assigned to it in Section 4(a)(iv) hereof. 
 (d)    Beneficial Ownership   has the meaning set forth in Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act. 
 (e)    Bloomberg   means Bloomberg Financial Markets. 
 (f)    Business Day   means any day other than Saturday, Sunday or other day on which commercial banks in the City of New York are authorized or required by law to remain closed. 
 (g)    Calendar  Quarter    means  each  of  the  period  beginning  on  and including July 1 and ending on and including September 30; and the period beginning on and including October 1 and ending on and including December 31; the period beginning  
 15 

on and including January 1 and ending on and including March 31; the period beginning on and including April 1 and ending on and including June 30.  
 (h)    CDIs    means  CHESS  Depositary  Interests  representing  shares  of Common Stock (in the ratio of one (1) share of Common Stock to six (6) CHESS Depositary Interests). 
 (i)    Company   has the meaning assigned to it in the introduction hereof. 
 (j)    Convertible Securities   means any evidences of Indebtedness, capital stock (other than shares of Common Stock) or other securities directly or indirectly convertible into or exchangeable for shares of Common Stock. 
 (k)    Change  of  Control    means:  (1)  the  Holdings     shall,  directly  or indirectly, in one or more related transactions consolidate or merge with or into (whether or not the Company is the surviving corporation) a Person or Persons (other than an Affiliate of the Company); provided, however, that the term  Change of Control  shall not include any consolidation or merger of Holdings where the stockholders of Holdings immediately prior to the consolidation or merger would be, immediately after the consolidation or merger, the Beneficial Owner, directly or indirectly, of shares representing in the aggregate 50% or more of the combined voting power of the securities of the entity issuing cash or securities in the consolidation or merger (or of its ultimate the parent entity, if any), or (2) that Holdings shall, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions sell, assign, transfer, license, convey or otherwise dispose of all or substantially all of the assets of Holdings to a Person or Persons (other than an Affiliate of the Company), or (3) a Person or Persons acting in concert make a purchase, tender or exchange offer that is accepted by the holders of more than the 50% of the outstanding shares of Common Stock (not including any shares of Common Stock held by the Person or Persons making or party to, or associated or affiliated with the Persons making or party to, such purchase, tender or exchange offer), or (4) any Person (other than the initial Holder or its Affiliates) or  group  of related Persons, is or becomes the Beneficial Owner, directly or indirectly, of 50% or more of the Common Stock of Holdings, or (5) the Company shall, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions consummate a securities purchase agreement or business combination (including, without limitation, a reorganization, recapitalization, spin-off) with a Person or Persons, in one or more related transactions, whereby such Person(s) acquire Beneficial Ownership (without regard to any conversion limitations or delays on the securities convertible into Common Stock, if any)  of  more  than  50%  of  the  number  of  shares  of  Common  Stock  issued  and outstanding, or (6) reorganize, recapitalize or reclassify its Common Stock (other than a stock split, reverse stock split or other transaction contemplated by Section 7(b)), or (7) a majority of the Board of Directors of Holdings are not Continuing Directors, or (8) the Company shall sell or, other than to a customer in the ordinary course of business, grant an exclusive license to the Collateral to another Person. 
 (l)    Change of Control Notice   has the meaning assigned to it in Section 5 hereof. 
 16 

(m)     Change of Control Redemption Price    has the meaning assigned to it in Section 5 hereof.  
 (n)    Closing Sale Price   means, for any security as of any date, the last closing bid price and last closing trade price, respectively, for such security, as reported by Bloomberg (whether or not such security is trading on an Eligible Market at such time), or, if the market on which the security is trading begins to operate on an extended hours basis and does not designate the closing bid price or the closing trade price, as the case may be, then the last bid price or last trade price, respectively, of such security prior to 4:00:00 p.m., New York Time, as reported by Bloomberg, or, if the market on which the security is trading is not the principal securities exchange or trading market for such security, the last closing bid price or last trade price, respectively, of such security on the principal securities exchange or trading market where such security is listed or traded as reported by Bloomberg, or if the foregoing do not apply, the last closing bid price or last trade price, respectively, of such security in the over-the-counter market on the electronic bulletin board for such security as reported by Bloomberg, or, if no closing bid price or last trade price, respectively, is reported for such security by Bloomberg, the average of the bid prices, or the ask prices, respectively, of any market makers for such security as reported in the  pink sheets  by Pink Sheets LLC (formerly the National Quotation Bureau, Inc.).  If the Closing Sale Price cannot be calculated for a security on a particular date on any of the foregoing bases, the Closing Sale Price, as the case may be, of such security on such date shall be the fair market value as mutually determined by the Company and the Holder.  If the Company and the Holder are unable to agree upon the fair market value of such security, then such dispute shall be resolved pursuant to Section 17.  All such determinations to be appropriately adjusted for any stock dividend, stock split, stock combination or other similar transaction during the applicable calculation period. 
 (o)    Collateral    has  the  meaning  given  to  such  term  in  the  Security Agreement. 
 (p)    Commission     means   the   United   States   Securities   and   Exchange Commission. 
 (q)    Common Stock   has the meaning assigned to it in Section 3 hereof. 
 (r)    Common  Stock  Buy-In    has  the  meaning assigned  to  it  in  Section 3(c)(ii) hereof. 
 (s)    Common Stock Buy-In Price   has the meaning assigned to it in Section 3(c)(ii) hereof. 
 (t)    Contingent Obligation   means, as to any Person, any direct or indirect liability, contingent or otherwise, of that Person with respect to any indebtedness, lease, dividend or other obligation of another Person if the primary purpose or intent of the Person incurring such liability, or the primary effect thereof, is to provide assurance to  
 17 

the obligee of such liability that such liability will be paid or discharged, or that any agreements relating thereto will be complied with, or that the holders of such liability will be protected (in whole or in part) against loss with respect thereto.  
 (u)    Continuing  Director    means,  as  of  any  date  of  determination,  any member of the Board of Directors of Holdings who: (1) was a member of such Board of Directors on the Issuance Date or (2) was nominated for election or elected to the Board of Directors with the approval of a majority of the Continuing Directors who were members of the Board of Directors at the time of such nomination or election. 
 (v)    Conversion Amount   has the meaning assigned to it in Section 3(b)(i) hereof. 
 (w)    Conversion  Date    has  the meaning assigned  to  it  in  Section 3(c)(i) hereof. 
 (x)    Conversion Failure   has the meaning assigned to it in Section 3(c)(ii) hereof. 
 (y)    Conversion Notice   has the meaning assigned to it in Section 3(c)(i) hereof. 
 (z)    Conversion Rate   has the meaning assigned to it in Section 3(b)(ii) hereof. 
 (aa)    Custodian   has the meaning assigned to it in Section 4(a)(iv) hereof. 
 (bb)    Discounted Sale Price   has the meaning assigned to it in Section 3(b)(ii) hereof. 
 (cc)    Distributed Property   has the meaning assigned to it in Section 7(a) hereof. 
 (dd)    DWAC   has the meaning assigned to it in Section 3(c)(i) hereof. 
 (ee)    Eligible Market   means a national security exchange that has registered with the Commission under Section 6 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 
 (ff)    Event of Default   has the meaning assigned to it in Section 4(a) hereof.  
 (gg)    Event of Default Notice   has the meaning assigned to it in Section 4(b) hereof. 
 (hh)    Event of Default Redemption Notice   has the meaning assigned to it in Section 4(b) hereof. 
 18 

(ii)     Event of Default Redemption Price    means a price equal to 100% of the aggregate Principal amount thereof, plus accrued and unpaid Interest, if any, to but excluding the Redemption Date.  
 (jj)    Exchange Act    has  means the Securities Exchange Act  of  1934,  as amended. 
 (kk)    GAAP   means U.S. generally accepted accounting principles consistently applied. 
 (ll)    Holder   has the meaning assigned to it in the introduction hereof. 
 (mm)    Indebtedness   means (1) all indebtedness for borrowed money, (2) all obligations issued, undertaken or assumed as the deferred purchase price of property or services (including, without limitation,  capital leases  in accordance with GAAP) (other than trade payables entered into in the ordinary course of business), (3) all reimbursement or payment obligations with respect to letters of credit, surety bonds and other similar instruments, (4) all obligations evidenced by notes, bonds, debentures or similar instruments, including obligations so evidenced incurred in connection with the acquisition of property, assets or businesses, (5) all indebtedness created or arising under any conditional sale or other title retention agreement, or incurred as financing, in either case with respect to any property or assets acquired with the proceeds of such indebtedness (even though the rights and remedies of the seller or bank under such agreement in the event of default are limited to repossession or sale of such property), (6) all monetary obligations under any leasing or similar arrangement which, in connection with GAAP, consistently applied for the periods covered thereby, is classified as a capital lease, (7) all indebtedness referred to in clauses (1) through (6) above secured by (or for which the holder of such Indebtedness has an existing right, contingent or otherwise, to be secured by) any mortgage, lien, pledge, charge, security interest or other encumbrance upon or in any property or assets (including accounts and contract rights) owned by any Person, even though the Person which owns such assets or property has not assumed or become liable for the payment of such indebtedness, and (8) all Contingent Obligations in respect of indebtedness or obligations of others of the kinds referred to in clauses (1) through (7) above. 
 (nn)    Interest   has the meaning assigned to it in Section 2(a) hereof. 
 (oo)    Interest Date   has the meaning assigned to it in Section 2(a) hereof. 
 (pp)    Interest Rate   means six percent (6.0%) per annum. 
 (qq)    Issuance Date   means [ ], 201[ ].  
 (rr)    License Agreements   means (i) the License Agreement, dated as of February 5, 2016, by and among Amgen Inc., Holdings and Solutions and (ii) the Unilife Product License Agreement, dated as of February 22, 2016, by and among Amgen Inc., Holdings and Solutions. 
 19 

(ss)     Lien    means any claim, mortgage, deed of trust, levy, charge, license, lien, pledge, charge, security interest or other similar encumbrance of any kind, whether voluntarily incurred or arising by operation of law or otherwise upon or in any property or assets (including accounts and contract rights) owned by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries.  
 (tt)    Maturity Date   has the meaning assigned to it in Section 1 hereof. 
 (uu)    Note   has the meaning assigned to it in the introduction hereof. 
 (vv)    Note Delivery Date   has the meaning assigned to it in Section 3(c)(i) hereof. 
 (ww)    Obligations   shall mean and include all loans, advances, debts, liabilities and obligations, howsoever arising, owed by the Company to the Holder of every kind and description, now existing or hereafter arising under or pursuant to the terms of this Note  and  the  other  Transaction  Documents,  including,  all  interest,  fees,  charges, expenses, attorneys  fees and costs and accountants  fees and costs chargeable to and payable by the Company hereunder and thereunder, in each case, whether direct or indirect, absolute or contingent, due or to become due, and whether or not arising after the commencement of a proceeding under the Bankruptcy Code (including post-petition interest) and whether or not allowed or allowable as a claim in any such proceeding. 
 (xx)    Options   means rights, options or warrants to subscribe for, purchase or otherwise acquire shares of Common Stock or Convertible Securities. 
 (yy)    OrbiMed Credit  Agreement    means  that  certain Credit  Agreement, dated as of March 12, 2014, by and among Unilife Medical Solutions, Inc., as borrower, and ROS Acquisition Offshore LP, as lender (as the same may be amended, restated, supplemented or modified from time to time). 
 (zz)    Other Notes   has the meaning assigned to it in the introduction hereof. 
 (aaa)    Permitted Lien   has the meaning ascribed to such term in the Security Agreement. 
 (bbb)    Person   means and includes all natural persons, corporations, business trusts, associations, companies, partnerships, joint ventures, limited liability companies and other entities and governments and agencies and political subdivisions. 
 (ccc)    PIK Interest   has the meaning assigned to it in Section 2(a) hereof.  
 (ddd)   Principal   has the meaning assigned to it in the introduction hereof.  
 (eee)     Purchase Rights   has the meaning assigned to it in Section 6 hereof. 
 20 

(fff)     Redemption Price    means either an Event of Default Redemption Price or Change of Control Redemption Price.  
 (ggg)    Register   has the meaning assigned to it in Section 24 hereof. 
 (hhh)    Security Agreement   means that certain security agreement dated as of the Initial Closing Date by and among Unilife Corporation and Amgen Inc., pursuant to which the Notes were secured. 
 (iii)    Securities Purchase Agreement   means that certain securities purchase agreement dated as of the Issuance Date by and among Unilife Corporation and Amgen Inc., pursuant to which the Company issued the Notes.  
 (jjj)    Share Delivery Date   has the meaning assigned to it in Section 3(c)(i) hereof. 
 (kkk)    Solutions   has the meaning assigned to it in the introduction hereof. 
 (lll)    Trading Day   means any day on which the Common Stock is traded on the Principal Market, or, if the Principal Market is not the principal trading market for the Common Stock, then on the principal securities exchange or securities market on which the Common Stock is then traded; provided that  Trading Day  shall not include any day on which the Common Stock is scheduled to trade on such exchange or market for less than 4.5 hours or any day that the Common Stock is suspended from trading during the final hour of trading on such exchange or market (or if such exchange or market does not designate in advance the closing time of trading on such exchange or market, then during the hour ending at 4:00:00 p.m., New York Time). 
 (mmm)    Twenty Day VWAP   means, for any security as of any date, the volume weighted average price of such security during the twenty (20) Trading Days preceding such date (whether or not such security is trading on an Eligible Market at such time).  If the Twenty Day VWAP cannot be calculated for a security on a particular date on the foregoing basis, the Twenty Day VWAP of such security on such date shall be the fair market value as mutually determined by the Company and the Holder.  If the Company and the Holder are unable to agree upon the fair market value of such security, then such dispute shall be resolved pursuant to Section 17.   All such determinations to be appropriately adjusted for any stock dividend, stock split, stock combination or other similar transaction during the applicable calculation period. 
 (23)   SECURITY .   The Notes shall be secured by and to the extent provided in the Security Agreement. 
 (24)   PERMITTED TRANSFERS .  If this Note is transferred pursuant to the terms of the Securities Purchase Agreement, the Company and any Holder shall comply with the terms of Section 10.6(b) of the Securities Purchase Agreement. 
 21 

(25)    REGISTERED OBLIGATION  .   The Company shall establish and maintain a record of ownership (the    Register   ) in which it will register the interest of the initial Holder and of each subsequent assignee in this Note, and the right to receive any payments of principal and interest or any other payments hereunder, and any assignment of any such interest. Notwithstanding anything  herein  to  the  contrary,  this  Note  is  intended  to  be  treated  as  a registered obligation for federal income tax purposes and the right, title, and interest of the Holder and its assignees in and to payments under this Note shall be transferable only upon notation of such transfer in the Register. This Section shall be construed so that the Note is at all times maintained in  registered form  within the meaning of Sections 163(f), 871(h)(2) and 881(c)(2) of the Internal Revenue Code and any related regulations (or any successor provisions of the Code or such regulations).  
 [Signature Page Follows] 

22 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF  , the Company has caused this Note to be duly executed as of the Issuance Date set out above.  

UNILIFE CORPORATION  

By:  

Name:  

Title:  

UNILIFE MEDICAL SOLUTIONS, INC.,  

By:  

Name:  

Title:  

N ote  

EXHIBIT I  
 UNILIFE CORPORATION  
 CONVERSION NOTICE 
 TO BE EXECUTED BY THE REGISTERED HOLDER TO CONVERT THIS NOTE INTO COMMON STOCK 
 Reference is made to the Senior Secured Convertible Note due 2023 (the   Note  ) issued to the undersigned by Unilife Corporation (  Holdings  ). In accordance with and pursuant to the Note, the undersigned hereby elects to convert the Conversion Amount (as defined in the Note) of the Note indicated below into shares of Common Stock, par value $0.01 per share (the   Common Stock  ), of Holdings as of the date specified below.  The undersigned hereby makes the representations and warranties set forth in Section 5 of the Securities Purchase Agreement. 

Date of Conversion:   

Aggregate Conversion Amount to be converted:  

Please confirm the following information:  

Conversion Rate:   

Number of shares of Common Stock to be issued:   

Common Stock Beneficially Owned:   

Please issue the Common Stock into which the Note is being converted in the following name and to the following address: 

Issue to:  

Facsimile Number:   

Authorization:  

By:  

Title:  

Dated:   

Account Number:  

(if electronic book entry transfer)  

Transaction Code Number:   

(if electronic book entry transfer)  

ACKNOWLEDGMENT  
 Holdings hereby acknowledges this Conversion Notice and hereby directs _____________________,  Holdings   transfer  agent  (the    Transfer  Agent  ),  to issue the above indicated number of shares of Common Stock in accordance with the Transfer Agent Instructions dated _______ ___, 20__ from Holdings and acknowledged and agreed to by Transfer Agent. 

UNILIFE CORPORATION  

By:  

Name:  

Title:  

EXHIBIT B  
 FORM OF SECURITY AGREEMENT 
 SECURITY AGREEMENT 
 This SECURITY AGREEMENT (this   Agreement  ), dated as of February 22, 2016 (the   Effective Date  ), among Unilife Medical Solutions, Inc., a Delaware corporation (  Solutions  ), and Unitract Syringe Pty Ltd, a company registered in Western Australia with ACN 101 059 723 (  Syringe   and together with Solutions, and any other entity that may become a party hereto as provided herein, each a   Company   and, collectively, the   Company   or   Companies  ), and Amgen Inc. (and its successors and assigns, the   Noteholder  ) provides the terms on which the Notes (and any note issued in full or partial replacement thereof) are secured. The parties agree as follows: 
 1.   ACCOUNTING AND OTHER TERMS; SCHEDULES AND EXHIBITS.  
 1.1 Capitalized terms not otherwise defined in this Agreement shall have the meanings set forth in Section 9 and if not therein defined, the meanings set forth in the Securities Purchase Agreement or the Notes, as applicable. All other terms contained in this Agreement, unless otherwise indicated, shall have the meaning provided by the Code to the extent such terms are defined therein.  
 1.2 This Agreement includes each of the following Schedules and Exhibits, all of which are incorporated into this Agreement by this reference, as each may be amended or supplemented from time to time in accordance with the terms and conditions here.  
 Schedule 1 Company Information  
 Schedule 2 []* Patents  
 Exhibit A Description of the Collateral   
 Exhibit B Security Agreement Supplement   
 Exhibit C Patent Security Agreement   
 Exhibit D Non-Disturbance Agreement  
 2.   CREATION OF SECURITY INTEREST  
 2.1   Grant of Security Interest .  Each Company hereby grants to the Noteholder, to secure the payment and performance in full of all of the Obligations, a continuing security interest in, and continuing lien on, and pledges to the Noteholder, the Collateral owned by such Company, wherever located, whether now owned or hereafter acquired or arising, and all proceeds and products thereof (excluding, for the avoidance of doubt, proceeds with respect to any license agreements entered into by any Company with customers in the ordinary course of business). Each Company represents, warrants, and covenants that the security interest granted herein is and shall at all times continue to be a first priority perfected security interest in the Collateral. 
 1 

2.2    Authorization to File Documents Evidencing Security Interest.    Each Company hereby authorizes the Noteholder to file financing or continuation statements, and amendments thereto, and intellectual property security agreements or take any other action as the Noteholder may determine, in its sole discretion, is required to perfect, confirm, continue or enforce the Noteholder s security interests in the Collateral, without notice to any Company, with all appropriate jurisdictions and with any filing offices, including without limitation, the United States Patent and Trademark Office and the corresponding offices of other jurisdictions and countries, or to perfect, confirm, continue or enforce Noteholder s interest or rights hereunder. For the avoidance of doubt, no control agreements with respect to deposit, commodities or securities accounts will be required by this Agreement.  The Companies shall furnish to the Noteholder from time to time statements and schedules further identifying and describing the Collateral and such other reports in connection with the Collateral as the Noteholder may reasonably request, all in reasonable detail.  Each Company hereby authorizes the Noteholder to amend   Schedule 2   to include reference to any right, title or interest in any existing Intellectual Property or any Intellectual Property acquired or developed by such Company after the execution hereof or to delete any reference to any right, title or interest in any Intellectual Property in which such Company no longer has or claims any right, title or interest.  
 2.3   Subordination and Non-Disturbance .  Noteholder hereby confirms and agrees that the security interests granted hereunder and otherwise to secure the Notes are and shall be subject to any license agreement entered into by the Company with a customer in the ordinary course of business that (a) was entered into prior to the date of any foreclosure on the Collateral by Noteholder in accordance with the terms hereof (the   Foreclosure Date  ) and (b) is permitted hereunder (each such license agreement, a   Pre-Foreclosure License Agreement  ).   Subject to any rights to terminate any Pre-Foreclosure License Agreement as a result of the applicable licensee s default thereunder, the Pre-Foreclosure License Agreements shall remain in full force and effect following the Foreclosure Date.  To the extent requested by the Company, Noteholder agrees to enter into a non-disturbance agreement in the form attached hereto as  Exhibit D  with respect to any license agreement (x) entered into after the date hereof but prior to the Foreclosure Date and (y) permitted hereunder. 
 3.   REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES  
 Each Company represents and warrants to Noteholder as follows at all times: 
 3.1   Existence; Authorization: Power and Authority.  
 (a) Each Company has indicated in   Schedule 1  hereto (as such schedule may be amended or supplemented from time to time after the Effective Date):  (a) its exact legal name; (b) the type of organization of such Company; (c) the jurisdiction of organization of such Company; (d) the organizational identification number or accurate statement that such Company has none; (e) the place of business, or, if more than one, its chief executive office as well as such Company s mailing address (if different than its chief executive office); and (f) confirmation that such Company (and each of its respective predecessors) has not, in the past five (5) years, changed its jurisdiction of organization, organizational structure or type, or any organizational number assigned by its jurisdiction.  If a Company is not now a Registered Organization but later becomes one, such Company shall notify Noteholder of such occurrence in writing and provide  
 2 

Noteholder with its organizational identification number within five (5) Business Days of receiving such organizational identification number.  
 (b) The execution, delivery and performance by each Company of the Transaction Documents to which it is a party have been duly authorized, and do not (i) conflict with any of such Company s organizational documents, including the Operating Documents, (ii) contravene, conflict with, constitute a default under or violate any material Requirement of Law, (iii) contravene, conflict or violate any applicable order, writ, judgment, injunction, decree, determination or award of any Governmental Entity by which such Company, or any of such Company s respective Subsidiaries, or any of their property or assets may be bound or affected, (iv) require any action by, filing, registration, or qualification with, or Governmental Approval from, any Governmental Entity (except such Governmental Approvals which have already been obtained and are in full force and effect) or are being obtained, or (v) constitute an event of default under any material agreement by which such Company, or any of such Company s Subsidiaries, or their respective properties, is bound. No Company is in default under any agreement to which it is a party or by which it or any of its assets is bound in which, in either case, such default could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.  
 3.2   Collateral  
 (a) Each Company has good title to, has rights in, and the power to transfer each item of the Collateral upon which it purports to grant a Lien under the Transaction Documents, free and clear of any and all Liens except Permitted Liens on the Collateral.  
 (b) Syringe is the sole owner of the Intellectual Property it purports to own, except for Patent Licenses granted by any Unilife Entity to its customers in the ordinary course of business.  No Company is a party to, nor is bound by, any material license or other material agreement with respect to which any Company is the licensee that (i) prohibits or otherwise restricts such Company from granting a security interest in such Company s interest in such material license or material agreement or any other property, or (ii) for which a default under or termination of could interfere with the Noteholder s right to sell any Collateral.  The Companies shall provide written notice to the Noteholder within thirty (30) days of entering into or becoming bound by any material license or other material agreement that relates in any way to the Collateral, provided, however, that the Companies shall be entitled to exclude from such notice any information for which it has obligations of confidentiality that would restrict disclosure of such information to Noteholder.  The Companies shall take such commercially reasonable steps as the Noteholder requests to obtain the consent of, or waiver by, any Person whose consent or waiver is necessary for the Noteholder to have the ability in the event of a liquidation of any Collateral to dispose of such Collateral in accordance with the Noteholder s rights and remedies under this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents.  
 3 

(c)  (i) Upon the filing of all financing statements naming any Company as  debtor  and the Noteholder as  secured party  and describing the Collateral and other filings delivered by such Company, and (ii) to the extent perfection or priority of a security interest therein not subject to Article 9 of the Code, upon recordation of the security interests granted hereunder in Intellectual Property in the applicable intellectual property registries, including but not limited to the United States Patent and Trademark Office and the corresponding offices of other jurisdictions and countries and the Australian Personal Property Security Register, the security interests granted to the Noteholder hereunder shall constitute valid and perfected first priority Liens (subject in the case of priority only to Permitted Liens on such Collateral).  
 (d) Other than the financing statements filed in favor of the Noteholder, no effective financing statement, fixture filing or other instrument similar in effect under any applicable law covering all or any part of the Collateral is on file in any filing or recording office except for financing statements filed in connection with Permitted Liens on the Collateral.  
 (e) No authorization, approval or other action by, and no notice to or filing with, any Governmental Entity or regulatory body is required for either (i) the pledge or grant by each Company of the Liens purported to be created in favor of the Noteholder hereunder or (ii) the exercise by the Noteholder of any rights or remedies in respect of any Collateral (whether specifically granted or created hereunder or created or provided for by applicable law), except for the filings contemplated by clause (c) above.  
 3.3   Intellectual Property .  The Companies represent, as of the Effective Date, that:  
 (a)   Schedule 2  sets forth a true and complete list of all United States, state and foreign registrations of and applications for the []* Patents. 
 (b) Syringe is the sole and exclusive owner of the entire right, title, and interest in and to the Patents listed on   Schedule 2 , free and clear of all Liens, claims, encumbrances and licenses, except for Permitted Liens on the Collateral. 
 (c) All registrations and applications for the []* Patents are standing in the name of Syringe, and none of such []* Patents has been licensed by Syringe to any Affiliate or third party with the exception of material transfer agreements with limited licenses for customers to evaluate the device.  
 (d) To the Companies  knowledge, the []* Patents are valid, subsisting and in full force and effect to their natural term.  
 (e) The Companies are not subject to any action or claim, is not aware of any potential action or claim, and has not received any notice or claim challenging (i) any Company s ownership of or right to use or exploit any Intellectual Property or (ii) the validity or enforceability of any Intellectual Property.  
 (f) No claim has been made that the practice or exploitation of all or any part of the Intellectual Property infringes, misappropriates, dilutes or otherwise violates the rights of any third party.  
 4 

4.    COVENANTS  
 Each Company shall, and shall cause each other Unilife Entity that owns or possesses any Collateral to, do all of the following: 
 4.1   Changes in Legal Name, Jurisdiction of Organization, Etc.   Not change its name, identity, corporate or company structure (e.g., by merger, consolidation, change in corporate or company form or otherwise), sole place of business, chief executive office, type of organization or jurisdiction of organization or establish any trade names unless it shall have (A) notified the Noteholder in writing, by executing and delivering to the Noteholder a completed Security Agreement Supplement, together with all supplements to Schedules thereto, upon not less than thirty (30) days prior written notice, identifying such new proposed name, identity, corporate or company structure, sole place of business, chief executive office, jurisdiction of organization or trade name and providing such other information in connection therewith as the Noteholder  may reasonably request and (B) taken all actions necessary or advisable to maintain the continuous validity, perfection and the same or better priority of the Noteholder s security interest in the Collateral intended to be granted and agreed to hereby. 
 4.2   Collateral.    Not take or permit any action which could impair the Noteholder s rights in the Collateral. 
 4.3   Government Compliance.  
 (a) Maintain its legal existence and good standing in their respective jurisdictions of organization and maintain qualification in each jurisdiction in which the failure to so qualify could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.  Each Company shall comply with all laws, ordinances and regulations to which it is subject, the noncompliance with which could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.  
 (b) Obtain and keep in full force and effect, all of the Governmental Approvals necessary for the performance by each Company of the Obligations and the grant of a security interest to the Noteholder in all of the Collateral.  
 4.4   Intellectual Property.  
 (a) To the extent any Company, following the Effective Date, creates, acquires, licenses or otherwise comes into control of any Intellectual Property that does not exist as of the Effective Date, such Company will, within thirty (30) days following its creation, acquisition, license or first date of control of such Intellectual Property (i) provide written notice of the same to Noteholder, (ii) update, or permit Noteholder to update,   Schedule 2  to reflect such Intellectual Property, and (iii) if requested by Noteholder, execute and deliver to the Noteholder a Patent Security Agreement with respect to such Intellectual Property, including, without limitation, any and all Patents included therein. Any such additional Intellectual Property shall, whether or not such written notice has been given by any Company, automatically constitute Collateral and be subject to the lien and security interest created by this Agreement without further action by either party. 
 5 

(b)  Take, at its expense, all commercially reasonable steps, including, without limitation, in the United States Patent and Trademark Office and the corresponding offices of other jurisdictions and countries, to pursue applications for (including, if requested by Noteholder, participation in fast track procedures) and registration, issuance, maintenance, defense, and enforcement of each Patent now or hereafter included in the Intellectual Property.  
 (c) Not do or permit any act or knowingly omit to do any act whereby any of the Intellectual Property may lapse, be terminated or abandoned, or become invalid or unenforceable or placed in the public domain except as may occur in the natural expiration of such Intellectual Property.  
 (d) Take all commercially reasonable steps, at its expense, to preserve, protect and defend each item of the Intellectual Property.  
 (e) Not enter into any settlement, covenant not to sue, or other agreement, in each case that would impair the ownership, validity or enforceability of any Intellectual Property.  
 (f) Provide Noteholder with prompt written notice of (i) any material change in the composition of the Intellectual Property, (ii) the allowance, grant, or registration of any Patent included in the Intellectual Property, (iii) an intent to abandon any of the Intellectual Property in advance of its natural expiration in order for Noteholder to take control of the prosecution and maintenance thereof, and (iv) any event that could reasonably be expected to adversely affect the value of the Intellectual Property or Noteholder s rights with respect to the Intellectual Property under this Agreement.  
 4.5   Further Assurances .  From time to time, at its sole expense, promptly execute and deliver all further instruments and documents, and take all further action, that may be necessary, or that the Noteholder may reasonably request, in order to create and/or maintain the validity, perfection or priority of and protect any security interest granted or purported to be granted hereby or to enable the Noteholder to exercise and enforce its rights and remedies hereunder with respect to any Collateral.  Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Companies shall: 
 (i) file or authorize the filing of such financing or continuation statements, or amendments thereto, and execute and deliver such other agreements, instruments, endorsements, powers of attorney or notices, as may be necessary or desirable, or as the Noteholder may reasonably request, in order to perfect and preserve the security interests granted or purported to be granted hereby;  
 (ii) take all commercially reasonable actions necessary to ensure the recordation of appropriate evidence of the liens and security interest granted hereunder in the Intellectual Property with any intellectual property registry in which said Intellectual Property are registered or in which an application for registration is pending including, without limitation, the United States Patent and Trademark Office and the corresponding offices of other jurisdictions and countries, the various secretaries of state, and the foreign counterparts of any of the foregoing;  
 (iii) at the Noteholder s reasonable request, appear in and defend any action or proceeding that may affect any Company s title to or the Noteholder s security interest in all or any part of the Collateral; and  
 6 

(iv)  promptly upon the reasonable request of the Noteholder, execute and deliver any Collateral Documents and any other agreements, documents or instruments and take all actions that may be necessary or desirable, in each case, in connection with an assignment permitted by Section 11.5 of the Securities Purchase Agreement.  
 4.6   Encumbrance . Not create, incur, allow, or suffer any Lien on the Collateral, except for Permitted Liens on the Collateral, or permit any Collateral not to be subject to the first priority security interest granted herein, or enter into any agreement, document, instrument or other arrangement (except with or in favor of the Noteholder) with any Person which directly or indirectly prohibits or has the effect of prohibiting any Company, or any other Unilife Entity, from assigning, mortgaging, pledging, granting a security interest in or upon, or encumbering any Intellectual Property, except as permitted under the OrbiMed Credit Agreement and the definition of  Permitted Liens  herein. 
 4.7   Pay and Performance Undertakings :  (a) ensure the Obligations are duly and punctually paid to the Noteholder in accordance with the Transaction Documents (and, to the extent not paid, pay the Obligations itself); and (b) ensure that no Event of Default occurs.  The Company must duly and punctually comply with its obligations under the Transaction Documents. 
 5.   RIGHTS AND REMEDIES  
 Notwithstanding any other provision of the Transaction Documents, the rights and remedies of the Noteholder shall be subject in all respects to the Intercreditor Agreement. 
 5.1   Rights and Remedies.  
 (a) Without limiting the rights of the Noteholder set forth in Section 4(b) of each Note, upon the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, the Noteholder shall have the right, without notice or demand, to do any or all of the following:  
 (i) foreclose upon and/or sell or otherwise liquidate, the Collateral;  
 (ii) apply to the Obligations any (a) balances and deposits of any Company that the Noteholder holds or controls, or (b) any amount held or controlled by the Noteholder owing to or for the credit or the account of any Company;  
 (ii) exercise any and all rights and remedies of each Company under or in respect of the Collateral;  
 (iv) exercise in respect of the Collateral, in addition to all other rights and remedies provided for herein or otherwise available to it at law or in equity, all the rights and remedies of the Noteholder on default under the Code (whether or not the Code applies to the affected Collateral) to collect, enforce or satisfy any Obligations then owing, whether by acceleration or otherwise, and also may, without notice except as required under the Code, sell, assign, lease, license (on an exclusive or nonexclusive basis) or otherwise dispose of the Collateral or any part thereof in one or more parcels at public or private sale, at any of the Noteholder s offices or   
 7 

elsewhere, for cash, on credit or for future delivery, at such time or times and at such price or prices and upon such other terms as the Noteholder may deem commercially reasonable; and/or  
 (b) Without limiting the rights of the Noteholder set forth in Sections 3 of the Notes or 5.1(a) above, upon the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default the Noteholder shall have the right, without notice or demand, to do any or all of the following:  
 (i) make any payments and do any acts it considers necessary or reasonable to protect the Collateral and/or its security interest in the Collateral.  The Companies shall assemble the Collateral if the Noteholder requests and make it available in a location as Noteholder reasonably designates.  The Noteholder may enter premises where the Collateral is located, take and maintain possession of any part of the Collateral, and pay, purchase, contest, or compromise any Lien which appears to be prior or superior to the Noteholder s security interest and pay all expenses incurred.  Each Company grants the Noteholder a license to enter and occupy any of its premises, without charge, to exercise any of the Noteholder s rights or remedies;  
 (ii) ship, reclaim, recover, store, finish, maintain, repair, prepare for sale, and/or advertise for sale, the Collateral.  The Noteholder is hereby granted a non-exclusive, royalty-free license or other right to use, without charge, each Company s labels, Patents, copyrights, mask works, rights of use of any name, trade secrets, trade names, trademarks, service marks, and advertising matter, or any similar property, whether now or hereafter acquired, as it pertains to the Collateral, in completing production of, advertising for sale, and/or selling any Collateral and, in connection with the Noteholder s exercise of its rights under this Section 5.1;  
 (iii) demand and receive possession of each Company s Books; and  
 (iv) subject to Section 4(b) of the Notes and clauses 5.1(a) and (b) above, exercise all rights and remedies available to the Noteholder under the Transaction Documents or at law or equity, including all remedies provided under the Code (including disposal of the Collateral pursuant to the terms thereof).  
 (c) Anything contained herein to the contrary notwithstanding, upon the occurrence and during the continuation of an Event of Default:  
 (i) The Noteholder shall have the right (but not the obligation) to bring suit or otherwise commence any action or proceeding in the name of each Company, the Noteholder or otherwise, in the Noteholder s sole discretion, to enforce any Intellectual Property, in which event the Company shall, at the request of the Noteholder, do any and all lawful acts and execute any and all documents required by the Noteholder in aid of such enforcement and the Companies shall promptly, upon demand, reimburse and indemnify the Noteholder as provided in Section 9.7(a) of the Securities Purchase Agreement in connection with the exercise of its rights under this Section, and, to the extent that the Noteholder shall elect not to bring suit to enforce any Intellectual Property as provided in this Section, each Company agrees to use all reasonable measures, whether by action, suit, proceeding or otherwise, to prevent the infringement or other violation of any of such Company s rights in the Intellectual Property by any other Person and for that purpose agrees to diligently maintain any action, suit or proceeding against any Person so infringing as shall be necessary to prevent such infringement or violation;  
 8 

(ii)  The Noteholder shall have the right to notify, or require any Company to notify, any obligors with respect to Proceeds due or to become due to such Company in respect of the Collateral, of the existence of the security interest created herein, to direct such obligors to make payment of all such amounts directly to the Noteholder, and, upon such notification and at the expense of the Companies, to enforce collection of any such amounts and to adjust, settle or compromise the amount or payment thereof, in the same manner and to the same extent as each Company might have done;  
 (1) all amounts and proceeds (including checks and other instruments) received by any Company in respect of Proceeds due to it in respect of the Collateral or any portion thereof shall be received in trust for the benefit of the Noteholder hereunder, shall be segregated from other funds of such Company and shall be forthwith paid over or delivered to the Noteholder in the same form as so received (with any necessary endorsement) to be applied as set forth in Section 5.1 of this Agreement; and  
 (2) No Company shall adjust, settle or compromise the amount or payment of any such Proceeds or release wholly or partly any obligor with respect thereto or allow any credit or discount thereon;  
 (iii) in the event that any Intellectual Property is owned by any Affiliate of any Company in contravention of Section 3.3, the Noteholder shall have the right to require such Affiliate of such Company to execute and deliver to the Purchaser the Collateral Documents, including, without limitation, a supplement to the Security Agreement and a Patent Security Agreement, or any other documents, agreements or instruments reasonably requested by the Purchaser to evidence its first priority Lien on all right, title and interests of such Affiliate in the Intellectual Property.  
 (d) Promptly upon the request of the Noteholder, each Company shall execute and deliver to the Noteholder an assignment or assignments of the Intellectual Property or such other documents as are necessary or appropriate to carry out the intent and purposes of this Article 5.  
 (e) In connection with the exercise of remedies pursuant to Section 5.1(a), (b) and (c) of this Agreement, the Noteholder may be the purchaser of any or all of the Collateral at any public or private (to the extent that the portion of the Collateral being privately sold is of a kind that is customarily sold on a recognized market or the subject of widely distributed standard price quotations) sale in accordance with the Code and the Noteholder shall be entitled, for the purpose of bidding and making settlement or payment of the purchase price for all or any portion of the Obligations sold at any such sale made in accordance with the Code, to use and apply any of the Notes as a credit on account of the purchase price for any Collateral payable by the Noteholder at such sale.  Each purchaser at any such sale shall hold the property sold absolutely free from any claim or right on the part of any Company, and each Company hereby waives (to the extent permitted by applicable law) all rights of redemption, stay and/or appraisal which it now has or may at any time in the future have under any rule of law or statute now existing or hereafter enacted.  Each Company agrees that, to the extent notice of sale shall be required by law, at least ten (10) days  notice to such Company of the time and place of any public sale or the time after which any private sale is to be made shall constitute reasonable notification.  The Noteholder shall not be obligated to make any sale of Collateral regardless of notice of sale having been   
 9 

given.  The Noteholder may adjourn any public or private sale from time to time by announcement at the time and place fixed therefor, and such sale may, without further notice, be made at the time and place to which it was so adjourned.  Each Company agrees that it would not be commercially unreasonable for the Noteholder to dispose of the Collateral or any portion thereof by using Internet sites that provide for the auction of assets of the types included in the Collateral or that have the reasonable capability of doing so, or that match buyers and sellers of assets.  Each Company hereby waives any claims against the Noteholder arising by reason of the fact that the price at which any Collateral may have been sold at such a private sale was less than the price which might have been obtained at a public sale, even if the Noteholder accepts the first offer received and does not offer such Collateral to more than one offeree.  If the proceeds of any sale or other disposition of the Collateral are insufficient to pay all the Obligations, each Company shall be liable for the deficiency and the fees of any attorneys employed by the Noteholder to collect such deficiency.  Each Company further agrees that a breach of any of the covenants contained in this Section 5.1 will cause irreparable injury to the Noteholder, that the Noteholder has no adequate remedy at law in respect of such breach and, as a consequence, that each and every covenant contained in this Section 5.1 shall be specifically enforceable against such Company, and each Company hereby waives and agrees not to assert any defenses against an action for specific performance of such covenants except for a defense that no default has occurred giving rise to the Obligations becoming due and payable prior to their stated maturities. Nothing in this Section 5.1 shall in any way alter the rights of the Noteholder hereunder.  
 (f) The Noteholder may sell the Collateral in connection with the exercise of remedies pursuant to Section 5.1(a), (b) or (c) of this Agreement without giving any warranties as to the Collateral.  The Noteholder may specifically disclaim or modify any warranties of title or the like.  This procedure will not be considered to adversely affect the commercial reasonableness of any sale of the Collateral.  
 (g) The Noteholder shall have no obligation to marshal any of the Collateral.   
 Notwithstanding any provision of this Section 5.1 to the contrary, upon the occurrence of any Event of Default, the Noteholder shall have the right to exercise any and all remedies referenced in this Section 5.1. 
 5.2   Power of Attorney.  
 (a) Each Company hereby irrevocably appoints the Noteholder as its lawful attorney-in-fact, exercisable upon the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, to: (i) endorse such Company s name on any checks or other forms of payment or security in connection with the Collateral; (ii) make, settle, and adjust all claims under such Company s insurance policies relating to the Collateral; (iii) pay, contest or settle any Lien, charge, encumbrance, security interest, and adverse claim in or to the Collateral, or any judgment based thereon, or otherwise take any action to terminate or discharge the same that the Noteholder may deem necessary or desirable for the collection of any of the Collateral or otherwise enforce its rights with respect to any of the Collateral; (iv) transfer the Collateral into the name of the Noteholder or a third party as the Code or any applicable law permits, including, without limitation, by executing one or more assignments of the Intellectual Property and recording such assignments with the United States Patent and Trademark Office and the corresponding offices   
 10 

of other jurisdictions and countries; (v) prepare and file any financing statements and continuations and amendments thereof against such Company as debtor in connection with the Collateral; (vi) prepare, sign, and file for recordation in any intellectual property registry, appropriate evidence of the lien and security interest granted herein in the Intellectual Property in the name of such Company as assignor or debtor; (vii) take or cause to be taken all actions necessary to perform or comply or cause performance or compliance with the terms of this Agreement, including, without limitation, access to pay or discharge taxes or Liens (other than Permitted Liens on the Collateral) levied or placed upon or threatened against the Collateral, the legality or validity thereof and the amounts necessary to discharge the same to be determined by the Noteholder in its sole discretion, any such payments made by the Noteholder to become obligations of such Company to the Noteholder, due and payable immediately without demand; and (viii) generally to sell, transfer, pledge, make any agreement with respect to or otherwise deal with any of the Collateral as fully and completely as though the Noteholder were the absolute owner thereof for all purposes, and to do, at the Noteholder s option and such Company s sole expense, at any time or from time to time, all acts and things that the Noteholder deems reasonably necessary to protect, preserve or realize upon the Collateral and the Noteholder s security interest therein in order to effect the intent of this Agreement, all as fully and effectively as such Company might do.  
 (b) Each Company hereby appoints the Noteholder as its lawful attorney-in-fact to sign such Company s name on any documents necessary to perfect or continue the perfection of the Noteholder s security interest in the Collateral regardless of whether an Event of Default has occurred until all Obligations (other than inchoate indemnity obligations) have been satisfied in full. The Noteholder s foregoing appointment as such Company s attorney-in-fact, and all of the Noteholder s rights and powers, coupled with an interest, are irrevocable until all Obligations (other than inchoate indemnity obligations) have been fully repaid and performed.  
 5.3   No Duty on the Part of the Noteholder.   The Noteholder shall be accountable only for amounts that it actually receives as a result of the exercise of such powers, and neither the Noteholder nor any of its respective officers, directors, employees or agents shall be responsible to any Company for any act or failure to act hereunder, except for its own gross negligence or willful misconduct as determined by a final, non-appealable judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction. 
 5.4   Protective Payments . If any Company fails to pay any amount which such Company is obligated to pay under this Agreement or any other Transaction Document, the Noteholder may make such payment, and all amounts so paid by the Noteholder are obligations and immediately due and payable, bearing interest at the rate set forth for the indebtedness under the Note, and secured by the Collateral.  The Noteholder will make reasonable efforts to provide each Company with notice of the Noteholder making such payment at the time it is paid or within a reasonable time thereafter.  No such payments by the Noteholder are deemed an agreement to make similar payments in the future or the Noteholder s waiver of any Event of Default. 
 5.5   Application of Payments and Proceeds . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, upon the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, (a) each Company irrevocably waives the right to direct the application of any  
 11 

and all payments at any time or times thereafter received by the Noteholder from or on behalf of such Company of all or any part of the Obligations, and, as between such Company on the one hand and the Noteholder on the other, the Noteholder shall have the continuing and exclusive right to apply and to reapply any and all payments received against the Obligations in such manner as the Noteholder may deem advisable notwithstanding any previous application by the Noteholder, and (b) the proceeds of any sale of, or other realization upon all or any part of the Collateral shall be applied: first, to the Noteholder s expenses; second, to accrued and unpaid interest on the Obligations (including any interest which, but for the provisions of the United States Bankruptcy Code, would have accrued on such amounts); third, to the principal amount of the Obligations outstanding; and fourth, to any other indebtedness or obligations of such Company owing to the Noteholder under the Transaction Documents.  Any balance remaining shall be delivered to Companies or to whoever may be lawfully entitled to receive such balance or as a court of competent jurisdiction may direct.  
 5.6   Sales on Credit .  If the Noteholder sells any of the Collateral in connection with the exercise of remedies pursuant to Section 5.1(a), (b) or (c) of this Agreement upon credit, the Companies will be credited only with payments actually made by the purchaser thereof and received by the Noteholder and applied to indebtedness of the purchaser thereof.  In the event the purchaser fails to pay for the Collateral, the Noteholder may resell the Collateral and the Companies shall be credited with proceeds of the sale actually received by the Noteholder and applied to indebtedness to the purchaser thereof. 
 5.7   Liability for Collateral .  So long as the Noteholder complies with reasonable practices regarding the safekeeping of the Collateral in the possession or under the control of the Noteholder, the Noteholder shall not be liable or responsible for: (a) the safekeeping of the Collateral; (b) any loss or damage to the Collateral; (c) any diminution in the value of the Collateral; or (d) any act or default of any carrier, warehouseman, bailee, or other Person. The Company bears all risk of loss, damage or destruction of the Collateral. 
 5.8   No Waiver; Remedies Cumulative . The Noteholder s failure, at any time or times, to require strict performance by any Company of any provision of this Agreement or any other Transaction Document shall not waive, affect, or diminish any right of the Noteholder thereafter to demand strict performance and compliance herewith or therewith. No waiver hereunder shall be effective unless signed by the Noteholder and then is only effective for the specific instance and purpose for which it is given. The Noteholder s rights and remedies under this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents are cumulative. The Noteholder has all rights and remedies provided under the Code, any applicable law, by law, or in equity. The Noteholder s exercise of one right or remedy is not an election, and the Noteholder s waiver of any Event of Default is not a continuing waiver. The Noteholder s delay in exercising any remedy is not a waiver, election, or acquiescence. 
 5.9   Demand Waiver.  Each Company waives, to the fullest extent permitted by law, demand, notice of default or dishonor, notice of payment and nonpayment, notice of any default, nonpayment at maturity, release, compromise, settlement, extension, or renewal of accounts, documents, instruments, chattel paper, and guarantees held by the Noteholder on which such Company is liable. 
 12 

6.    CONTINUING SECURITY INTEREST; TRANSFER OF RIGHTS UNDER TRANSACTION DOCUMENTS  .   Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, this Agreement shall create a continuing security interest in the Collateral that shall remain in full force and effect until the Obligations have been paid in full in cash or in kind or the Notes have been converted in accordance with their terms, be binding upon each Company, its successors and assigns, and inure, together with the rights and remedies of the Noteholder hereunder, to the benefit of the Noteholder and its successors, transferees and assigns.  Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Noteholder may assign or otherwise transfer any rights held by it under the Transaction Documents to any other Person only in connection with a transfer permitted under Section 10.6 of the Securities Purchase Agreement, and such other Person shall thereupon become vested with all the benefits in respect thereof granted to the Noteholder in the Transaction Documents.  If this Agreement is terminated, the Noteholder s Lien in the Collateral shall continue until the Obligations (other than contingent obligations not then due and payable) are repaid in full in cash or in kind or the Notes have been converted in accordance with their terms. Upon the payment in full in cash or in kind of the Obligations or conversion of the Notes in accordance with their terms (other than contingent obligations not then due and payable), the security interest granted hereby shall automatically terminate and all rights to the Collateral shall revert to the Companies.  Upon any such termination, the Noteholder shall, at the Companies  sole expense, execute and deliver to the Companies or otherwise authorize the filing of such release documents as the Companies shall reasonably request, including financing statement amendments to evidence such termination, in each case, such documents to be in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Noteholder and without representation or warranty by, or recourse to, the Noteholder.  Upon any transfer of property permitted by the Transaction Documents, the Liens granted herein shall be deemed to be automatically released and such property shall automatically revert to the Companies (or transferee) with no further action on the part of any Person.  The Noteholder shall, at the Companies  sole expense, execute and deliver or otherwise authorize the filing of such documents as any Company shall reasonably request, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Noteholder and without representation or warranty by, or recourse to, the Noteholder, including financing statement amendments to evidence such release.  
 7.   STANDARD OF CARE; THE NOTEHOLDER MAY PERFORM . The powers conferred on the Noteholder hereunder are solely to protect its interest in the Collateral and shall not impose any duty upon it to exercise any such powers.  Except for the exercise of reasonable care in the custody of any Collateral in its possession and the accounting for moneys actually received by it hereunder, the Noteholder shall have no duty as to any Collateral or as to the taking of any necessary steps to preserve rights against prior parties or any other rights pertaining to any Collateral.  The Noteholder shall be deemed to have exercised reasonable care in the custody and preservation of Collateral in its possession if such Collateral is accorded treatment substantially equal to that which the Noteholder accords its own property.  Neither the Noteholder nor any of its directors, officers, employees or agents shall be liable for failure to demand, collect or realize upon all or any part of the Collateral or for any delay in doing so or shall be under any obligation to sell or otherwise dispose of any Collateral upon the request of the Companies or otherwise.  If any Company fails to perform any agreement contained herein, the Noteholder may itself perform, or cause performance of, such agreement, and the expenses of the Noteholder incurred in connection therewith shall be payable by the Companies under Section 10.5 of the Securities Purchase Agreement. 
 13 

8.    GENERAL PROVISIONS  
 8.1   Successors and Assigns.  This Agreement binds and is for the benefit of the successors and permitted assigns of each party.  No Company may transfer, pledge or assign this Agreement or any rights or obligations under it without the Noteholder s prior written consent (which may be granted or withheld in the Noteholder s sole discretion). 
 8.2   Indemnification.  
 (a) The parties hereto agree that the Noteholder shall be entitled to reimbursement of its reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred hereunder and indemnity for its actions in connection herewith as provided in Sections 10.4 and 10.5 of the Securities Purchase Agreement.  
 (b) Any such amounts payable as provided hereunder shall be additional secured obligations under the Notes secured hereby and by the other Collateral Documents. The provisions of this Section 8.2 shall remain operative and in full force and effect regardless of the termination of this Agreement or any other Transaction Document, the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby, the repayment of any of the Notes, the invalidity or unenforceability of any term or provision of this Agreement or any other Transaction Document, or any investigation made by or on behalf of the Noteholder. All amounts due under this Section 8.2 shall be payable within thirty (30) calendar days of written demand therefor; provided, however, that such Indemnified Party shall promptly refund such amount to the extent that there is a final judicial or arbitral determination that such Indemnified Party was not entitled to indemnification rights with respect to such payment pursuant to the express terms of this Section 8.2.  
 8.3   Miscellaneous.   No failure or delay on the part of the Noteholder in the exercise of any power, right or privilege hereunder or under any other Transaction Document shall impair such power, right or privilege or be construed to be a waiver of any default or acquiescence therein, nor shall any single or partial exercise of any such power, right or privilege preclude other or further exercise thereof or of any other power, right or privilege.  All rights and remedies existing under this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents are cumulative to, and not exclusive of, any rights or remedies otherwise available. This Agreement and the other Transaction Documents embody the entire agreement and understanding between Companies and the Noteholder and supersede all prior agreements and understandings between such parties relating to the subject matter hereof and thereof.  Accordingly, the Transaction Documents may not be contradicted by evidence of prior, contemporaneous or subsequent oral agreements of the parties.  There are no unwritten oral agreements between the parties.  In the event of an express conflict between the terms and conditions of this Agreement and the terms and conditions of the Securities Purchase Agreement, the terms and conditions of the Securities Purchase Agreement shall control. 
 8.4   Severability of Provisions . If any provision of this Agreement shall be found by any court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid or unenforceable, the parties hereby waive such provision to the extent that it is found to be invalid or unenforceable.  Such provision shall, to the maximum extent allowable by law, be modified by such court so that it becomes enforceable, and, as modified, shall be enforced as any other provision hereof, all the other provisions hereof continuing in full force and effect. 
 14 

8.5    Correction and Amendment of Transaction Documents  . The Noteholder may correct patent errors and fill in any blanks in this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents consistent with the agreement of the parties. If the Noteholder transfers any portion of the Notes in accordance with the terms thereof to a Permitted Transferee, and as a result there is more than one holder of the Notes, the Companies, the Noteholder and the Permitted Transferee(s) shall agree to negotiate in good faith any provisions of this Agreement to provide for multiple holders.  
 8.6   Counterparts . This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts and by different parties hereto in separate counterparts, with the same effect as if all parties had signed the same document.  All such counterparts (including counterparts delivered by facsimile or other electronic format (including  PDF )) shall be deemed an original, shall be construed together and shall constitute one and the same instrument.  This Agreement shall become effective when each party hereto shall have received counterparts hereof signed by all of the other parties hereto. 
 8.7   Survival . All covenants, representations and warranties made in this Agreement continue in full force until this Agreement has terminated pursuant to its terms and all Notes (other than contingent obligations not yet due and payable and any other obligations which, by their terms, are to survive the termination of this Agreement) have been satisfied. The obligation of the Companies in Section 8.2 to indemnify the Noteholder shall survive until the statute of limitations with respect to such claim or cause of action shall have run. 
 8.8   Notices.  All notices, consents, requests, approvals, demands, or other communication by any party to this Agreement shall be given in accordance with Section 11.3 of the Securities Purchase Agreement. 
 8.9   Choice of Law and Related Provisions .  Sections 11.7, 11.8 and 11.9 of the Securities Purchase Agreement are incorporated herein by reference,  mutandis mutandis , and the parties hereto agree to such terms. 
 9.   DEFINITIONS  
 As used in this Agreement, the following terms have the following meanings: 
   Account   is any   account   as defined in the Code with such additions to such term as may hereafter be made, and includes, without limitation, all accounts receivable and other sums owing to any Company. 
   Agreement   is defined in the preamble hereof. 
   Amgen   is Amgen Inc. 
   Amgen Inventory   is Inventory of any Company that is designated for, but not yet sold or supplied to, Amgen. 
   Company   is defined in the preamble hereof. 
 15 

Company s Books    are the Unilife Entities  books and records with respect to the Collateral (including, for the avoidance of doubt and without limitation, detailed documentation (financial and otherwise) relating to the procurement, maintenance and defense of Intellectual Property) which, for the avoidance of doubt, shall only be accessible to the Noteholder following a foreclosure on the Collateral).  
   Code   is the Uniform Commercial Code, as the same may, from time to time, be enacted and in effect in the State of New York;  provided , that, to the extent that the Code is used to define any term herein or in any Transaction Document and such term is defined differently in different Articles or Divisions of the Code, the definition of such term contained in Article or Division 9 shall govern;  provided ,  further , that in the event that, by reason of mandatory provisions of law, any or all of the attachment, perfection, or priority of, or remedies with respect to, the Noteholder s Lien on any Collateral is governed by the Uniform Commercial Code in effect in a jurisdiction other than the State of New York, the term  Code  shall mean the Uniform Commercial Code as enacted and in effect in such other jurisdiction solely for purposes of the provisions thereof relating to such attachment, perfection, priority, or remedies and for purposes of definitions relating to such provisions. 
   Collateral   is any and all properties, rights and assets of Company described on  Exhibit A . 
   Effective Date   is defined in the preamble of this Agreement. 
   Governmental Approval   is any consent, authorization, approval, order, license, franchise, permit, certificate, accreditation, registration, filing or notice, of, issued by, from or to, or other act by or in respect of, any Governmental Entity. 
   Insolvency Proceeding   is any proceeding by or against any Person under the United States Bankruptcy Code, or any other bankruptcy or insolvency law, including assignments for the benefit of creditors, compositions, extensions generally with its creditors, or proceedings seeking reorganization, arrangement, or other relief. 
   Intercreditor Agreement   shall mean the Intercreditor Agreement, dated as of the date hereof, by and among Noteholder, ROS Acquisition Offshore LP and Royalty Opportunities S. R.L. 
   Intellectual Property   shall mean, collectively, (a) the []* Patents together with (i) rights to proceeds with respect to any direct or indirect assignment or transfer of any []* Patents (excluding, for the avoidance of doubt, proceeds with respect to any license agreements entered into by the Company with customers in the ordinary course of business), (ii) rights to sue or otherwise recover for past, present and future infringements, misappropriations, dilutions or other violations with respect to any []* Patents, and (iii) rights corresponding to any of the preceding throughout the world; and (b) upon any foreclosure on the Collateral by Noteholder in accordance with the terms hereof, then, in addition to the items described in clause (a) above, any and all rights and privileges arising under applicable law with respect to the use of any []* Patents. 
   Inventory   is all   inventory   as defined in the Code in effect on the date hereof with such additions to such term as may hereafter be made, and includes without limitation all merchandise, raw materials, parts, supplies, packing and shipping materials, work in process and  
 16 

finished products, including without limitation such inventory as is temporarily out of any Person's custody or possession or in transit and including any returned goods and any documents.  
   Noteholder   is defined in the preamble hereof. 
   Operating Documents   are, for any Person, such Person s formation documents, and, (a) if such Person is a corporation, its bylaws in current form, (b) if such Person is a limited liability company, its limited liability company agreement (or similar agreement), and (c) if such Person is a partnership, its partnership agreement (or similar agreement), each of the foregoing with all current amendments or modifications thereto. 
   Patent Licenses   shall mean any and all agreements providing for the granting of any right in or to Intellectual Property (with the Company as licensor thereunder). 
  Patent Security Agreement   shall mean the patent security agreement executed by the parties substantially in the form of   Exhibit C   to perfect the Noteholder s security interest in the Collateral pursuant to the terms and conditions of this Agreement.  
  Patents   means any and all (i) issued patents, (ii) patent applications, including, without limitation, all provisional applications, substitutions, continuations, continuations-in-part, divisions and renewals, and all patents granted thereon, (iii) patents-of-addition, reissues, reexaminations, revalidations, re-registrations, confirmations and extensions or restorations by existing or future extension or restoration mechanisms, including, without limitation, patent term adjustments, patent term extensions, supplementary protection certificates or any equivalent thereof, (iv) inventor s certificates and certificates of invention, (v) other forms of government- issued rights substantially similar to any of the foregoing and (vi) United States and foreign counterparts of any of the foregoing, whether issued or pending in any jurisdiction in the world.  
  Permitted Liens   are:  
 (a) Liens arising under this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents;  
 (b) Patent Licenses granted by the Company under the Intellectual Property in the ordinary course of business, provided, that, with respect to each such Patent License, (i) such Patent License does not cause a breach or default of any Transaction Document at the time such Patent License is granted; and (ii) such Patent License constitutes an arm s length transaction, the terms of which, on their face, do not provide for a sale or assignment of any Intellectual Property and do not restrict the ability of Noteholder to pledge, grant a security interest in or lien on, or assign or otherwise transfer any Intellectual Property.  
 (c) Liens under the OrbiMed Credit Agreement on the Collateral on a junior basis to the Liens granted to the Noteholder hereunder; and  
 (d) Liens incurred in the extension, renewal or refinancing of the indebtedness secured by Liens described in clause (c) above, but any extension, renewal or replacement Lien must be limited to the property encumbered by the existing Lien and the principal amount of the Indebtedness may not increase.  
 17 

Proceeds    shall mean:  (i) all  proceeds  as defined in Article 9 of the Code, including, without limitation, all licenses (whether royalty or non-royalty-bearing), income, payments, rights and royalties payable with respect to Section 365(n) of the United States Bankruptcy Code and (ii) whatever is receivable or received when Collateral or proceeds are sold, exchanged, collected or otherwise disposed of, whether such disposition is voluntary or involuntary.  
  Registered Organization   is any  registered organization  as defined in the Code with such additions to such term as may hereafter be made.  
  Requirement of Law   is as to any Person, the organizational or governing documents of such Person, and any law (statutory or common), treaty, rule or regulation or determination of an arbitrator or a court or other Governmental Authority, in each case applicable to or binding upon such Person or any of its property or to which such Person or any of its property is subject.  
  Securities Purchase Agreement   is that certain Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of the date hereof, by and among Company and the Noteholder.  
  Security Agreement Supplement   shall mean any supplement to this Agreement substantially in the form of   Exhibit B  .  
  Subsidiary   shall mean, with respect to any specified Person, any other Person of which such specified Person, directly or indirectly (a) owns at least 50% of the outstanding equity securities entitled to vote generally in the election of the board of directors or similar governing body of such other Person, or (b) has the power to generally direct the business and policies of that other Person, whether by contract or as a general partner, managing member, manager, joint venturer, agent or otherwise.     
  Transaction Documents   shall mean, collectively, the Securities Purchase Agreement, the Notes, this Agreement, the Intercreditor Agreement, the Security Agreement Supplement, intellectual property security agreements or other similar agreements delivered to the Noteholder and each of the other agreements, instruments or documents that creates or purports to create a Lien in favor of the Noteholder.  
  Unilife Entities   shall mean, collectively, Unilife Corporation and each of its Subsidiaries.   
  []* Patents   shall mean (i) []* Patent Estate Development, and any improvements thereof specifically developed to meet Amgen s needs, including Patents, Patent applications, Patents issuing thereon and any extensions or restorations by existing or future extension or restoration mechanisms, including without limitation supplementary protection certificates or the equivalents thereof, renewals, continuations, continuations in part, divisionals, Patents-of-addition, certificates of invention, extensions, substitutions, confirmations, re-registrations, re-examinations, revalidations and/or reissues of any Patent, and any foreign counterparts thereof, (ii) the Patents identified in Schedule 2, and (iii) any and all Patents that claim priority to, or share patentable subject matters with, any of the foregoing, and (iv) any and all Patents owned by any Unilife Entity that claim, disclose or otherwise relate to the inventions described in any of the foregoing. In the case of clauses (i) through (iv) of this definition, limited only to the same as it relates to a []* device for the delivery of any biologic or pharmaceutical product []*.  
 18 

[]* Patent Estate Development    shall mean Patents resulting from patent preparation, prosecution and procurement of one or more of the embodiments of an invention disclosed in the Patents identified in Schedule 2 and other inventions and embodiments of subject matter related thereto (but excluding any of the same as they relate to, or include features for, the delivery of   []*  ).  
 19 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be executed as of the Effective Date.  

Companies:  

UNILIFE MEDICAL SOLUTIONS, INC.,  

a Delaware corporation  

By:  

Name:  

Title:  

Executed by  UNITRACT SYRINGE PTY  
 LTD  in accordance with Section 127 of the   Corporations Act 2001   

Signature of director  

Name of director (print)  

Signature of director/company secretary)  

Name of director/company secretary (print)  

Noteholder: 

AMGEN INC.  

By:  

Name:  

Title:  

20 

EXHIBIT A   
 TO SECURITY AGREEMENT 
 Description of Collateral 
 The Collateral consists of all of each Company s right, title and interest in and to the following property, whether now owned or hereinafter acquired, wherever located: 
 (i) Intellectual Property;  
 (ii) Amgen Inventory; and  
 (iii) Company s Books.  
 21 

EXHIBIT B   
 TO SECURITY AGREEMENT 
 SECURITY AGREEMENT SUPPLEMENT 
 This  SECURITY AGREEMENT SUPPLEMENT,  dated  [mm/dd/yy],  is delivered by  [NAME OF GRANTOR] , a  [NAME OF STATE OF INCORPORATION]  [    ] (the   Grantor  ) pursuant to the Security Agreement, dated as of  [mm/dd/yy]  (as it may be from time to time amended, restated, modified or supplemented, the   Security Agreement  ), among  Company  and the  Noteholder . Capitalized terms used herein not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings ascribed thereto in the Security Agreement. 
 The Grantor hereby confirms the grant to the Noteholder set forth in the Security Agreement of, and does hereby grant to the Noteholder, a security interest in all of the Grantor s right, title and interest in and to all Collateral to secure the Notes, in each case whether now or hereafter existing or in which the Grantor now has or hereafter acquires an interest and wherever the same may be located.   The Grantor represents and warrants to the Noteholder that the attached supplements to Schedules accurately and completely set forth all additional information required pursuant to the Security Agreement and hereby agrees that such supplements to Schedules shall constitute part of the Schedules to the Security Agreement. 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Grantor has caused this Security Agreement Supplement to be duly executed and delivered by its duly authorized officer as of  [mm/dd/yy] . 

[NAME OF GRANTOR]  

By:  

Name:  

Title:  

22 

EXHIBIT C  
 TO SECURITY AGREEMENT 
 Patent Security Agreement 
 Patent Security Agreement,  dated as of [    ], 201[  ] by [  ], a [  ] [  ] (the  Pledgor ), with a principal place of business at [      ], in favor of [      ] (and its successors and assigns, the  Noteholder ).  
  W   I   T   N   E   S   S   E   T   H:  
 WHEREAS, the Pledgor is party to a Security Agreement of even date herewith (the   Security Agreement  ) in favor of the Noteholder pursuant to which the Pledgor is required to execute and deliver this Patent Security Agreement; 
 NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and to induce the Noteholder to enter into the Securities Purchase Agreement, the Pledgor hereby agrees with the Noteholder as follows: 
 SECTION 1.   Defined Terms .  Unless otherwise defined herein, terms defined in the Security Agreement and used herein have the meaning given to them in the Security Agreement. 
 SECTION 2.   Grant of Security Interest in Patent Collateral .  The Pledgor hereby pledges and grants to the Noteholder a lien on and security interest in and to all of the Pledgor s right, title and interest in, to and under all the following Collateral: 
 (a) the []* Patents, including without limitation the items listed on   Schedule A  attached hereto, together with (i) rights to proceeds with respect to any direct or indirect assignment or transfer of any []* Patents (excluding, for the avoidance of doubt, proceeds with respect to any license agreements entered into by the Company with customers in the ordinary course of business), (ii) rights to sue or otherwise recover for past, present and future infringements, misappropriations,  dilutions  or other violations  with respect to any []* Patents, and (iii) rights corresponding to any of the preceding throughout the world; and 
 (b) upon any foreclosure on the Collateral by Noteholder in accordance with the terms of the Security Agreement, then, in addition to the items described in clause (a) above, any and all rights and privileges arising under applicable law with respect to the use of any []* Patents.  
 23 

SECTION 3.    Security Agreement  .  The security interests granted to the Noteholder pursuant to this Patent Security Agreement are granted in conjunction with the security interests granted to the Noteholder pursuant to the Security Agreement, and the Pledgor hereby acknowledges and affirms that the rights and remedies of the Noteholder with respect to the security interests in the []* Patents made and granted hereby are set forth in the Security Agreement, the terms and provisions of which are incorporated by reference herein as if fully set forth herein.   In the event that any provision of this Patent Security Agreement is deemed to conflict with the Security Agreement, the provisions of the Security Agreement shall control.  
 SECTION 4.   Counterparts .  This Patent Security Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, all of which shall constitute one and the same instrument, and any party hereto may execute this Patent Security Agreement by signing and delivering one or more counterparts.  Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page of this Patent Security Agreement by telecopier or other electronic transmission (i.e. a  pdf  or  tif  document) shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this Patent Security Agreement. 
 SECTION 5.   Governing Law .  The internal laws of the State of New York shall govern all matters arising out of, in connection with or relating to this Patent Security Agreement, including, without limitation, its validity, interpretation, construction, performance and enforcement and any claims sounding in contract law or tort law arising out of the subject matter hereof. 
 [Signature page follows] 

24 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Pledgor has caused this Patent Security Agreement to be executed and delivered by its duly authorized offer as of the date first set forth above.  

Very truly yours,   

Pledgor:  

[    ]  

By:  

Name:   

Title:  

On ______________________ before me,________ ________________________________________________, Notary Public, personally appeared _________________________________________________, who proved to me on the basis of satisfactory evidence to be the person(s) whose name(s) is/are subscribed to the within instrument and acknowledged to me that he/she/they executed the same in his/her/their authorized capacity(ies), and that by his/her/their signature(s) on the instrument the person(s), or the entity upon behalf of which the person(s) acted, executed the instrument. 
 I certify under PENALTY OF PERJURY under the laws of the State of ____________________ that the foregoing paragraph is true and correct. 
 WITNESS my hand and official seal. 
 Signature ____________________________ (Seal) 
   
 25 [ Si g  n a t  u  r e    P a g e   to    P ate n t   S e c u  r i t y   A g  r e e  m e n t] 

Accepted and Agreed:   
 [ ____________] 

By:  

Name:  

Title:  

On ___________________before me,_________ _______________________________, Notary Public, personally appeared __________________________ , who proved to me on the basis of satisfactory evidence to be the person(s) whose name(s) is/are subscribed to the within instrument and acknowledged to me that he/she/they executed the same in his/her/their authorized capacity(ies), and that by his/her/their signature(s) on the instrument the person(s), or the entity upon behalf of which the person(s) acted, executed the instrument. 
 I certify under PENALTY OF PERJURY under the laws of the State of ______________ that the foregoing paragraph is true and correct. 
 WITNESS my hand and official seal. 
 Signature ____________________________ (Seal) 

26 [ Si g  n a t  u  r e    P a g e   to    P ate n t   S e c u  r i t y   A g  r e e  m e n t] 

SCHEDULE A  
  PATENTS  
   
 []* 

1 

EXHIBIT D   
 TO SECURITY AGREEMENT 
 Form of Non-Disturbance Agreement 
 This Non-Disturbance Agreement (  Agreement  ) is entered into as of the __ day of _____, 20 __ among _____(  Licensee  ), _______ (  Licensor  ) and Amgen Inc. (  SecuredParty  ). Capitalized terms not otherwise defined in this Agreement shall have the meanings set forth in the Note Purchase Agreement or the Security Agreement, as applicable. 
 WHEREAS, Licensor and Licensee propose to enter a [License Agreement] of even date herewith by and among Licensee, Licensor, ____________ and ________________ (the   License Agreement   
 WHEREAS, Licensor and Secured Party are parties to a Security Agreement dated __________ __, 2016 (as amended and from time to time in effect, the   Security Agreement  ), the Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of [    ], 2016, by and between Licensor and Secured Party (the   Securities Purchase Agreement  ), and other documents evidencing Obligations, including, but not limited to, certain Notes by Licensor in favor of the Secured Party (as amended, supplemented, restated and from time to time in effect, the   Note Documents  ) pursuant to which Licensor has granted to Secured Party a security interest in certain of its assets, including, without limitation, certain patents and intellectual property licensed to Licensee pursuant to the License Agreement; 
 WHEREAS, the parties desire to confirm the rights of the various parties in the event of foreclosure in respect of collateral subject to security interests under the Note Documents; 
 NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing and other good and valuable consideration the receipt and sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto hereby agree as follows: 
 1.   Security Interests Subject to License Agreement .  The parties hereby confirm and agree that the security interests granted pursuant to the Note Documents are and shall be subject to the License Agreement and that, subject to any rights to terminate the License Agreement as a result of Licensee s default thereunder, the License Agreement shall remain in full force and effect notwithstanding any action by Secured Party, including any foreclosure in respect of collateral under the Note Documents. 
 2.   Non-Disturbance .  Subject to any rights to terminate the License Agreement as a result of Licensee s default thereunder and subject to any rights upon default of any obligations of Licensee under Section 365(n) (  Section 365(n)  ) of Title 11, United States Code (the   Bankruptcy Code  ), Secured Party shall not disturb Licensee s rights under the License Agreement or Licensee s rights under Section 365(n). 
 3.   Authority .  Licensor, Licensee and Secured Party each hereby represent and warrant as of the date hereof that it has all requisite corporate power and authority to enter into and deliver this Agreement and to bind itself to the agreements and obligations set forth herein. Secured Party further represents and warrants that Licensor s execution and delivery of the  
 2 

License Agreement and its performance or its obligations thereunder do not, and the consummation of the transactions provided for therein will not, conflict with or result in any breach, violation, impairment or default (with or without notice or lapse of time, or both) under, or give rise to a right of termination, cancellation, revocation or acceleration of any obligation or loss of a benefit under, the Note Documents.  
 6.   General Provisions . 
 6.1.   Entire Agreement .  This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between Licensor, Licensee and Secured Party concerning the subject matter hereof and supersedes any and all prior agreements, negotiations, correspondence, understandings and communications between the parties, whether written or oral, respecting the subject matter hereof. 
 6.2.   Counterparts .  This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts and by different parties on separate counterparts (including signature pages delivered by facsimile or other electronic means), each of which, when executed and delivered, shall be deemed to be an original, and all of which, when taken together, shall constitute but one and the same Agreement. 
 6.3.   Choice of Law .  THE INTERNAL LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK SHALL GOVERN ALL MATTERS ARISING OUT OF, IN CONNECTION WITH OR RELATING TO THIS  AGREEMENT, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ITS VALIDITY, INTERPRETATION, CONSTRUCTION, PERFORMANCE AND ENFORCEMENT AND ANY CLAIMS SOUNDING IN CONTRACT LAW OR TORT LAW ARISING OUT OF THE SUBJECT MATTER HEREOF. 
 [Remainder of page intentionally left blank.] 

3 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have entered into this Agreement as of the date first written above.  

[LICENSEE]  

By:  

Name:  

Title:  

[LICENSOR]  

By:  

Name:  

Title:  

[SECURED PARTY]  

By:  

Name:  

Title:  

SCHEDULE 1  
 TO SECURITY AGREEMENT 
  GRANTOR CORPORATE INFORMATION  

A.  
 
  Exact legal name :  

Unitract Syringe Pty Ltd  

Unilife Medical Solutions, Inc.  

B.  
 
  Type of organization :  

Unitract Syringe Pty Ltd: proprietary limited company  

Unilife Medical Solutions, Inc.: corporation  

C.  
 
  Jurisdiction of organization :  

Unitract Syringe Pty Ltd: Western Australia, Australia  

Unilife Medical Solutions, Inc.: Delaware, United States  

D.  
 
  Organizational identification number :  

Unitract Syringe Pty Ltd: ACN 101 059 723  

Unilife Medical Solutions, Inc.: EIN 113679944  

E.  
 
  Place of business or chief executive office :  

Unitract Syringe Pty Ltd: Suite 3, Level 11, 1 Chifley Square, Sydney, New South Wales,2000 Australia  

Unilife Medical Solutions, Inc.: 150 South Warner Road, King of Prussia, PA 19406, United States  

F.  
 
  Any change in  the Company s  (and  each  of  its  respective predecessors),  in  the  past  five   (5) years, jurisdiction of organization, organizational structure or type, or any organizational number assigned by its jurisdiction of organization:   None.   

1-1 

SCHEDULE 2  
 TO SECURITY AGREEMENT 
  PATENTS  
  Patents  
   
 []* 

2-1 

EXHIBIT C  
 ORBIMED AMENDMENTS 

EXHIBIT C   
  TO SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT  
  EIGHTH AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT   
 This  EIGHTH  AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT (this   Amendment  ) is made and entered into as of February 22, 2016 by and among  Unilife Medical Solutions, Inc. , a Delaware corporation  (the    Borrower   ) , the other Creditor Obligors party hereto and  ROS Acquisition Offshore LP , a Cayman Islands exempted limited partnership (in its capacity as Lender and Collateral Agent, the   Lender  ). 
 WHEREAS , the Borrower and the Lender are party to that certain Credit Agreement, dated as of March 12, 2014 (as amended from time to time, the    Credit Agreement   ), pursuant to which the Lender has extended credit to the Borrower on the terms set forth therein;   
 WHEREAS , the Borrower is issuing to Lender a warrant to purchase shares of common stock from Holdings in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A (the    Warrant   ), concurrently with the execution and delivery of this Amendment;  
 WHEREAS , the Borrower has requested that the Lender amend the Credit Agreement, as more fully described herein; and  
 WHEREAS,  the Lender is willing to agree to such amendment, but only upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth herein.  
 NOW, THEREFORE , in consideration of the mutual agreements herein contained, and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto agree as follows:  
 1.   Definitions; Loan Document .  Capitalized terms used herein without definition shall have the meanings assigned to such terms in the Credit Agreement.  This Amendment and the Warrant (as defined above) delivered in connection herewith shall constitute Loan Documents for all purposes of the Credit Agreement and the other Loan Documents.  Each reference to  hereof ,  hereunder ,  herein  and  hereby  and each other similar reference and each reference to  this Agreement  and each other similar reference contained in the Credit Agreement shall, after this Amendment becomes effective, refer to the Credit Agreement as amended hereby. 
 2.   Amendments .   
 (a)  Section 1.1 of the Credit Agreement is hereby amended by adding the following definitions in alphabetical order: 
   Amgen Collateral   means the Intellectual Property, the Amgen Inventory, and the Company Books (as such terms are defined in the Amgen Security Agreement in effect as of the date hereof) of Unitract Syringe Pty Ltd and Borrower. 

Amgen Convertible Notes    means the 6.0% Senior Secured Convertible Notes due 2023 issued by Holdings pursuant to the Amgen Securities Purchase Agreement in the principal amount of $30,000,000 on February 22, 2016, in a principal amount of $15,000,000 on January 1, 2017 and in a principal amount of $10,000,000 on January 1, 2018.  
   Amgen Development Supply Agreement   means that certain Development Supply Agreement, dated as of February 22, 2016, between the Borrower and Amgen Inc. 
   Amgen Licenses   means (a) that certain License Agreement, dated as of February 5, 2016, among the Borrower, Holdings and Amgen Inc., and (b) that certain Unilife Devices License Agreement, dated as of February 22, 2016, among the Borrower, Holdings and Amgen Inc. 
   Amgen Securities Purchase Agreement   means that certain Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of February 22, 2016, between Holdings, the Borrower and Amgen Inc. 
   Amgen Security Agreement   means that certain Security Agreement, dated as of February 22, 2016, between the Borrower, Unitract Syringe Pty Ltd and Amgen Inc. 
 (b)  Section 3.5 is hereby amended by adding the following sentence at the end of Section 3.5: 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, solely with respect to the period commencing on January 1, 2016 through February 22, 2018, interest that accrues on the Loans at the rate specified in Section 3.3 during such period shall be added to the outstanding principal amount of the Loan on the last day of each Interest Period (such interest, the   PIK Interest  ).  All references hereunder to the principal amount of the Loans shall include any PIK Interest so added to the principal. 
 (c)  Article VII is hereby amended by adding the following as new Section 7.16: 

SECTION 7.16    
 
  Management .  Prior to March 30, 2016, each of Holdings and its Subsidiaries shall have removed, or caused to resign, such of their executive officers from their employment (and roles, if any, on boards of directors) as have been notified in writing to Holdings by the Lender.    

 (d)  Section 8.2 is hereby amended by (i) deleting  and  at the end of Section 8.2(g), (ii) adding at the end of Section 8.2(h)  and , and (iii) adding the following as a new Section 8.2(i): 

(i)   
 
 the Amgen Convertible Notes;    

(e)    Section 8.3 is hereby amended by (i) deleting  and  at the end of Section 8.3(k), (ii) replacing the period at the end of Section 8.3(l) with   and , and (iii) adding the following as a new Section 8.3(m):  

(m)   
 
 Liens in favor of Amgen Inc. in the Amgen Collateral pursuant to the Amgen Security Agreement to secure the Amgen Convertible Notes, so long as the outstanding principal of the Amgen Convertible Notes and accrued interest thereon have not been paid in full or converted into common stock of Holdings.    

 (f)  Section 8.4(a) is hereby deleted in its entirety and replaced with  [Reserved] . 
 (g)  Section 8.9(vi) is hereby amended and restated in its entirety as follows: 
 (vi) the Hikma LDSA and the definitive separate Supply Agreement and Quality Agreement (as referenced in the Hikma LDSA), the Sanofi Supply Agreement, the MedImmune Agreement, the Amgen Development Supply Agreement, the Amgen Licenses and any other Covered Agreement, in each case of this clause (vi), if any such amendment, supplement, waiver or other modification is adverse in any material respect to the interests of the Lender, 
 (h)  Section 8.9 is hereby amended by adding the following at the end thereof (before the period): 
 or (vii) any Amgen Convertible Note, the Amgen Securities Purchase Agreement or the Amgen Security Agreement. 
 (i)  Section 9.1(p) is hereby deleted in its entirety and replaced with  [Reserved] . 
 3.   Conditions to Effectiveness of Amendment .  This Amendment shall become effective upon receipt by: 
 (a)  the Lender of a counterpart signature to this Amendment duly executed and delivered by the Borrower and each of the other Credit Obligors,  
 (b)  the Credit Obligors of a counterpart signature to this Amendment duly executed and delivered by the Lender,  
 (c)  the Lender or its counsel of reimbursement for all fees and out-of-pocket expenses incurred by the Lender in connection with this Amendment and all other like expenses remaining unpaid as of the date hereof, 
 (d)  the Lender of a Secretary s Certificate with respect to the Borrower and Holdings, in substantially the form delivered on the Closing Date, duly executed and delivered by the signatories thereto,  

(e)    the Lender of an opinion of counsel to the Borrower and Holdings in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Lender,   
 (f)  the Lender of the Warrant duly executed and issued by Holdings, 
 (g)  the Lender of the payment of interest on the Loans deferred pursuant to prior amendments to the Credit Agreement,  
 (h)  the Borrower of $20,000,000 in cash as a license fee from Amgen Inc., and 
 (i)  the Borrower of $30,000,000 gross proceeds of convertible notes issued by Holdings to Amgen Inc.  
 4.   Expenses .  The Borrower agrees to pay on demand all expenses of the Lender (including, without limitation, the fees and out-of-pocket expenses of Covington   Burling LLP, counsel to the Lender, and of local counsel, if any, who may be retained by or on behalf of the Lender) incurred in connection with the negotiation, preparation, execution and delivery of this Amendment and all other expenses of the Lender remaining unpaid as of the date hereof. 
 5.   Representations and Warranties .  The Credit Obligors represent and warrant to the Lender as follows: 
 (a)  After giving effect to this Amendment, the representations and warranties of the Borrower and the Guarantors contained in the Credit Agreement or any other Loan Document shall, except as disclosed in the Disclosure Schedule dated the date hereof and delivered to Lender, (i) with respect to representations and warranties that contain a materiality qualification, be true and correct in all respects on and as of the date hereof, and (ii) with respect to representations and warranties that do not contain a materiality qualification, be true and correct in all material respects on and as of the date hereof, and except that the representations and warranties limited by their terms to a specific date shall be true and correct as of such date. 
 (b)  After giving effect to this Amendment, no Default or Event of Default has occurred or is continuing. 
 (c)  (i) Each Credit Obligor has taken all necessary action to authorize the execution, delivery and performance of this Amendment; (ii) this Amendment has been duly executed and delivered by the Credit Obligors and constitutes each of the Credit Obligors  legal, valid and binding obligations, enforceable in accordance with its terms (except, in any case, as such enforceability may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or similar laws affecting creditors  rights generally and by principles of equity), and (iii) no authorization or other action by, and no notice to or filing with, any Governmental Authority or other Person is required for the due execution, delivery or performance by any Credit Obligor of this Amendment. 

(d)    At the date of this Amendment, none of the Collateral (as defined in the General Security Deed) is located, or taken for the purposes of any stamp duty law to be located, in New South Wales.  
 6.   No Implied Amendment or Waiver .  Except as expressly set forth in this Amendment, this Amendment shall not, by implication or otherwise, limit, impair, constitute a waiver of or otherwise affect any rights or remedies of the Lender under the Credit Agreement or the other Loan Documents, or alter, modify, amend or in any way affect any of the terms, obligations or covenants contained in the Credit Agreement or the other Loan Documents, all of which shall continue in full force and effect.  Nothing in this Amendment shall be construed to imply any willingness on the part of the Lender to agree to or grant any similar or future amendment, consent or waiver of any of the terms and conditions of the Credit Agreement or the other Loan Documents. 
 7.   Reaffirmation of Security Interests .  Subject to the Intercreditor Agreement, dated February 22, 2016, among Amgen Inc., Lender and ROS, the Credit Obligors (i) affirm that each of the security interests and liens granted in or pursuant to the Loan Documents are valid and subsisting and (ii) agree that this Amendment shall in no manner impair or otherwise adversely affect any of the security interests and liens granted in or pursuant to the Loan Documents. 
 8.   Reaffirmation of Guarantee .  Each Guarantor (a) acknowledges and consents to all of the terms and conditions of this Amendment, (b) affirms all of its obligations under the Loan Documents and (c) agrees that this Amendment and all documents executed in connection herewith do not operate to reduce or discharge the Guarantor s obligations under the Loan Documents. 
 9.   Press Release .  No Credit Obligor shall, and each Credit Obligor shall instruct its Affiliates not to, issue a press release or other public announcement or otherwise make any public disclosure with respect to this Amendment or the subject matter hereof without the prior consent of the Lender (which consent shall not be unnecessarily withheld or delayed), except as may be required by applicable Law (in which case the Credit Obligor required to make the release or statement shall allow the Lender reasonable time to comment on such release or statement in advance of such issuance). 
 10.   Waiver and Release .  TO INDUCE THE LENDER TO AGREE TO THE TERMS OF THIS AMENDMENT, EACH  Credit Obligor  REPRESENTS AND WARRANTS THAT AS OF THE DATE HEREOF THERE ARE NO CLAIMS OR OFFSETS AGAINST OR RIGHTS OF RECOUPMENT WITH RESPECT TO OR DEFENSES OR COUNTERCLAIMS TO ITS OBLIGATIONS UNDER THE LOAN DOCUMENTS AND IN ACCORDANCE THEREWITH IT: 
 (a)  WAIVES ANY AND ALL SUCH CLAIMS, OFFSETS, RIGHTS OF RECOUPMENT, DEFENSES OR COUNTERCLAIMS, WHETHER KNOWN OR UNKNOWN, ARISING PRIOR TO THE DATE HEREOF; AND 

(b)    RELEASES AND DISCHARGES THE LENDER, ITS AFFILIATES AND ITS AND THEIR OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, SHAREHOLDERS AND ATTORNEYS (COLLECTIVELY THE    RELEASED PARTIES   ) FROM ANY AND ALL OBLIGATIONS, INDEBTEDNESS, LIABILITIES, CLAIMS, RIGHTS, CAUSES OF ACTION OR DEMANDS WHATSOEVER, WHETHER KNOWN OR UNKNOWN, SUSPECTED OR UNSUSPECTED, IN LAW OR EQUITY, WHICH THE BORROWER EVER HAD, NOW HAS, CLAIMS TO HAVE OR MAY HAVE AGAINST ANY RELEASED PARTY ARISING PRIOR TO THE DATE HEREOF AND FROM OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE LOAN DOCUMENTS OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED THEREBY.  
 11.   Counterparts; Governing Law .    This Amendment may be executed in any number of counterparts and by different parties hereto on separate counterparts, each of such when so executed and delivered shall be an original, but all of such counterparts shall together constitute but one and the same agreement.  Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page of this Amendment by fax transmission or other electronic mail transmission (e.g.,  pdf  or  tif ) shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this Amendment.  THIS AMENDMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE INTERNAL LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK (INCLUDING FOR SUCH PURPOSE SECTIONS 5-1401 AND 5-1402 OF THE GENERAL OBLIGATIONS LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK). 
 [Remainder of Page Intentionally Left Blank] 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF  , the parties hereto have caused this Amendment to be executed by their respective officers thereunto duly authorized as of the day and year first above written.  
   
 EXECUTED  as a deed by each Australian Subsidiary.   

Unilife Medical Solutions, Inc.  

Unilife Corporation  

By:  
 
 /s/ John Ryan  

By:  
 
 /s/ John Ryan  

Name:  John Ryan  

Name:  John Ryan  

Title:    Senior Vice President, General  

Title:    Senior Vice President, General  

Counsel and Secretary  

Counsel and Secretary  

Unilife Cross Farm LLC  

By:  
 
 /s/ John Ryan  

Name:  John Ryan  

Title:    Senior Vice President, General  

Counsel and Secretary  

Executed  by  Unilife Medical Solutions Pty Limited  in accordance with Section 127 of the   Corporations Act 2001   

/s/ Alan Shortall  

/s/ Ramin Mojdeh  

Signature of director  

Signature of director  

Alan Shortall  

Ramin Mojdeh  

Name of director (print)  

Name of director (print)  

Executed  by  Unitract Syringe Pty Ltd  in accordance with Section 127 of the   Corporations Act 2001   

/s/ Alan Shortall  

/s/ Ramin Mojdeh  

Signature of director  

Signature of director  

Alan Shortall  

Ramin Mojdeh  

Name of director (print)  

Name of director (print)  

Signature Page to Eighth Amendment to Credit Agreement 

ROS ACQUISITION OFFSHORE LP  ,   

as the Lender  

By OrbiMed Advisors LLC, its investment manager  

By:  
 
 /s/ Samuel D. Isaly  

Name: Samuel D. Isaly  

Title:   Managing Member  

Signature Page to Eighth Amendment to Credit Agreement 

EXHIBIT C   
  TO SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT  
  Sixth AMENDMENT TO Royalty AGREEMENT   
 This  Sixth  AMENDMENT TO  Royalty  AGREEMENT (this   Amendment  ) is entered into as of February 22, 2016 by and among  Unilife Medical Solutions, Inc. , a Delaware corporation  (   Unilife   )  and  Royalty  OPPORTUNITIES S.  R.L, a Luxembourg soci t    responsabilit  limit e (together with its Affiliates, successors, transferees and assignees,   ROS  ). 
 WHEREAS , Unilife and ROS are party to that certain Royalty Agreement, dated as of March 12, 2014 (as amended from time to time, the    Royalty Agreement   ), pursuant to which Unilife granted to ROS a royalty on the terms set forth therein;  
 WHEREAS , Unilife and ROS Acquisition Offshore LP, a Cayman Islands exempted limited partnership (the    Lender   ) are party to that certain Credit Agreement, dated as of March 12, 2014 (as amended from time to time, the    Credit Agreement   ), pursuant to which the Lender has extended credit to Unilife on the terms set forth therein; and  
 WHEREAS , Unilife and ROS have agreed to amend the Royalty Agreement, upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth herein.  
 NOW, THEREFORE , in consideration of the mutual agreements herein contained, and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto agree as follows:  
 1.   Definitions; Loan Document .  Capitalized terms used herein without definition shall have the meanings assigned to such terms in the Royalty Agreement and, to the extent not defined therein, in the Credit Agreement.  This Amendment shall constitute a Loan Document for all purposes of the Credit Agreement and the other Loan Documents.  Each reference to  hereof ,  hereunder ,  herein  and  hereby  and each other similar reference and each reference to  this Agreement  and each other similar reference contained in the Royalty Agreement shall, after this Amendment becomes effective, refer to the Royalty Agreement as amended hereby. 
 2.   Amendments .  Section 2.1(b) is hereby amended by adding the following sentence at the end of Section 2.1(b): 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, solely the portion of any Royalty Payment based on Net Sales that is comprised of (1) the $20,000,000 license fee payable by Amgen Inc. to the Borrower on the date hereof, and (2) the proceeds of the convertible notes issued by Holdings and the Borrower to Amgen Inc. pursuant to that certain Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of February 22, 2016, among the Borrower, Holdings and Amgen Inc. in an aggregate principal amount of $55,000,000, shall be waived.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, solely the portion of any Royalty Payment based on Net Sales that is comprised of the following  

revenues (other than, for clarity, revenues described in clauses (1) and (2) above): (i) revenues received by the Borrower from Amgen Inc. on or after February 22, 2016, or (ii) revenues received by the Borrower in respect of any biologic or pharmaceutical product in which Amgen Inc. or any Affiliate thereof has an economic interest or which Amgen Inc. or any Affiliate now or hereafter is developing or commercializing (either alone or in collaboration with third parties) (each, an    Amgen Product   ), but for the avoidance of doubt, excluding any revenues received by the Borrower in respect of any agreement entered into by Borrower or any of its Affiliates prior to the date hereof or involving any biologic or pharmaceutical product that was not an Amgen Product at the time the Borrower or any of its Affiliates entered in to the applicable agreements with respect to such product, shall be due and payable within 30 days after the end of the Fiscal Quarter in which the first sale by the Borrower or any other Person of a commercial quantity of devices developed, manufactured or produced by the Borrower or any Affiliate thereof or otherwise using intellectual property licensed to Amgen Inc. or any of its Affiliates by the Borrower or any of its Affiliates occurs for use with an Amgen Product.   
 3.   Conditions to Effectiveness of Amendment .  This Amendment shall become effective upon receipt by:  
 (a)  ROS of a counterpart signature to this Amendment duly executed and delivered by Unilife,  
 (b)  ROS or its counsel of reimbursement for all fees and out-of-pocket expenses incurred by ROS in connection with this Amendment and all other like expenses remaining unpaid as of the date hereof,  
 (c)  ROS of the payment of the Royalty Payments deferred pursuant to prior amendments to the Royalty Agreement, 
 (d)  the Borrower of $20,000,000 in cash as a license fee from Amgen Inc., and 
 (e)  the Borrower of $30,000,000 gross proceeds of convertible notes issued by Holdings to Amgen Inc.  
 4.   Expenses .  Unilife agrees to pay on demand all expenses of ROS (including, without limitation, the fees and out-of-pocket expenses of Covington   Burling LLP, counsel to ROS, and of local counsel, if any, who may be retained by or on behalf of ROS) incurred in connection with the negotiation, preparation, execution and delivery of this Amendment and all other expenses of ROS remaining unpaid as of the date hereof. 
 5.   Representations and Warranties .  Unilife represents and warrants to ROS as follows: 
 (a)  After giving effect to this Amendment, the representations and warranties of Unilife contained in the Royalty Agreement, except as disclosed in the Disclosure Schedule  

dated the date hereof and delivered to ROS, (i) with respect to representations and warranties that contain a materiality qualification, be true and correct in all respects on and as of the date hereof, and (ii) with respect to representations and warranties that do not contain a materiality qualification, be true and correct in all material respects on and as of the date hereof, and except that the representations and warranties limited by their terms to a specific date shall be true and correct as of such date.  
 (b)  After giving effect to this Amendment, no Royalty Event of Default has occurred or is continuing. 
 (c)  (i) Unilife has taken all necessary action to authorize the execution, delivery and performance of this Amendment; (ii) this Amendment has been duly executed and delivered by Unilife and constitutes Unilife s legal, valid and binding obligation, enforceable in accordance with its terms (except, in any case, as such enforceability may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or similar laws affecting creditors  rights generally and by principles of equity), and (iii) no authorization or other action by, and no notice to or filing with, any Governmental Authority or other Person is required for the due execution, delivery or performance by Unilife of this Amendment. 
 6.   No Implied Amendment or Waiver .  Except as expressly set forth in this Amendment, this Amendment shall not, by implication or otherwise, limit, impair, constitute a waiver of or otherwise affect any rights or remedies of ROS under the Royalty Agreement or the other Loan Documents, or alter, modify, amend or in any way affect any of the terms, obligations or covenants contained in the Royalty Agreement or the other Loan Documents, all of which shall continue in full force and effect.  Nothing in this Amendment shall be construed to imply any willingness on the part of ROS to agree to or grant any similar or future amendment, consent or waiver of any of the terms and conditions of the Royalty Agreement or the other Loan Documents. 
 7.   Reaffirmation of Security Interests .  Subject to the Intercreditor Agreement, dated February 22, 2016, among Amgen Inc., Lender and ROS, the Credit Obligors (i) affirm that each of the security interests and liens granted in or pursuant to the Loan Documents are valid and subsisting and (ii) agree that this Amendment shall in no manner impair or otherwise adversely affect any of the security interests and liens granted in or pursuant to the Loan Documents.  
 8.   Reaffirmation of Guarantee .  Each Guarantor (a) acknowledges and consents to all of the terms and conditions of this Amendment, (b) affirms all of its obligations under the Loan Documents and (c) agrees that this Amendment and all documents executed in connection herewith do not operate to reduce or discharge the Guarantor s obligations under the Loan Documents. 
 9.   Waiver and Release .  TO INDUCE ROS TO AGREE TO THE TERMS OF THIS AMENDMENT,  Unilife  REPRESENTS AND WARRANTS THAT AS OF THE DATE HEREOF THERE ARE NO CLAIMS OR OFFSETS AGAINST OR RIGHTS OF RECOUPMENT WITH RESPECT TO OR DEFENSES OR COUNTERCLAIMS TO ITS  

OBLIGATIONS UNDER THE LOAN DOCUMENTS AND IN ACCORDANCE THEREWITH IT:  
 (a)  WAIVES ANY AND ALL SUCH CLAIMS, OFFSETS, RIGHTS OF RECOUPMENT, DEFENSES OR COUNTERCLAIMS, WHETHER KNOWN OR UNKNOWN, ARISING PRIOR TO THE DATE HEREOF; AND 
 (b)  RELEASES AND DISCHARGES ROS, ITS AFFILIATES AND ITS AND THEIR OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, SHAREHOLDERS AND ATTORNEYS (COLLECTIVELY THE   RELEASED PARTIES  ) FROM ANY AND ALL OBLIGATIONS, INDEBTEDNESS, LIABILITIES, CLAIMS, RIGHTS, CAUSES OF ACTION OR DEMANDS WHATSOEVER, WHETHER KNOWN OR UNKNOWN, SUSPECTED OR UNSUSPECTED, IN LAW OR EQUITY, WHICH  Unilife  EVER HAD, NOW HAS, CLAIMS TO HAVE OR MAY HAVE AGAINST ANY RELEASED PARTY ARISING PRIOR TO THE DATE HEREOF AND FROM OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE LOAN DOCUMENTS OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED THEREBY. 
 10.   Counterparts; Governing Law .    This Amendment may be executed in any number of counterparts and by different parties hereto on separate counterparts, each of such when so executed and delivered shall be an original, but all of such counterparts shall together constitute but one and the same agreement.  Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page of this Amendment by fax transmission or other electronic mail transmission (e.g.,  pdf  or  tif ) shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this Amendment.  THIS AMENDMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE INTERNAL LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK (INCLUDING FOR SUCH PURPOSE SECTIONS 5-1401 AND 5-1402 OF THE GENERAL OBLIGATIONS LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK). 
 [Remainder of Page Intentionally Left Blank] 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF  , the parties hereto have caused this Amendment to be executed by their respective officers thereunto duly authorized as of the day and year first above written.     

Unilife Medical Solutions, Inc.  

By:  
 
 /s/ John Ryan  

Name:  John Ryan  

Title:    Senior Vice President, General  

Counsel and Secretary  

ROYALTY OPPORTUNITIES S.  R.L  By OrbiMed Advisors LLC, its investment manager   

By:  
 
 /s/ Samuel D. Isaly  

Name:  Samuel D. Isaly  

Title:    Managing Member  

Acknowledged and agreed:  
 EXECUTED as a deed by each Australian Subsidiary 

Unilife  Cross Farm LLC   

Unilife Corporation  

By:  
 
 /s/ John Ryan  

By:  
 
 /s/ John Ryan  

Name:  John Ryan  

Name:  John Ryan  

Title:    Senior Vice President, General  

Title:    Senior Vice President, General  

Counsel and Secretary  

Counsel and Secretary  

Executed  by  Unilife Medical Solutions Pty Limited  in accordance with Section 127 of the   Corporations Act 2001   

/s/ Alan Shortall  

/s/ Ramin Mojdeh  

Signature of director  

Signature of director  

Alan Shortall  

Ramin Mojdeh  

Name of director (print)  

Name of director (print)  

Executed  by  Unitract Syringe Pty Ltd  in accordance with Section 127 of the   Corporations Act 2001   

/s/ Alan Shortall  

/s/ Ramin Mojdeh  

Signature of director  

Signature of director  

Alan Shortall  

Ramin Mojdeh  

Name of director (print)  

Name of director (print)  

DISCLOSURE SCHEDULES  
 to the 
 SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT 
 dated as of February 22, 2016 
 by and among 
  UNILIFE CORPORATION, 
 UNILIFE MEDICAL SOLUTIONS, INC. 
 and 
 AMGEN INC. 
 These Disclosure Schedules (these   Disclosure Schedules  ) are being delivered pursuant to the Securities Purchase Agreement (the   Purchase Agreement  ), dated as of February 22, 2016 by and among Amgen Inc., a Delaware corporation (  Purchaser  ), Unilife Corporation, a Delaware corporation (the   Company  ), and Unilife Medical Solutions, Inc. a Delaware corporation (  Unilife Medical  , and together with the Company, the   Company Parties  ).  Capitalized terms used herein but not otherwise defined shall have the meanings ascribed to such terms in the Purchase Agreement. 
 These Disclosure Schedules contain numbered sections corresponding to sections in the Purchase Agreement.  The mere inclusion of an item in these Disclosure Schedules as an exception to a representation or warranty shall not be deemed an admission by any party that such item represents a material exception, fact, event or circumstance, or that such information constitutes or would reasonably be expected to constitute a Material Adverse Effect.  Any disclosures made in these Disclosure Schedules with respect to a section or subsection of the Purchase Agreement shall be deemed to qualify such sections or subsections specifically referenced or cross-referenced and any other section or subsection in these Disclosure Schedules to the extent that it is reasonably apparent on its face that such disclosure also pertains to such other section or subsection.  No disclosure in these Disclosure Schedules relating to any possible breach or violation of any agreement, law or regulation shall be construed as an admission or indication that any such breach or violation exists or has actually occurred, and no disclosure in these Disclosure Schedules constitutes an admission of any liability or obligation of any party to any third party nor an admission against any party s interests to any third party. 
 The descriptive headings in these Disclosure Schedules are inserted for convenience of reference only and are not intended to be part of, or to affect the meaning, construction or interpretation of these Disclosure Schedules or the Purchase Agreement. 

Section 5.1(b)  
     Capitalization: Outstanding Company Stock Options and Company Warrants, Company  

[]*   

[]*   

There are 3,557,326 shares of Common Stock reserved for outstanding stock options and warrants.   

Section 5.4  
 Consents 

The Purchase Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby require the consent of OrbiMed and the OrbiMed Amendments require Purchaser s     consent.   

In connection with the transactions contemplated by the Purchase Agreement, the Company is required to make applicable state and federal securities law filings and applicable filings with Nasdaq and the Australian Securities     Exchange.   

Notification and waiting requirements under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976, as amended, as     applicable.   

Section 5.7  
 No Conflicts 

See Section 5.4 of these Disclosure     Schedules.     

Section 5.8  
 Right of First Refusal; Stockholders Agreement; Voting Rights 
 OrbiMed will be granted registration rights pursuant to the OrbiMed Warrant. 

Section 5.12 
 Absence of Litigation 

Ms. R. Resser filed an Administrative Claim with the Pennsylvania Human Relations Commission.   

Mr. E. Furman has threatened to bring an action against the Company, its officers and directors claiming he is owed a commission of $225,000 and seeking punitive damages. The Company filed suit in the U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of Pennsylvania seeking a declaratory judgment that no commission is     owed.   

Section 5.15  
 Compliance with Laws 

From time to time, the Company has not timely complied with all continuous disclosure obligations under the Australian Securities Exchange (ASX) Listing Rules. Except as set forth in Section 5.16 to these Disclosure Schedules, the associated disclosures have been timely filed under applicable Commission and Trading Market     rules.   

Section 5.16  
   Securities and Exchange Act Requirements 

See Form 8-K filed by the Company with the Commission on December 2, 2015 concerning the Company s receipt of notice from the Listing Qualifications     Department of The NASDAQ Stock Market LLC regarding a violation of its minimum bid requirements.   

Section 5.18  
 Intellectual Property 

OrbiMed holds a security interest in all of the Company Intellectual Property pursuant to the Open-End Commercial Mortgage and Security Agreement, dated as of March 12, 2014, by Unilife Cross Farm LLC in favor of OrbiMed, for itself and as agent for Royalty Opportunities S.A     R.L.   

Hikma Pharmaceuticals LLC ( Hikma )   holds a security interest in the license rights granted under the   Binding License, Development and Supply Agreement dated November 18, 2013, and Supply and Quality Agreement dated September 15, 2014, between Hikma and Unilife Medical to the Unifill , Unifill Nexus  and Unifill Allure  syringes.   

The Company has entered into written confidentiality and nondisclosure agreements solely with those Persons as the Company has deemed necessary in order to protect the confidentiality of the trade secrets, proprietary information, confidential information and sensitive data that is owned, controlled or otherwise held by the     Company.   

</EX-10.13>

<EX-10.14>
 14
 unis-ex1014_817.htm
 EX-10.14

unis-ex1014_817.htm

Exhibit 10.14 
  Certain portions of this Exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for confidentiality.  Such omitted portions, which are marked with brackets [] and an asterisk*, have been separately filed with the Commission.  
 NEITHER THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE NOR THE SECURITIES INTO WHICH SUCH SECURITIES ARE CONVERTIBLE HAVE BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. THE SECURITIES MAY NOT BE OFFERED FOR SALE, SOLD, TRANSFERRED OR ASSIGNED (I) IN THE ABSENCE OF AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT FOR THE SECURITIES UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR (II) UNLESS SOLD PURSUANT TO RULE 144 UNDER SAID ACT. 
 UNILIFE CORPORATION 
 6% SENIOR SECURED CONVERTIBLE NOTE DUE 2023 

FOR VALUE RECEIVED,  Unilife Corporation, a Delaware corporation (  Holdings  ), and Unilife Medical Solutions, Inc., a Delaware corporation (  Solutions  , and together with Holdings and any other entity that may become a party hereto as provided herein, each a   Company   and, collectively the   Company  ), hereby promises to pay to Amgen Inc. or its registered assigns (  Amgen   or   Holder  ) the amount set out above opposite the caption   Principal   (as such amount may be increased or reduced from time to time pursuant to the terms hereof, whether through the payment of PIK Interest (as defined below) or through redemption, conversion or otherwise, the   Principal  ) when due, whether upon the Maturity Date (as defined below), acceleration, redemption or otherwise (in each case, in accordance with the terms hereof) and to pay Interest (as defined below) on the outstanding Principal at the rates, in the manner and at the times set forth herein. This Senior Secured Convertible Note Due 2023 (including all Senior Secured Convertible Notes Due 2023 issued in exchange, transfer or replacement hereof, this   Note  ) is one of several Senior Secured Convertible Notes Due 2023 that may be issued pursuant to that certain Securities Purchase Agreement, dated February 22, 2016 (collectively, the   Notes   and such other Senior Secured Convertible Notes Due 2023, the   Other Notes  ). Certain capitalized terms used herein are defined in Section 22. Capitalized terms used herein but not defined shall have the meaning given to such terms in the Securities Purchase Agreement. For the avoidance of doubt, unless otherwise expressly set forth herein, the Companies shall be jointly and severally responsible for the obligations of the  Company  or  Companies  set forth herein.  
   (1)  PAYMENTS and PREPAYMENTS . Except as otherwise expressly set forth herein, the Note will be repaid through reductions in principal and/or interest in amounts equal to (i) []* discounted pricing on purchases by Amgen or its Affiliates of the Company s products purchased pursuant to one or more of the License Agreements, the Development and Supply Agreement (as defined in the License Agreements), or otherwise, (ii) credits taken by Amgen or its Affiliates against development and customization fees for devices, if applicable, pursuant to one or more of the License Agreements, the Development and Supply Agreement, or otherwise and (iii) credits against per-unit royalties otherwise payable to the Company pursuant to one or more of the License Agreements, the Development and Supply Agreement, or otherwise for the manufacture and sale of the Company s products. To the extent that more than one Note is outstanding, repayment shall be applied to the Notes in the order of their issuance. Within 10 days after the Company has closed its financial books and records with respect to a month, the Company shall provide the Holder with a monthly statement with respect to such month indicating the calculation of any reduction in Principal or Interest pursuant to the preceding sentence and the Principal and Interest outstanding as of the close of such month after giving effect to any such  

reduction. On the Maturity Date and upon the surrender of this Note, the Company shall pay to the Holder in cash, an amount equal to any remaining outstanding Principal (if any) and accrued and unpaid Interest thereon. The    Maturity Date    shall be February 22, 2023.  
 The Company may prepay any portion of the outstanding Principal or any accrued and unpaid Interest on the terms and conditions set forth below. To prepay Holder any amount of outstanding Principal or accrued and unpaid Interest (a   Prepayment Amount  ) on a given date (a   Prepayment Date  ), the Company shall transmit by facsimile (or otherwise deliver) to Holder, for receipt on or prior to 5:00 p.m., Eastern Time, on the twentieth (20 th ) Business Day prior to the proposed Prepayment Date, a notice of prepayment (a   Prepayment Notice  ) specifying the proposed Prepayment Amount and proposed Prepayment Date. If, within the fifteen (15) Business Days following receipt of a Prepayment Notice, Holder delivers to the Company a Conversion Notice, then the Prepayment Amount on the applicable Prepayment Date shall be reduced by the Conversion Amount in such Conversion Notice (and, for the avoidance of doubt, if the Conversion Amount is greater than or equal to the Prepayment Amount, then no prepayment shall occur on the proposed Prepayment Date). 
 Following any such prepayment, Holder shall surrender this Note to a common carrier for delivery to the Company as soon as practicable on or following such date (or an indemnification undertaking with respect to this Note in the case of its loss, theft or destruction). If this Note is physically surrendered pursuant to the foregoing sentence and the outstanding Principal and accrued and unpaid Interest of this Note is greater than the Prepayment Amount, then the Company shall as soon as practicable and in no event later than three (3) Business Days after receipt of this Note and at its own expense, issue and deliver to the Holder a new Note (in accordance with Section 12(d)). Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Holder and the Company may agree to maintain records showing the portion of Principal and Interest prepaid and the applicable Prepayment Dates or use such other method, reasonably satisfactory to the Holder and the Company, so as not to require physical surrender of this Note upon prepayment. In the event of a dispute in connection with a prepayment of this Note, the Company shall prepay to the Holder the portion of the proposed Prepayment Amount not in dispute and resolve such dispute in accordance with Section 17. 
 (2)  INTEREST . 
 (a) Interest on this Note (  Interest  ) shall commence accruing at the Interest Rate on the Issuance Date and shall be computed on the basis of a 360-day year and twelve 30-day months and the actual number of days elapsed and shall be payable in arrears for each Calendar Quarter on the first day of the succeeding Calendar Quarter during the period beginning on the Issuance Date and ending on, and including, the Maturity Date (each, an   Interest Date  ) with the first Interest Date being April 1, 2016. Interest shall be payable on each Interest Date, to the record holder of this Note on the applicable Interest Date, through the addition of the amount of such Interest to the then outstanding Principal (  PIK Interest  ). Interest that is paid in the form of PIK Interest shall be considered paid or duly provided for, for all purposes under this Note, and shall not be considered overdue. 
 (b) Accrued and unpaid Interest due on any portion of the Principal that is converted pursuant to Section 3 shall accrue through the Conversion Date and shall be paid on the next Interest Date, unless the entire outstanding Principal amount is being converted, in which case, the accrued and unpaid Interest shall be paid on the corresponding Share Delivery Date. 
 (3)  CONVERSION OF NOTES . This Note shall be convertible into shares of Holdings  common stock, par value $0.01 per share (the   Common Stock  ), on the terms and conditions set forth in this Section 3. 
   (a)  Conversion Right . At any time or times on or after the Issuance Date, the Holder shall be entitled to convert any portion of the outstanding and unpaid Conversion Amount (as defined below)  

into fully paid and non-assessable shares of Common Stock in accordance with Section 3(c), at the Conversion Rate (as defined below). Holdings shall not issue any fraction of a share of Common Stock upon any conversion. If the issuance would result in the issuance of a fraction of a share of Common Stock, Holdings shall round such fraction of a share of Common Stock up to the nearest whole share. Holdings shall pay any and all transfer, stamp and similar taxes that may be payable with respect to the issuance and delivery of Common Stock upon conversion of any Conversion Amount.  
 (b)  Conversion Rate . The number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of any Conversion Amount pursuant to Section 3(a) shall be determined by dividing (x) such Conversion Amount by (y) the Conversion Rate (as defined below). 

(i)   
 
   Conversion Amount   means the portion of the Principal to be converted, redeemed or otherwise with respect to which this determination is being made (which shall include PIK Interest, if applicable under Section 2(b)).    

(ii)   
 
   Conversion Rate   means as of any Conversion Date (as defined below) or other date of determination during the period beginning on the Issuance Date and ending on and including the Maturity Date, 90% of the Twenty Day VWAP of the Common Stock on the Trading Day immediately prior to the applicable Conversion Date (the   Discounted Sale Price    provided ,  however , that if the Discounted Sale Price is an amount less than the greater of (x) $1.25 per share,(y) the Closing Sale Price on the Trading Day immediately preceding the Issuance Date, and (z) the book value (as calculated in accordance with the rules of the principal securities exchange or trading market of the Common Stock) on the Trading Day immediately preceding the Issuance Date, then the    

 Conversion Rate shall be equal to the amount that is the greater of (x),(y) and (z) (the floor price set forth in the foregoing proviso,   Conversion Rate Floor Price  ). 

(iii)   
 
 Notwithstanding any other provision, at no time may the Company issue shares of Common Stock to Noteholder which, when aggregated with all other shares of Common Stock then deemed Beneficially Owned by Noteholder, would result in Noteholder becoming the Beneficial Owner of more than 19.99% of all Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to such issuance.    

 (c)  Mechanics of Conversion.  

(i)   
 
    Optional Conversion . To convert any Conversion Amount into shares of Common Stock on any date (a   Conversion Date  ), the Holder shall (A) transmit by facsimile (or otherwise deliver), for receipt on or prior to 5:00 p.m., Eastern Time, on such date, a copy of an executed notice of conversion in the form attached hereto as  Exhibit I  (the   Conversion Notice  ) to Holdings and (B) if required by Section 3(c)(iii), surrender this Note to a common carrier for delivery to Holdings as soon as practicable on or following such date (or an indemnification undertaking with respect to this Note in the case of its loss, theft or destruction). On or before the first (1 st ) Business Day following the date of receipt of a Conversion Notice, Holdings shall transmit by facsimile or email a confirmation of receipt of such Conversion Notice to the Holder and the Transfer Agent. On or before the third (3 rd ) Business Day following the date of receipt of a     

Conversion Notice (the    Share Delivery Date   ), Holdings shall deliver the shares of Common Stock to which the Holder shall be entitled by Deposit/Withdrawal at Custodian (   DWAC   ) or other available means of electronic delivery through the Depository Trust Company. If this Note is physically surrendered for conversion as required by Section 3(c)(iii) and the outstanding Principal of this Note is greater than the portion of the Conversion Amount constituting principal, then Holdings at its own expense shall as soon as practicable and in any event either (i) mail to the holder within three (3) Business Days after receipt of this Note a new Note (in accordance with Section 12(d)) representing the outstanding Principal not converted, or (ii) deliver to the Holder within five (5) Business Days after receipt of this Note a new Note (in accordance with Section 12(d)) representing the outstanding Principal not converted. The Person or Persons entitled to receive the shares of Common Stock issuable upon a conversion of this Note shall be treated for all purposes as the record holder or holders of such shares of Common Stock on the Conversion Date to the extent permitted by applicable law.     

(ii)   
 
    Holdings  Failure to Timely Convert . If Holdings shall fail to deliver via DWAC or issue a certificate to the Holder for the number of shares of Common Stock to which the Holder is entitled upon conversion of any Conversion Amount on or prior to the date which is three (3) Business Days after the Conversion Date (a   Conversion Failure  ), then (A) the Company shall pay damages in cash to the Holder for each date of such Conversion Failure in an amount equal to 1.5% of the product of (I) the sum of the number of shares of Common Stock not issued to the Holder on or prior to the Share Delivery Date and to which the Holder is entitled, and (II) the Closing Sale Price of the Common Stock on the Share Delivery Date and (B) the Holder, upon written notice to Holdings, may void its Conversion Notice with respect to, and retain or have returned, as the case may be, any portion of this Note that has not been converted pursuant to such Conversion Notice; provided that the voiding of a Conversion Notice shall not affect the Company s obligations to make any payments which have accrued prior to the date of such notice pursuant to this Section 3(c)(ii) or otherwise. At the Holder s option in lieu of the foregoing, if within three (3) Business Days after Holdings  receipt of the facsimile copy of a Conversion Notice Holdings shall fail to issue and deliver a certificate or shares via the DWAC system to the Holder for the number of shares of Common Stock to which the Holder is entitled upon such holder s conversion of any Conversion Amount, and if on or after such Trading Day the Holder purchases (in an open market transaction or otherwise) Common Stock to deliver in satisfaction of a sale by the Holder of Common Stock issuable upon such conversion that the Holder anticipated receiving from Holdings (a   Common Stock Buy- In  ), then Holdings shall, within three (3) Business Days after the Holder s request (which shall include written evidence of a Common Stock Buy-In) and in the Holder s discretion, either (i) pay cash to the Holder in an amount equal to the Holder s total purchase price (including brokerage commissions, if any) for the shares of Common Stock so purchased (the   Common Stock Buy- In Price  ), at which point Holdings  obligation to deliver such certificate (and to issue such Common Stock) shall terminate, or (ii) promptly honor its obligation to deliver to the Holder a certificate or certificates representing such Common Stock and pay cash to the Holder in an amount equal     

to the excess (if any) of the Common Stock Buy-In Price over the product of (A) such number of shares of Common Stock, times (B) the Conversion Rate on the Conversion Date.     

(iii)   
 
  Book-Entry . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth herein, upon conversion of any portion of this Note in accordance with the terms hereof, the Holder shall not be required to physically surrender this Note to Holdings unless (A) the full Principal represented by this Note is being converted, together with all accrued and unpaid Interest thereon, or (B) the Holder has provided Holdings with prior written notice (which notice may be included in a Conversion Notice) requesting reissuance of this Note upon physical surrender of this Note. The Holder and Holdings shall maintain records showing the portion of Principal and Interest converted and the dates of such conversions or shall use such other method, reasonably satisfactory to the Holder and Holdings, so as not to require physical surrender of this Note upon conversion.    

(iv)   
 
  Disputes . In the event of a dispute as to the number of shares of Common Stock issuable to the Holder in connection with a conversion of this Note, Holdings shall issue to the Holder the number of shares of Common Stock not in dispute and resolve such dispute in accordance with Section 17.    

(v)   
 
  Sale or Transfer into Australia . The purpose of the issue and sale of this Note is not to facilitate the subsequent sale or transfer of this Note or shares of Common Stock issuable to the Holder on conversion of this Note (or grant, issue or transfer any interest in or option over such shares of Common Stock (including CDIs over such shares of Common Stock) into Australia within 12 months following the date of issue of this Note or shares of Common Stock issuable on conversion of this Note (as applicable) by the Company.    

 (d)  Hart-Scott-Rodino . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Note, in the event that any conversion of this Note is subject to the provisions of the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976, as amended (the   HSR Act  ), the conversion by the Holder of this Note and the issuance by the Company of shares of Common Stock required by such conversion shall be subject to the expiration or earlier termination of the waiting period under the HSR Act. 
 (4)  EVENTS OF DEFAULT; RIGHTS UPON EVENT OF DEFAULT . 
 (a)  Events of Default . Each of the following events (so long as it is continuing) shall constitute an   Event of Default  : 

(i)   
 
 Holdings  (A) failure to cure a Conversion Failure with respect to any of the Notes by delivery of the required number of shares of Common Stock within ten (10) Business Days after the applicable Conversion Date or (B) written notice to the Holder, or by way of public announcement by Holdings, at any time, of its intention not to comply with a request for conversion of any Notes into shares of Common Stock that is tendered for conversion in compliance with the provisions of the Notes and applicable securities laws;    

(ii)   
 
   the Company s failure to pay to the Holder any amount of Principal, premium (if any), Interest, or other amounts when and as due under this Note (including,     

without limitation, the Company s failure to pay any redemption payments hereunder), any other Transaction Document or any other agreement, document, certificate or other instrument delivered in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby to which such Holder is a party, provided, that such failure shall constitute an Event of Default only if such failure continues for a period of at least five (5) Business Days after the Company s receipt of written notice from the Holder of the failure to pay;     

(iii)   
 
 any acceleration prior to maturity of (A) any Indebtedness of the Company arising under the OrbiMed Credit Agreement or (B) any Indebtedness of the Company, other than the Notes or arising under the OrbiMed Credit Agreement, in an aggregate principal amount in excess of $1,000,000;    

(iv)   
 
 the Company, pursuant to or within the meaning of Title 11, U.S.Code, or any similar Federal, foreign or state law for the relief of debtors (collectively,   Bankruptcy Law  ), (A) commences a voluntary case, (B) consents to the entry of an order for relief against it in an involuntary case, (C) consents to the appointment of a receiver, trustee, assignee, liquidator or similar official (a   Custodian  ), (D) makes a general assignment for the benefit of its creditors, or (E) admits in writing, after the date on which this Note is originally issued to the initial Holder, that it is generally unable to pay its debts as they become due;    

(v)   
 
 a court of competent jurisdiction enters an order or decree under any Bankruptcy Law that (A) is for relief against the Company in an involuntary case, (B) appoints a Custodian of the Company or (C) orders the liquidation of the Company;    

(vi)   
 
 a final judgment or judgments for the payment of money aggregating in excess of $1,000,000 are rendered against the Company and which judgments are not, within sixty (60) days after the entry thereof, bonded, discharged or stayed pending appeal, or are not discharged within sixty (60) days after the expiration of such stay; provided, however, that any judgment which is covered by insurance or an indemnity from a creditworthy party shall not be included in calculating the $1,000,000 amount set forth above so long as the Company provides the Holder with a written statement from such insurer or indemnity provider (which written statement shall be reasonably satisfactory to the Holder) to the effect that such judgment is covered by insurance or an indemnity;    

(vii)   
 
 any representation or warranty made by the Company in any Transaction Document or any License Agreement shall prove to be materially false or misleading as of the date made or deemed made;    

(viii)   
 
 the Company shall materially breach any covenant or other term or condition of any Transaction Document or License Agreement and such material breach continues for a period of at least ten (10) consecutive Business Days (or, if the applicable cure period within such Transaction Document or License Agreement, as applicable, is longer, within such cure period) after written notice thereof is received by the Company from Amgen;    

(ix)   
 
      any material provision of any Transaction Document or License Agreement ceases to be of full force and effect other than by its terms, or the Company contests in writing (or supports any other person in contesting) the validity or enforceability of any provision of any Transaction Document or License Agreement or the validity or priority of a Lien as required by the Collateral Documents on a material portion of the Collateral;     

(x)   
 
 the execution or effectiveness of (i) any waiver or termination of, or amendment to, any amendment contemplated in Section 2 of either of the OrbiMed Amendments (as such term is defined in the Securities Purchase Agreement), or (ii) any other agreement, amendment or waiver that alters or affects or may alter or affect any amendment contemplated in Section 2 of either of the OrbiMed Amendments (as such term is defined in the Securities Purchase Agreement), in each case, without Holder s prior written consent;    

(xi)   
 
 (A) any Collateral Document shall for any reason (other than pursuant to the terms thereof) cease to create a valid and perfected lien (other than by the action or failure to take action by the Holder), with the priority required by the Collateral Documents, on, and security interest in, any material portion of the Collateral purported to be covered thereby, subject to Permitted Liens or (B) any Lien created or purported to be created by the Collateral Documents shall cease to have the same Lien priority established or purported to be established by the Intercreditor Agreement (other than by the action or failure to take action by the Holder); or    

(xii)   
 
 the incurrence of any lien on the Collateral that is not a Permitted Lien if such Lien is not discharged within five (5) consecutive Business Days.    

 (b)  Right of Holder upon Default . Upon the occurrence of an Event of Default with respect to this Note, the Company shall, within one (1) Business Day of the date on which the Company becomes aware of or reasonably should have become aware of such Event of Default, deliver written notice thereof via facsimile and overnight courier (an   Event of Default Notice  ) to the Holder. Upon the occurrence of any Event of Default (other than an Event of Default described in Sections 4(a)(iv) and 4(a)(v)) and at any time thereafter during the continuance of such Event of Default, the Holder may, by written notice to the Company (an   Event of Default Redemption Notice  ), declare all outstanding Obligations payable by the Company hereunder to be immediately due and payable without presentment, demand, protest or any other notice of any kind, all of which are hereby expressly waived, anything contained herein or in the other Transaction Documents to the contrary notwithstanding. Upon the occurrence of any Event of Default described in Sections 4(a)(iv) and 4(a)(v) immediately and without notice, all outstanding Obligations payable by the Company hereunder shall automatically become immediately due and payable, without presentment, demand, protest or any other notice of any kind, all of which are hereby expressly waived, anything contained herein or in the other Transaction Documents to the contrary notwithstanding. In addition to the foregoing remedies, upon the occurrence and during the continuance of any Event of Default, the Holder may exercise any other right, power or remedy granted to it by the Transaction Documents or otherwise permitted to it by law, either by suit in equity or by action at law, or both. If the Holder has submitted an Event of Default Redemption Notice in accordance with this Section 4(b), then the Company shall deliver the Event of Default Redemption Price to the Holder within five (5) Business Days after the delivery of the Event of Default Redemption Notice. 

(5)   REDEMPTION UPON CHANGE OF CONTROL  . No later than ten (10) days prior to the consummation of a Change of Control (or such shorter period prior to the occurrence of a Change of Control that the Company may have knowledge of the occurrence thereof), the Company shall deliver written notice thereof via facsimile and overnight courier to the Holder (a    Change of Control Notice   ). On the date of the consummation of the Change of Control (or, if the Company does not have knowledge of the occurrence of a Change of Control at least ten (10) days prior to the occurrence thereof, then within five (5) days after the Company obtains knowledge of the occurrence thereof), the Company shall redeem any outstanding portion of this Note in cash at a price equal to 101% of the aggregate Principal amount thereof, plus accrued and unpaid Interest, if any, to but excluding the Redemption Date (the    Change of Control Redemption Price   ). Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section 5, until the Change of Control Redemption Price has been tendered for payment in full, the Conversion Amount and any Interest submitted for redemption under this Section 5 may be converted, in whole or in part, by the Holder into Common Stock pursuant to Section 3 and the Change of Control Redemption Price shall no longer be due or payable with respect to any Conversion Amount and Interest so converted into shares of Common Stock.  
 (6)  RIGHTS UPON ISSUANCE OF PURCHASE RIGHTS . If at any time the Company grants, issues or sells any Options, Convertible Securities or rights to purchase stock, warrants, securities or other property pro rata to the record holders of any class of Common Stock (the   Purchase Rights  ), then the Holder will be entitled to acquire, upon the terms applicable to such Purchase Rights, the aggregate Purchase Rights which the Holder could have acquired if the Holder had held the number of shares of Common Stock acquirable upon complete conversion of this Note (without taking into account any limitations or restrictions on the convertibility of this Note) immediately before the date on which a record is taken for the grant, issuance or sale of such Purchase Rights, or, if no such record is taken, the date as of which the record holders of Common Stock are to be determined for the grant, issue or sale of such Purchase Rights. 
 (7)  RIGHTS UPON ISSUANCE OF OTHER SECURITIES . 
 (a)  Pro Rata Distributions . If Holdings, at any time while this Note is outstanding, distributes to all holders of Common Stock (i) evidences of its Indebtedness, (ii) any security (other than a distribution of Common Stock covered by the preceding paragraph), (iii) rights or warrants to subscribe for or purchase any security, or (iv) any other asset (in each case   Distributed Property  ), then, unless taken into account pursuant to Section 7(b) below, upon any conversion of this Note that occurs after such record date, the Holder shall be entitled to receive, in addition to the shares of Common Stock otherwise issuable upon such conversion, the Distributed Property that the Holder would have been entitled to receive in respect of such number of shares of Common Stock immediately prior to such record date. 
 (b)  Adjustment of Conversion Rate Floor Price upon Subdivision or Combination of Common Stock . If Holdings at any time on or after the Issuance Date subdivides (by any stock split, stock dividend, recapitalization or otherwise) one or more classes of its outstanding shares of Common Stock into a greater number of shares, the Conversion Rate Floor Price in effect immediately prior to such subdivision will be proportionately decreased. If Holdings at any time on or after the Issuance Date combines (by combination, reverse stock split or otherwise) one or more classes of its outstanding shares of Common Stock into a smaller number of shares, the Conversion Rate Floor Price in effect immediately prior to such combination will be proportionately increased. 

(8)   NONCIRCUMVENTION  . The Company hereby covenants and agrees that the Company will not, by amendment of its Certificate of Incorporation, Bylaws or through any reorganization, transfer of assets, consolidation, merger, scheme of arrangement, dissolution, issue or sale of securities, or any other voluntary action, avoid or seek to avoid the observance or performance of any of the terms of this Note, and will at all times in good faith carry out all of the provisions of this Note and take all action as may be required to protect the rights of the Holder of this Note.  
 (9)  REDEMPTIONS . In the event of a redemption of less than all of the Principal of this Note under Section 4(b), the Company shall promptly cause to be issued and delivered to the Holder (after such original Note has been delivered to the Company) a new Note representing the outstanding Principal that has not been redeemed. In the event that the Company does not pay the required redemption amount to the Holder within the time period required under Section 4(b), at any time thereafter and until the Company pays such amount in full, the Holder shall have the option, in lieu of redemption, to require the Company to promptly return to the Holder all or any portion of this Note representing the amount of Principal that was submitted for redemption and for which the redemption amount has not been paid. Upon the Company s receipt of such notice, (x) the redemption notice shall be null and void with respect to such amount and (y) the Company shall immediately return this Note, or issue a new Note to the Holder representing such amount. 
 (10)  RIGHTS . Except as otherwise provided for herein, the Holder shall have no rights as a stockholder of the Company as a result of being a holder of this Note, except as required by law, including, but not limited to, the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware, and as expressly provided in this Note. 
 (11)  COVENANTS . 
 (a)  Rank . All payments due under this Note shall rank pari passu with all Other Notes. 
 (12)  REISSUANCE OF THIS NOTE . 
 (a)  Transfer . If this Note is to be transferred in compliance with the Securities Purchase Agreement, the Holder shall surrender this Note to the Company, whereupon the Company will forthwith issue and deliver upon the order of the Holder a new Note, registered as the Holder may request, representing the outstanding Principal being transferred by the Holder and, if less than the entire outstanding Principal is being transferred, a new Note to the Holder representing the outstanding Principal not being transferred. The Holder and any assignee, by acceptance of this Note, acknowledge and agree that, by reason of the provisions of Section 3(c)(iii), following conversion or redemption of any portion of this Note, the outstanding Principal represented by this Note may be less than the Principal stated on the face of this Note. The Holder is not acquiring this Note for the purpose of selling or transferring this Note or the shares of Common Stock issuable on conversion of this Note (or granting, issuing or transferring any interest in or option over this Note or such shares of Common Stock (including CDIs over such shares of Common Stock)) into Australia, and the Holder will not sell this Note or any shares of Common Stock issuable on conversion of this Note into Australia, within 12 months following the date of issue of this Note or shares of common stock issuable on conversion of this Note (as applicable) by the Company unless such resale offer is exempt from the requirement to issue a disclosure document under section 708 or 708A of the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth). 
 (b)  Lost, Stolen or Mutilated Note . Upon receipt by the Company of evidence reasonably satisfactory to the Company of the loss, theft, destruction or mutilation of this Note, and, in the case of loss, theft or destruction, of an indemnification undertaking by the Holder to the Company, in customary form and, in the case of mutilation, upon surrender and cancellation of this Note, the Company shall execute and deliver to the Holder a new Note representing the outstanding Principal. 

(c)   Note Exchangeable for Different Denominations  . This Note is exchangeable, upon the surrender hereof by the Holder at the principal office of the Company, for a new Note or Notes representing in the aggregate the outstanding Principal of this Note, and each such new Note will represent such portion of such outstanding Principal as is designated by the Holder at the time of such surrender.  
 (d)  Issuance of New Notes . Whenever the Company is required to issue a new Note pursuant to the terms of this Note, such new Note (i) shall be of like tenor with this Note, (ii) shall represent, as indicated on the face of such new Note, the Principal remaining outstanding, (iii) shall have an issuance date, as indicated on the face of such new Note which is the same as the Issuance Date of this Note, (iv) shall have the same rights and conditions as this Note, and (v) shall represent accrued and unpaid Interest of this Note from the Issuance Date. 
 (13)  REMEDIES, CHARACTERIZATIONS, OTHER OBLIGATIONS, BREACHES AND INJUNCTIVE RELIEF.  
 (a) The remedies provided in this Note shall be cumulative and in addition to all other remedies available under this Note and any of the other Transaction Documents, at law or in equity (including a decree of specific performance and/or other injunctive relief), and nothing herein shall limit the Holder s right to pursue monetary damages for any failure by the Company to comply with the terms of this Note. Amounts set forth or provided for herein with respect to payments, conversion and the like (and the computation thereof) shall be the amounts to be received by the Holder and shall not, except as expressly provided herein, be subject to any other obligation of the Company (or the performance thereof). The Company acknowledges that a breach by it of its obligations hereunder will cause irreparable harm to the Holder and that the remedy at law for any such breach may be inadequate. The Company therefore agrees that, in the event of any such breach or threatened breach, the Holder shall be entitled, in addition to all other available remedies, to an injunction restraining any breach, without the necessity of showing economic loss and without any bond or other security being required. 
 (b) Notwithstanding the foregoing, the right of the Holder to receive payment of Principal, premium, if any, and Interest on the Note, on or after the respective due dates set forth herein (including in connection with a Change of Control), or convert any portion of the Note into shares of Common Stock on the terms and conditions set forth herein, or to bring suit for the enforcement of any such right to payment or conversion, shall not be impaired or affected without the consent of the Holder. 
 (14)  PAYMENT OF COLLECTION, ENFORCEMENT AND OTHER COSTS . If (a) this Note is placed in the hands of an attorney for collection or enforcement or is collected or enforced through any legal proceeding or the Holder otherwise takes action to collect amounts due under this Note or to enforce the provisions of this Note or (b) there occurs any bankruptcy, reorganization, receivership of the Company or other proceedings affecting Company creditors  rights and involving a claim under this Note, then the Company shall pay the costs incurred by the Holder for such collection, enforcement or action or in connection with such bankruptcy, reorganization, receivership or other proceeding, including, but not limited to, reasonable attorneys  fees and disbursements. 
 (15)  CONSTRUCTION; HEADINGS . This Note shall be deemed to be jointly drafted by the Company and the Holder and shall not be construed against any person as the drafter hereof. The headings of this Note are for convenience of reference and shall not form part of, or affect the interpretation of, this Note. 

(16)   FAILURE OR INDULGENCE NOT WAIVER  . No failure or delay on the part of the Holder in the exercise of any power, right or privilege hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise of any such power, right or privilege preclude other or further exercise thereof or of any other right, power or privilege.  
 (17)  DISPUTE RESOLUTION . In the case of a dispute as to the determination of the Closing Sale Price, the Closing Sale Price, the Redemption Price or the arithmetic calculation of the Conversion Rate or the Redemption Price, the Company shall submit the disputed determinations or arithmetic calculations via facsimile within one (1) Business Day of receipt, or deemed receipt, of the Conversion Notice or other event giving rise to such dispute, as the case may be, to the Holder. If the Holder and the Company are unable to agree upon such determination or calculation of the Redemption Price or the Conversion Rate, as applicable, within one (1) Business Day of such disputed determination or arithmetic calculation being submitted to the Holder, then the Company and the Holder shall, within one (1) Business Day thereafter submit via facsimile the disputed determination of the Closing Sale Price, the Closing Sale Price, to an independent, reputable investment bank or accounting firm selected by the Holder and approved by the Company, such approval not to be unreasonably withheld. The Company, at the Company s expense, shall cause the investment bank or the accounting firm, as the case may be, to perform the determinations or calculations and notify the Company and the Holder of the results no later than five (5) Business Days from the time it receives the disputed determinations or calculations. Such investment bank s or accounting firm s determination or calculation, as the case may be, shall be binding upon all parties absent manifest error. 
 (18)  NOTICES; PAYMENTS . 
 (a)  Notices . Whenever notice is required to be given under this Note, unless otherwise provided herein, such notice shall be given in accordance with Section 10.3 of the Securities Purchase Agreement. The Company shall provide the Holder with prompt written notice of all actions taken pursuant to this Note, including in reasonable detail a description of such action and the reason therefore. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Company will give written notice to the Holder (i) within one (1) Business Day upon any adjustment of the Conversion Rate Floor Price, setting forth in reasonable detail, and certifying, the calculation of such adjustment and (ii) at least ten (10) days prior to the date on which Holdings closes its books or takes a record (A) with respect to any dividend or distribution upon the Common Stock, (B) with respect to any pro rata subscription offer to holders of Common Stock or (C) for determining rights to vote with respect to any Change of Control, dissolution or liquidation, provided in each case that such information shall be made known to the public prior to or in conjunction with such notice being provided to the Holder. 
 (b)  Payments . Whenever any payment of cash is to be made by the Company to any Person pursuant to this Note, such payment shall be made in lawful money of the United States of America by a check drawn on the account of the Company and sent via overnight courier service to such Person at such address as previously provided to the Company in writing (which address shall initially be as set forth in Section 10.3 of the Securities Purchase Agreement); provided that the Holder may elect to receive a payment of cash via wire transfer of immediately available funds by providing the Company with prior written notice setting out such request and the Holder s wire transfer instructions. Whenever any amount expressed to be due by the terms of this Note is due on any day which is not a Business Day, the same shall instead be due on the next succeeding day which is a Business Day. 
   (c)  Withholding Taxes . All payments made by the Company hereunder shall be made without withholding for or on account of any present or future taxes (other than overall net income taxes imposed on the recipient). If any such withholding is so required, the Company shall make the withholding, pay the amount withheld to the appropriate authority before penalties attach thereto or  

interest accrues thereon and pay to the recipient such additional amount as may be necessary to ensure that the net amount actually received by the recipient free and clear of such taxes (including taxes on such additional amount) is equal to the amount that the recipient would have received had such withholding not been made. If the recipient is required to pay any such taxes, penalties or interest, the Company shall reimburse the recipient for that payment on demand. If the Company pays any such taxes, penalties or interest, it shall deliver official tax receipts or other evidence of payment to the recipient on whose account such withholding was made on or before the thirtieth day after payment. The Holder agrees to provide, promptly following the Company s request therefore, such forms or certifications as it is legally able to provide to establish an exemption from, or a reduction in, any withholding taxes that might otherwise apply.  
 (19)  CANCELLATION . After all Principal, accrued Interest and other amounts at any time owed on this Note have been paid in full, this Note shall automatically be deemed canceled, shall be surrendered to the Company for cancellation and shall not be reissued. 
 (20)  WAIVER OF NOTICE . To the extent permitted by law, the Company hereby waives demand, notice, protest and all other demands and notices in connection with the delivery, acceptance, performance, default or enforcement of this Note and the Securities Purchase Agreement. 
 (21)  GOVERNING LAW . This Note shall be construed and enforced in accordance with, and all questions concerning the construction, validity, interpretation and performance of this Note shall be governed by, the internal laws of the State of New York. 
 (22)  CERTAIN DEFINITIONS . For purposes of this Note, the following terms shall have the following meanings: 
 (a)   Affiliate   has the meaning ascribed to such term in Rule 12b-2 of the General Rules and Regulations under the Exchange Act. 
 (b)   Bankruptcy Code   means Chapter 11 of Title 11 of the United States Code, as amended from time to time and any successor statute and all rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. 
 (c)   Bankruptcy Law   has the meaning assigned to it in Section 4(a)(iv) hereof. 
 (d)   Beneficial Ownership   has the meaning set forth in Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act. 
 (e)   Bloomberg   means Bloomberg Financial Markets. 
 (f)   Business Day   means any day other than Saturday, Sunday or other day on which commercial banks in the City of New York are authorized or required by law to remain closed. 
 (g)   Calendar Quarter   means each of the period beginning on and including July 1 and ending on and including September 30; and the period beginning on and including October 1 and ending on and including December 31; the period beginning on and including January 1 and ending on and including March 31; the period beginning on and including April 1 and ending on and including June 30. 
 (h)   CDIs   means CHESS Depositary Interests representing shares of Common Stock (in the ratio of one (1) share of Common Stock to six (6) CHESS Depositary Interests). 
 (i)   Company   has the meaning assigned to it in the introduction hereof. 

(j)      Convertible Securities    means any evidences of Indebtedness, capital stock (other than shares of Common Stock) or other securities directly or indirectly convertible into or exchangeable for shares of Common Stock.  
 (k)   Change of Control   means: (1) the Holdings shall, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions consolidate or merge with or into (whether or not the Company is the surviving corporation) a Person or Persons (other than an Affiliate of the Company); provided, however, that the term  Change of Control  shall not include any consolidation or merger of Holdings where the stockholders of Holdings immediately prior to the consolidation or merger would be, immediately after the consolidation or merger, the Beneficial Owner, directly or indirectly, of shares representing in the aggregate 50% or more of the combined voting power of the securities of the entity issuing cash or securities in the consolidation or merger (or of its ultimate the parent entity, if any), or (2) that Holdings shall, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions sell, assign, transfer, license, convey or otherwise dispose of all or substantially all of the assets of Holdings to a Person or Persons (other than an Affiliate of the Company), or (3) a Person or Persons acting in concert make a purchase, tender or exchange offer that is accepted by the holders of more than the 50% of the outstanding shares of Common Stock (not including any shares of Common Stock held by the Person or Persons making or party to, or associated or affiliated with the Persons making or party to, such purchase, tender or exchange offer), or (4) any Person (other than the initial Holder or its Affiliates) or  group  of related Persons, is or becomes the Beneficial Owner, directly or indirectly, of 50% or more of the Common Stock of Holdings, or (5) the Company shall, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions consummate a securities purchase agreement or business combination (including, without limitation, a reorganization, recapitalization, spin-off) with a Person or Persons, in one or more related transactions, whereby such Person(s) acquire Beneficial Ownership (without regard to any conversion limitations or delays on the securities convertible into Common Stock, if any) of more than 50% of the number of shares of Common Stock issued and outstanding, or (6) reorganize, recapitalize or reclassify its Common Stock (other than a stock split, reverse stock split or other transaction contemplated by Section 7(b)), or (7) a majority of the Board of Directors of Holdings are not Continuing Directors, or (8) the Company shall sell or, other than to a customer in the ordinary course of business, grant an exclusive license to the Collateral to another Person. 
 (l)   Change of Control Notice   has the meaning assigned to it in Section 5 hereof. 
 (m)   Change of Control Redemption Price   has the meaning assigned to it in Section 5 hereof. 
   (n)   Closing Sale Price   means, for any security as of any date, the last closing bid price and last closing trade price, respectively, for such security, as reported by Bloomberg (whether or not such security is trading on an Eligible Market at such time), or, if the market on which the security is trading begins to operate on an extended hours basis and does not designate the closing bid price or the closing trade price, as the case may be, then the last bid price or last trade price, respectively, of such security prior to 4:00:00 p.m., New York Time, as reported by Bloomberg, or, if the market on which the security is trading is not the principal securities exchange or trading market for such security, the last closing bid price or last trade price, respectively, of such security on the principal securities exchange or trading market where such security is listed or traded as reported by Bloomberg, or if the foregoing do not apply, the last closing bid price or last trade price, respectively, of such security in the over-the-counter market on the electronic bulletin board for such security as reported by Bloomberg, or, if no closing bid price or last trade price, respectively, is reported for such security by Bloomberg, the average of the bid prices, or the ask prices, respectively, of any market makers for such security as reported in the  pink sheets  by Pink Sheets LLC (formerly the National Quotation Bureau, Inc.). If the Closing Sale Price cannot be calculated for a security on a particular date on any of the foregoing bases, the  

Closing Sale Price, as the case may be, of such security on such date shall be the fair market value as mutually determined by the Company and the Holder. If the Company and the Holder are unable to agree upon the fair market value of such security, then such dispute shall be resolved pursuant to Section 17. All such determinations to be appropriately adjusted for any stock dividend, stock split, stock combination or other similar transaction during the applicable calculation period.  
 (o)   Collateral   has the meaning given to such term in the Security Agreement. 
 (p)   Commission   means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission. 
 (q)   Common Stock   has the meaning assigned to it in Section 3 hereof. 
 (r)   Common Stock Buy-In   has the meaning assigned to it in Section 3(c)(ii) hereof. 
 (s)   Common Stock Buy-In Price   has the meaning assigned to it in Section 3(c)(ii) hereof. 
 (t)   Contingent Obligation   means, as to any Person, any direct or indirect liability, contingent or otherwise, of that Person with respect to any indebtedness, lease, dividend or other obligation of another Person if the primary purpose or intent of the Person incurring such liability, or the primary effect thereof, is to provide assurance to the obligee of such liability that such liability will be paid or discharged, or that any agreements relating thereto will be complied with, or that the holders of such liability will be protected (in whole or in part) against loss with respect thereto. 
 (u)   Continuing Director   means, as of any date of determination, any member of the Board of Directors of Holdings who: (1) was a member of such Board of Directors on the Issuance Date or (2) was nominated for election or elected to the Board of Directors with the approval of a majority of the Continuing Directors who were members of the Board of Directors at the time of such nomination or election. 
 (v)   Conversion Amount   has the meaning assigned to it in Section 3(b)(i) hereof. 
 (w)   Conversion Date   has the meaning assigned to it in Section 3(c)(i) hereof. 
 (x)   Conversion Failure   has the meaning assigned to it in Section 3(c)(ii) hereof. 
 (y)   Conversion Notice   has the meaning assigned to it in Section 3(c)(i) hereof. 
 (z)   Conversion Rate   has the meaning assigned to it in Section 3(b)(ii) hereof. 
 (aa)   Custodian   has the meaning assigned to it in Section 4(a)(iv) hereof. 
 (bb)   Discounted Sale Price   has the meaning assigned to it in Section 3(b)(ii) hereof. 
 (cc)   Distributed Property   has the meaning assigned to it in Section 7(a) hereof. 
 (dd)   DWAC   has the meaning assigned to it in Section 3(c)(i) hereof. 
 (ee)   Eligible Market   means a national security exchange that has registered with the Commission under Section 6 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 
 (ff)   Event of Default   has the meaning assigned to it in Section 4(a) hereof. 

(gg)      Event of Default Notice    has the meaning assigned to it in Section 4(b) hereof.  
 (hh)   Event of Default Redemption Notice   has the meaning assigned to it in Section 4(b) hereof. 
 (ii)   Event of Default Redemption Price   means a price equal to 100% of the aggregate Principal amount thereof, plus accrued and unpaid Interest, if any, to but excluding the Redemption Date. 
 (jj)   Exchange Act   has means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 
 (kk)   GAAP   means U.S. generally accepted accounting principles consistently applied. 
 (ll)   Holder   has the meaning assigned to it in the introduction hereof. 
 (mm)   Indebtedness   means (1) all indebtedness for borrowed money, (2) all obligations issued, undertaken or assumed as the deferred purchase price of property or services (including, without limitation,  capital leases  in accordance with GAAP) (other than trade payables entered into in the ordinary course of business), (3) all reimbursement or payment obligations with respect to letters of credit, surety bonds and other similar instruments, (4) all obligations evidenced by notes, bonds, debentures or similar instruments, including obligations so evidenced incurred in connection with the acquisition of property, assets or businesses, (5) all indebtedness created or arising under any conditional sale or other title retention agreement, or incurred as financing, in either case with respect to any property or assets acquired with the proceeds of such indebtedness (even though the rights and remedies of the seller or bank under such agreement in the event of default are limited to repossession or sale of such property), (6) all monetary obligations under any leasing or similar arrangement which, in connection with GAAP, consistently applied for the periods covered thereby, is classified as a capital lease, (7) all indebtedness referred to in clauses (1) through (6) above secured by (or for which the holder of such Indebtedness has an existing right, contingent or otherwise, to be secured by) any mortgage, lien, pledge, charge, security interest or other encumbrance upon or in any property or assets (including accounts and contract rights) owned by any Person, even though the Person which owns such assets or property has not assumed or become liable for the payment of such indebtedness, and (8) all Contingent Obligations in respect of indebtedness or obligations of others of the kinds referred to in clauses (1) through (7) above. 
 (nn)   Interest   has the meaning assigned to it in Section 2(a) hereof. 
 (oo)   Interest Date   has the meaning assigned to it in Section 2(a) hereof. 
 (pp)   Interest Rate   means six percent (6.0%) per annum. 
 (qq)   Issuance Date   means February 22, 2016. 
 (rr)   License Agreements   means (i) the License Agreement, dated as of February 5, 2016, by and among Amgen Inc., Holdings and Solutions and (ii) the Unilife Product License Agreement, dated as of February 22, 2016, by and among Amgen Inc., Holdings and Solutions. 
 (ss)   Lien   means any claim, mortgage, deed of trust, levy, charge, license, lien, pledge, charge, security interest or other similar encumbrance of any kind, whether voluntarily incurred or arising by operation of law or otherwise upon or in any property or assets (including accounts and contract rights) owned by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries. 

(tt)      Maturity Date    has the meaning assigned to it in Section 1 hereof.  
 (uu)   Note   has the meaning assigned to it in the introduction hereof. 
 (vv)   Note Delivery Date   has the meaning assigned to it in Section 3(c)(i) hereof. 
 (ww)   Obligations   shall mean and include all loans, advances, debts, liabilities and obligations, howsoever arising, owed by the Company to the Holder of every kind and description, now existing or hereafter arising under or pursuant to the terms of this Note and the other Transaction Documents, including, all interest, fees, charges, expenses, attorneys  fees and costs and accountants  fees and costs chargeable to and payable by the Company hereunder and thereunder, in each case, whether direct or indirect, absolute or contingent, due or to become due, and whether or not arising after the commencement of a proceeding under the Bankruptcy Code (including post-petition interest) and whether or not allowed or allowable as a claim in any such proceeding. 
 (xx)   Options   means rights, options or warrants to subscribe for, purchase or otherwise acquire shares of Common Stock or Convertible Securities. 
 (yy)   OrbiMed Credit Agreement   means that certain Credit Agreement, dated as of March 12, 2014, by and among Unilife Medical Solutions, Inc., as borrower, and ROS Acquisition Offshore LP, as lender (as the same may be amended, restated, supplemented or modified from time to time). 
 (zz)   Other Notes   has the meaning assigned to it in the introduction hereof. 
 (aaa)   Permitted Lien   has the meaning ascribed to such term in the Security Agreement. 
 (bbb)   Person   means and includes all natural persons, corporations, business trusts, associations, companies, partnerships, joint ventures, limited liability companies and other entities and governments and agencies and political subdivisions. 
 (ccc)   PIK Interest   has the meaning assigned to it in Section 2(a) hereof. (ddd)  Principal  has the meaning assigned to it in the introduction hereof. (eee)  Purchase Rights  has the meaning assigned to it in Section 6 hereof. 
 (fff)   Redemption Price   means either an Event of Default Redemption Price or Change of Control Redemption Price. 
 (ggg)   Register   has the meaning assigned to it in Section 24 hereof. 
 (hhh)   Security Agreement   means that certain security agreement dated as of the Initial Closing Date by and among Unilife Corporation and Amgen Inc., pursuant to which the Notes were secured. 
 (iii)   Securities Purchase Agreement   means that certain securities purchase agreement dated as of the Issuance Date by and among Unilife Corporation and Amgen Inc., pursuant to which the Company issued the Notes. 
 (jjj)   Share Delivery Date   has the meaning assigned to it in Section 3(c)(i) hereof. 
 (kkk)   Solutions   has the meaning assigned to it in the introduction hereof. 

(lll)      Trading Day    means any day on which the Common Stock is traded on the Principal Market, or, if the Principal Market is not the principal trading market for the Common Stock, then on the principal securities exchange or securities market on which the Common Stock is then traded; provided that  Trading Day  shall not include any day on which the Common Stock is scheduled to trade on such exchange or market for less than 4.5 hours or any day that the Common Stock is suspended from trading during the final hour of trading on such exchange or market (or if such exchange or market does not designate in advance the closing time of trading on such exchange or market, then during the hour ending at 4:00:00 p.m., New York Time).  
 (mmm)   Twenty Day VWAP   means, for any security as of any date, the volume weighted average price of such security during the twenty (20) Trading Days preceding such date (whether or not such security is trading on an Eligible Market at such time). If the Twenty Day VWAP cannot be calculated for a security on a particular date on the foregoing basis, the Twenty Day VWAP of such security on such date shall be the fair market value as mutually determined by the Company and the Holder. If the Company and the Holder are unable to agree upon the fair market value of such security, then such dispute shall be resolved pursuant to Section 17. All such determinations to be appropriately adjusted for any stock dividend, stock split, stock combination or other similar transaction during the applicable calculation period. 
 (23)  SECURITY . The Notes shall be secured by and to the extent provided in the Security Agreement. 
 (24)  PERMITTED TRANSFERS . If this Note is transferred pursuant to the terms of the Securities Purchase Agreement, the Company and any Holder shall comply with the terms of Section 10.6(b) of the Securities Purchase Agreement. 
 (25)  REGISTERED OBLIGATION . The Company shall establish and maintain a record of ownership (the   Register  ) in which it will register the interest of the initial Holder and of each subsequent assignee in this Note, and the right to receive any payments of principal and interest or any other payments hereunder, and any assignment of any such interest. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, this Note is intended to be treated as a registered obligation for federal income tax purposes and the right, title, and interest of the Holder and its assignees in and to payments under this Note shall be transferable only upon notation of such transfer in the Register. This Section shall be construed so that the Note is at all times maintained in  registered form  within the meaning of Sections 163(f), 871(h)(2) and 881(c)(2) of the Internal Revenue Code and any related regulations (or any successor provisions of the Code or such regulations). 
 [Signature Page Follows] 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF,   the Company has caused this Note to be duly executed as of the Issuance Date set out above.  

UNILIFE CORPORATION  

By:  

/s/ John Ryan  

Name: John Ryan  

Title: Senior Vice President, General Counsel, and Secretary  

UNILIFE MEDICAL SOLUTIONS, INC.,  

By:  

/s/ John Ryan  

Name: John Ryan  

Title: Senior Vice President, General Counsel, and Secretary  

n ote  

EXHIBIT I  
 UNILIFE CORPORATION 
 CONVERSION NOTICE 
 TO BE EXECUTED BY THE REGISTERED HOLDER TO CONVERT THIS NOTE 
 INTO COMMON STOCK 
 Reference is made to the Senior Secured Convertible Note due 2023 (the   Note  ) issued to the undersigned by Unilife Corporation (  Holdings  ). In accordance with and pursuant to the Note, the undersigned hereby elects to convert the Conversion Amount (as defined in the Note) of the Note indicated below into shares of Common Stock, par value $0.01 per share (the   Common Stock  ), of Holdings as of the date specified below. The undersigned hereby makes the representations and warranties set forth in Section 5 of the Securities Purchase Agreement. 

Date of Conversion:  

Aggregate Conversion Amount to be converted:  

Please confirm the following information:  

Conversion Rate:  

Number of shares of Common Stock to be issued:   

Common Stock Beneficially Owned:  

Please issue the Common Stock into which the Note is being converted in the following name and to the following address:  

Issue to:  

Facsimile Number:  

Authorization:  

By:  

Title:  

Dated:  

Account Number:  

(if electronic book entry transfer)  

Transaction Code Number:   

(if electronic book entry transfer)  

ACKNOWLEDGMENT  
 Holdings hereby acknowledges this Conversion Notice and hereby directs                                      , Holdings  transfer agent (the   Transfer Agent  ), to issue the above indicated number of shares of Common Stock in accordance with the Transfer Agent Instructions dated                                    , 20           from Holdings and acknowledged and agreed to by Transfer Agent. 

UNILIFE CORPORATION  

By:  

Name:  

Title:   

DM3\4193777.3   

</EX-10.14>

<EX-10.15>
 15
 unis-ex1015_1362.htm
 EX-10.15

unis-ex1015_1362.htm

Exhibit  10.15  
 This Warrant was not issued pursuant to a disclosure document under Chapter 6D of the Australian Corporations Act 2001 (the  Corporations Act ) or a product disclosure statement under Chapter 7 of the Corporations Act.  This Warrant may not be offered for resale within Australia within 12 months of it having been issued unless any such resale offer is exempt from the requirement to issue a disclosure document under section 708 of the Corporations Act. 
 UNILIFE CORPORATION 
 WARRANT 
 dated as of February 22, 2016 
 THIS CERTIFIES THAT, for value received, Royalty Opportunities S.  r.l or its successors or permitted assigns (such Person and such successors and assigns each being the  Warrant Holder  with respect to the Warrant held by it), at any time and from time to time on any Business Day on or prior to 5:00 p.m. (New York City time), on the Expiration Date (as herein defined), is entitled (a) to subscribe for the purchase from Unilife Corporation, a Delaware corporation (the  Company ), 16,739,805 Shares (currently trading in the form of common stock on NASDAQ) at a price per Share equal to the Exercise Price (as herein defined), and (b) to the other rights set forth herein;  provided  that the number of Shares issuable upon any exercise of this Warrant and the Exercise Price shall be adjusted and readjusted from time to time in accordance with Section 5.  By accepting delivery hereof, the Warrant Holder agrees to be bound by the provisions hereof. 
 IN FURTHERANCE THEREOF, the Company irrevocably undertakes and agrees for the benefit of Warrant Holder as follows: 
 Section 1.  Definitions and Construction . 
 (a)  Certain Definitions .  As used herein (the following definitions being applicable in both singular and plural forms): 
   Affiliate   means, with respect to any Person, any other Person that directly or indirectly controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with such Person.  
   ASX   means ASX Limited or the Australian Securities Exchange operated by ASX Limited as the context requires. 
   ASX Listing Rules   means listing rules of the official list of the ASX, as amended or waived from time to time. 
   ASX Settlement Rules   means the ASX Settlement Operating Rules of ASX Settlement Pty Limited, as amended or waived from time to time. 
   Appraised Value   means at any time the fair market value thereof determined in good faith by the Board of Directors of the Company as of a date which is within ten (10) days of the date as of which the determination is to be made.  
   Business Day   means any day except a Saturday, Sunday or other day on which commercial banks in New York City or Sydney, Australia are authorized by law to close. 
 1 

CDIs    means CHESS Depositary Interests over Shares which are traded on the ASX.  
   Corporations Act   means the Australian Corporations Act 2001 (Cth), as amended from time to time.  
   Closing Price   means, for any trading day with respect to a Share, (a) the last reported sale price on such day on the principal national securities exchange on which the Shares are listed or admitted to trading or, if no such reported sale takes place on any such day, the average of the closing bid and asked prices thereon, as reported in  The Wall Street Journal , or (b) if such Shares shall not be listed or admitted to trading on a national securities exchange, then the average of the closing bid and asked prices, as reported by  The Wall Street Journal  for the over-the-counter market;  provided  that if  clause (a) or (b)  applies and no price is reported in  The Wall Street Journal  for any trading day, then the price reported in  The Wall Street Journal  for the most recent prior trading day shall be deemed to be the price reported for such trading day. 
   Commission   means the Securities and Exchange Commission or any other Federal agency administering the Securities Act at the time. 
   Exchange Act   means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, or any successor Federal statute, and the rules and regulations of the Commission thereunder, all as the same shall be in effect at the time. 
   Exercise Amount   means for any number of Warrant Shares as to which this Warrant is being exercised the product of (i) such number of Warrant Shares  times  (ii) the Exercise Price. 
   Exercise Price   means $1.25 per Warrant Share, as adjusted from time to time pursuant to Section 5. 
   Expiration Date   means February 22, 2026. 
   Initial Holder   means  Royalty Opportunities S.  r.l.  
 " NASDAQ " means the NASDAQ Stock Market, Inc. 
   Person   means an individual, a corporation, a partnership, an association, a trust or any other entity or organization, including a government or political subdivision or an agency or instrumentality thereof. 
   Prospectus Supplement   means the prospectus supplement to the Base Prospectus relating to the registration for resale of the Warrant and Warrant Shares. 
   Public Reports   includes all reports filed by Company under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act, including pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) thereof, for the two full fiscal years preceding the date of this Warrant and thereafter. 
   Requisite Holders   means at any time holders of Warrants representing at least a majority of the Warrant Shares outstanding or issuable upon the exercise of all the outstanding Warrants. 
   Registration Statement   means the Company s shelf registration statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-197122), including the prospectus therein (the   Base Prospectus  ), amendments and supplements thereto relating to the offer and sale of the Warrant and the Warrant Shares (including pre- and post-effective amendments), all exhibits thereto, and all material incorporated by reference or deemed to be incorporated by reference in such registration statement, and any information contained or incorporated by reference in a prospectus filed with the Commission in connection with the Registration Statement relating to the offer and sale of the Warrant and the Warrant Shares, to the extent such information is deemed under the Securities Act to be part of any such registration statement. 
   Securities Act   means the Securities Act of 1933, or any successor Federal statute, and the rules and regulations of the Commission thereunder, all as the same shall be in effect at the time. 
 2 

Shares    means the Company's currently authorized common stock,   $0.01   par value, and stock of any other class or other consideration into which such currently authorized capital stock may hereafter have been changed.  For the avoidance of doubt, references to the Shares do not apply to CDIs.  
   Warrant   means, as the context requires, this warrant and any successor warrant or warrants issued upon a whole or partial transfer or assignment of any such Share purchase warrant or of any such successor warrant. 
   Warrant Shares   means the number of Shares issued or issuable upon exercise of this Warrant as set forth in the introduction hereto, as adjusted from time to time pursuant to Section 5, or in the case of other Warrants, issuable upon exercise of those Warrants. 
 (b)  Accounting Terms and Determinations .  Unless otherwise specified herein, all accounting terms used herein shall be interpreted, all accounting determinations hereunder shall be made, and all financial statements required to be delivered hereunder shall be prepared, in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles.  When used herein, the term  financial statements  shall include the notes and schedules thereto.  References to fiscal periods are to fiscal periods of the Company. 
 (c)  Computation of Time Periods .  With respect to the computation of periods of time from a specified date to a later specified date, the word  from  means  from and including  and the words  to  and  until  each mean  to but excluding.   Periods of days shall be counted in calendar days unless otherwise stated. 
 (d)  Construction .  Unless the context requires otherwise, references to the plural include the singular and to the singular include the plural, references to any gender include any other gender, the part includes the whole, the term  including  is not limiting, and the term  or  has, except where otherwise indicated, the inclusive meaning represented by the phrase  and/or.   The words  hereof,   herein,   hereby,   hereunder,  and similar terms in this Warrant refer to this Warrant as a whole and not to any particular provision of this Warrant.  Section, subsection, clause, exhibit and schedule references are to this Warrant, unless otherwise specified.  Any reference to this Warrant includes any and all permitted alterations, amendments, changes, extensions, modifications, renewals, or supplements thereto or thereof, as applicable. 
 (e)  Exhibits and Schedules .  All of the exhibits and schedules attached hereto shall be deemed incorporated herein by reference. 
 (f)  No Presumption Against Any Party .  Neither this Warrant nor any uncertainty or ambiguity herein or therein shall be construed or resolved using any presumption against any party hereto or thereto, whether under any rule of construction or otherwise.  On the contrary, this Warrant has been reviewed by each of the parties and their counsel and, in the case of any ambiguity or uncertainty, shall be construed and interpreted according to the ordinary meaning of the words used so as to fairly accomplish the purposes and intentions of all parties hereto. 
 Section 2.  Exercise of Warrant . 
   (a)  Exercise and Payment .  The Warrant Holder may exercise this Warrant in whole or in part, at any time or from time to time on any Business Day on or prior to the Expiration Date, by delivering to the Company a duly executed notice (a   Notice of Exercise  ) in the form of  Exhibit A  and by payment to the Company of the Exercise Price per Warrant Share, at the election of the Warrant Holder, either (a) by wire transfer of immediately available funds to the account of the Company in an amount equal to the Exercise Amount, (b) by receiving from the Company the number of Warrant Shares equal to (i) the number of Warrant Shares as to which this Warrant is being exercised minus (ii) the number of Warrant  
 3 

Shares having a value, based on the Closing Price on the trading day immediately prior to the date of such exercise (or if there is no such Closing Price, then based on the Appraised Value as of such day), equal to the Exercise Amount, or (c) any combination of the foregoing.  For all purposes of this Warrant (other than this Section 2(a)), any reference herein to the exercise of this Warrant shall be deemed to include a reference to the exchange of this Warrant into Shares subject to and in accordance with the terms of clause (b).    
 (b)  Effectiveness and Delivery .  As soon as practicable but not later than five Business Days after the Company shall have received such Notice of Exercise and payment, the Company shall instruct its transfer agent or depository to enter in its book entry settlement system the names of the respective holders thereof for that number of Shares issuable upon such exercise. If the transfer agent or depository for the Company ceases to make its book-entry settlement system available for the Shares the Company shall instruct the transfer agent or depository to issue physical certificates for the Shares issuable upon such exercise.   
 To the extent that the Company is able to rely on the relief provided by section 708A(5) of the Corporations Act, the Company will procure that its share registrar issue a holding statement with respect to such Warrant Shares and will within five Business Days after the date of issue, provide the ASX a notice meeting the requirements of section 708A(6) of the Corporations Act. In the event that the Company is unable to rely on the relief provided by section 708A(5) of the Corporations Act, prior to the issue of the relevant Warrant Shares, it will as promptly as practicable and in any event within 10 Business Days after the date of the Notice of Exercise issue a compliance prospectus as is required under Part 6D.2 of the Corporations Act to enable the  on-sale  of the relevant Warrant Shares and shall as soon as practicable issue the relevant Warrant Shares specified in the Notice of Exercise and register such Warrant Shares in the name of the Warrant Holder as the holder of record and will procure that its share registrar issue a holding statement with respect to such Warrant Shares.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, the provisions of this paragraph shall not apply to the extent that the CDIs are no longer listed on the ASX.     
 For the purposes of this Section 2(b), the Company warrants that (a) the purpose of the issue and sale of the Warrants is not to facilitate the subsequent sale or transfer of the Warrants or Warrant Shares (or grant, issue or transfer any interest in or option over the Warrant Shares (including or CDIs over the Warrant Shares)) on ASX or in an off-market sale into Australia; and (b) the Warrant Holder warrants that it is not acquiring the Warrants or the Warrant Shares for the purpose of selling or transferring the Warrants or the Warrant Shares (or granting, issuing or transferring any interest in or option over the Warrants or Warrant Shares (including CDIs over Warrant Shares)) on ASX or in an off-market sale into Australia. 
 (c)  Surrender of Warrant .  The Warrant Holder shall surrender this Warrant to the Company when it delivers the Notice of Exercise, and in the event of a partial exercise of the Warrant, the Company shall execute and deliver to the Warrant Holder, at the time the Company delivers the Shares issued pursuant to such Notice of Exercise, a new Warrant for the unexercised portion of the Warrant, but in all other respects identical to this Warrant. 
 (d)  Compliance with Law .  The Company shall comply with its by-laws and the applicable rules of NASDAQ  such that all shares of Common Stock issued on the exercise of the Warrant are validly issued, fully paid, freely transferable and rank in all respects (including but not limited to rights relating to dividends)  pari passu  with the existing Common Stock at the date of issue.   
 (e)  Issuance .  No Warrant Shares shall be issued in the form of CDIs.   
 4 

(f)   Fractional Shares  .  The Company shall not be required to issue fractions of Shares upon an exercise of the Warrant.  If any fraction of a Share would, but for this restriction, be issuable upon an exercise of the Warrant, in lieu of delivering such fractional Share, the Company shall pay to the Warrant Holder, in cash, an amount equal to the same fraction times the Closing Price on the trading day immediately prior to the date of such exercise (or if there is no such Closing Price, then based on the Appraised Value as of such day).  
 (g)  Expenses and Taxes .  The Company shall pay all expenses, taxes and owner charges payable in connection with the preparation, issuance and delivery of the Warrant Shares and any new Warrants, except that if the Warrant Shares or the new Warrants are to be registered in a name or names other than the name of the Warrant Holder, funds sufficient to pay all transfer taxes payable as a result of such transfer shall be paid by the Warrant Holder at the time of its delivery of the Notice of Exercise or promptly upon receipt of a written request by the Company for payment. 
 (h)  Automatic Cashless Exercise .   To the extent that there has not been an exercise by the Warrant Holder pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof, any portion of the Warrant that remains unexercised shall be exercised automatically in whole (not in part), upon the Expiration Date.  Payment by the Warrant Holder upon such automatic exercise shall be in the form of the Warrant Holder receiving from the Company the number of Warrant Shares equal to (i) the number of Warrant Shares as to which this Warrant is being automatically exercised minus (ii) the number of Warrant Shares having a value, based on the Closing Price on the trading day immediately prior to the date of such automatic exercise (or if there is no such Closing Price, then based on the Appraised Value as of such day), equal to the Exercise Amount.  
 (i)  HSR Act .  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Warrant, in the event that any exercise of this Warrant is subject to the provisions of the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976, as amended (the   HSR Act  ), the exercise by the Warrant Holder of this Warrant, the satisfaction by the Warrant Holder of the payment obligations under this Warrant, and the issuance by the Company of the Warrant Shares shall be subject to the expiration or earlier termination of the waiting period under the HSR Act. 
 Section 3.  Reserved.  
 Section 4.  Representations and Warranties.   The Company hereby represents, warrants and covenants to the Warrant Holder, as of the date of this Warrant: 
 (a) This Warrant has been duly authorized, is validly issued, and constitutes the valid and binding obligation of the Company. 
 (b) The Company is duly authorized and has reserved, and the Company hereby agrees that it will at all times until the Expiration Date have duly authorized and reserved, such number of Shares as will be sufficient to permit the exercise in full of the Warrant, and that all such Shares are and will be duly authorized and, when issued upon exercise of the Warrant, will be validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable, and free and clear of all security interests, claims, liens, equities and other encumbrances. 
   (c) The Registration Statement has become effective under the Securities Act. The Company has complied in all material respects with all requests of the Commission for additional or supplemental information, if any, relating to the Registration Statement. No stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement is in effect and no proceedings for such purpose have been instituted by the Commission or are pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, are contemplated or threatened by the Commission. At the time the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended June 30, 2015  
 5 

was filed with the Commission, or, if later, at the time the Registration Statement was originally filed with the Commission, the Company met the then-applicable requirements for use of Form S-3 under the Securities Act.    
 (d) Except for the transactions contemplated by the Securities Purchase Agreement, dated February 22, 2016 by and between the Company and Amgen Inc. and as otherwise disclosed by the Company to the initial Warrant Holder prior to the date hereof, the capitalization of the Company is as described in the Public Reports. No person has any right of first refusal, preemptive right, right of participation, or any similar right which has not been waived or satisfied. There are no outstanding options, warrants, script rights to subscribe to, calls or commitments of any character whatsoever relating to, or securities, rights or obligations convertible into or exchangeable for, or giving any person any right to subscribe for or acquire, any Shares, or contracts, commitments, understandings or arrangements by which Company or any subsidiary is or may become bound to issue additional Shares or securities convertible into or exercisable for Shares. The issuance of the Warrant or Warrant Shares will not obligate the Company to issue Shares or other securities to any person, other than the Warrant Holder, and will not result in a right of any holder of Company s securities to adjust the exercise, conversion, exchange, or reset price under such securities. All of the outstanding shares of capital stock of Company are validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable, have been issued in material compliance with all federal and state securities laws, and none of such outstanding shares was issued in violation of any preemptive rights or similar rights to subscribe for or purchase securities. No further approval or authorization of any stockholder, the Board of Directors of Company or others is required for the issuance of the Warrant or Warrant Shares. Except as disclosed in the Public Reports, there are no stockholders agreements, voting agreements or other similar agreements with respect to Company s capital stock to which Company is a party or, to the knowledge of Company, between or among any of Company s stockholders. 
 (e) The Prospectus Supplement has been filed with the Commission in accordance with the requirements of Rule 424(b) under the Securities Act. 
 Section 5.  Antidilution Provisions .  The Warrant Holder is not entitled to participate in any new issue to existing shareholders of securities in the Company unless it has exercised this Warrant before the record date for determining entitlements to the new issue of securities and participate as a result of holding Warrant Shares. The Exercise Price in effect at any time, and the number of Warrant Shares that may be purchased upon any exercise of the Warrant, shall be subject to change or adjustment as follows: 
 (a)  Adjustments . 
 (i)  Bonus issues .  If the Company makes a bonus issue of Shares or other securities to existing shareholders (except an issue in lieu of dividends or by way of dividend reinvestment) and no Warrant Shares have been issued before the record date for determining entitlements to the issue, then the number of Warrant Shares over which the Warrant is exercisable is increased by the number of shares which the Warrant Holder would have received if the Warrant Holder had exercised the Warrant before the record date for determining entitlements to the issue. 
 (ii)  Pro rata issues .  If the Company makes a pro rata issue of Shares (except a bonus issue) to existing shareholders (except an issue in lieu or in satisfaction of dividends by way of dividend reinvestment) and no Warrant Shares have been issued in respect of the Warrant before the record date for determining entitlements to the issue, the Exercise Price of the Warrant is reduced in accordance with the ASX Listing Rules. 
   (iii)  Reorganization .  If there is a reorganization (including consolidation, sub-division, reduction or return) of the share capital of the Company, then the rights of the Warrant Holder (including  
 6 

the number of Warrant Shares to which the Warrant Holder is entitled to and the Exercise Price) are changed to the extent necessary to comply with the ASX Listing Rules applying to a reorganization of capital at the time of the reorganization.  
 (b)  Transactions .  In case at any time the Company shall initiate any transaction or be a party to any transaction with a Person (including, without limitation, a merger, consolidation, share exchange, sale, lease or other disposition of all or substantially all of the Company s assets, liquidation, recapitalization or reclassification of the Shares) in connection with which the Shares shall be changed into or exchanged for securities of another corporation or interests in a non-corporate entity or any combination of the foregoing (each such transaction being herein called a   Transaction  ), then as a condition of the consummation of the Transaction, lawful, enforceable and adequate provision shall be made so that the Warrant Holder shall be entitled receive a new warrant in form and substance similar to, and in exchange for, this Warrant to purchase all or a portion of such securities or other property (subject to adjustments from and after the consummation date of the Transaction as nearly equivalent as possible to the adjustments provided for in this Section 5).  In case at any time the Company shall initiate any transaction or be a party to any transaction with a Person (including, without limitation, a merger, consolidation, share exchange, sale, lease or other disposition of all or substantially all of the Company s assets, liquidation, recapitalization or reclassification of the Shares) in connection with which the Shares (or a portion thereof) shall be changed into or exchanged for cash or property other than   securities of another corporation or interests in a non-corporate entity (  Non-Securities Transaction   ) , then as a condition of the consummation of the Non-Securities Transaction, then  lawful, enforceable and adequate provision shall be made so that the Warrant Holder shall be entitled to receive the consideration that would have been payable had this Warrant been fully exercised immediately prior to the consummation of such Non-Securities Transaction (net of the aggregate Exercise Price of the balance of the Shares issuable upon exercise of the Warrant), and upon such provision this Warrant shall be canceled and of no further force or effect.  
 The Company will not effect any Transaction unless prior to consummation thereof each corporation or other entity (other than the Company) which may be required to deliver any new warrant or other securities as provided herein assumes, by written instrument delivered to the Warrant Holder, the obligation to deliver to such Warrant Holder such new warrant or other securities as in accordance with the foregoing provisions such Warrant Holder may be entitled to receive and such corporation or entity shall have similarly delivered to the Warrant Holder an opinion of counsel for such corporation or entity, reasonably satisfactory to the Warrant Holder, which opinion shall state that all of the terms of the new warrant or this Warrant shall be enforceable against the Company and such corporation or entity in accordance with the terms hereof and thereof, together with such other opinions customary for such transactions as the Warrant Holder may reasonably request.  The foregoing provisions of this Section 5(b) shall similarly apply to successive Transactions. 
 (c)  Special Distributions; Above Market Purchases of Securities .  If the Company shall issue or distribute to any existing shareholder or any cash dividend or other distribution (excluding any new issue to existing shareholders) (any such nonexcluded event being herein called a   Special Distribution  ), then the Warrant Holder shall be entitled to a pro-rata share of such Special Distribution as though the Warrant Holder had fully exercised this Warrant immediately prior to the record date for such Special Distribution, and the Company shall pay or distribute such pro-rata share to Warrant Holder when paid or distributed to the holders of the Shares. 
 (d)  Adjustment Rules . 
 (i) Any adjustments pursuant to this Section 5 shall be made successively whenever any event referred to herein shall occur. 
 7 

(ii)   If the Company shall take a record of the holders of its Shares for any purpose referred to in this Section 5, then, to the extent the CDIs remain listed on the ASX, subject to any requirement to the contrary under the ASX Listing Rules, (x) such record date shall be deemed to be the date of the issuance, sale, distribution or grant in question and (y) if the Company shall legally abandon such action prior to effecting such action, no adjustment shall be made pursuant to this Section 5 in respect of such action.  
 (iii) In computing adjustments under this Section 5, (A) fractional interests in Shares shall be taken into account to the nearest one-thousandth of a Share, and (B) calculations of the Exercise Price shall be carried to the nearest one-thousandth of one cent. 
 (e)  Proceedings Prior to Any Action Requiring Adjustment .  As a condition precedent to the taking of any action which would require an adjustment pursuant to this Section 5, the Company shall take any action which may be necessary, including obtaining regulatory approvals or exemptions, in order that the Company may thereafter validly and legally issue as fully paid and nonassessable all Shares which the Warrant Holder is entitled to receive upon exercise of the Warrant. 
 (f)  Notice of Adjustment .  Not less than 10 days prior to the record date or effective date, as the case may be, of any action which requires or might require an adjustment or readjustment pursuant to this Section 5, the Company shall give notice to the Warrant Holder of such event, describing such event in reasonable detail and specifying the record date or effective date, as the case may be, and, if determinable, the required adjustment and computation thereof.  If the required adjustment is not determinable as the time of such notice, the Company shall give notice to the Warrant Holder of such adjustment and computation as soon as reasonably practicable after such adjustment becomes determinable.  Any calculation or adjustments which are required to be made by this Section 5 shall be made by the Board of the Company, and shall in the absence of manifest error, be final and conclusive and binding on the Company and the Warrant Holder. 
 (g)  Subsequent Warrants .  Irrespective of any adjustments in the Exercise Price or the number of Warrant Shares issuable upon exercise of this Warrant, any successor or replacement warrants issued theretofore or thereafter may continue to express the same Exercise Price per Share and number and kind of Warrant Shares as are stated in this Warrant. 
 (h)  No Avoidance .  The Company shall not, by amendment of its certificate of incorporation or by-laws or through any consolidation, merger, reorganization, transfer of assets, dissolution, issue or sale of securities or any other voluntary action, avoid or seek to avoid the observance or performance of any of the terms of this Warrant, but will at all times in good faith assist in the carrying out of all such terms and in the taking of all such action as may be necessary or appropriate in order to protect the rights of the holder of this Warrant, to the extent of the rights expressly provided hereby, against dilution or other impairment as if the holder was a shareholder of the Company entitled to the benefit of fiduciary duties afforded to shareholders under Delaware law.  For the avoidance of doubt, the consolidation, merger, reorganization or transfer of assets solely in exchange for cash or other property that is not securities shall not be deemed to violate this Section 5(h), if the Company complies with Section 5 hereof in connection therewith. 
   (i)  Adjustment of Par Value .  If for any reason (including the operation of the adjustment provisions set forth in this Warrant), the Exercise Price on any date of exercise of this Warrant shall not be lawful and adequate consideration for the issuance of the relevant Warrant Shares, then the Company shall take such steps as are necessary (including the amendment of its certificate of incorporation so as to reduce the par value of the Shares) to cause such Exercise Price to be adequate and lawful consideration on the date the payment thereof is due, but if the Company shall fail to take such steps, then the Company  
 8 

acknowledges that the Warrant Holder shall have been damaged by the Company in an amount equal to an amount, which, when added to the total Exercise Price for the relevant Warrant Shares, would equal lawful and adequate consideration for the issuance of such Warrant Shares, and the Company and the Warrant Holder irrevocably agree that the Warrant Holder shall thereby forgive the right to recover such damages from the Company, and such forgiveness shall constitute, and Company shall accept such forgiveness as, additional lawful consideration for the issuance of the relevant Warrant Shares.  
 Section 6.  Registration Rights .  With respect to the Warrant Shares, the Warrant Holder shall be entitled to the benefit of such registration rights as the Company granted to Amgen Inc. as provided in the Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of February 22, 2016, by and between the Company and Amgen Inc. 
 Section 7.  Transfer of Warrant .  The Warrant Holder upon transfer of the Warrant must deliver to the Company a duly executed Warrant Assignment in the form of  Exhibit B  and, if so requested by the Company, evidence reasonably necessary to determine that such transfer complies with applicable law, and upon surrender of this Warrant to the Company and such evidence, the Company shall execute and deliver a new Warrant with appropriate changes to reflect such Assignment, in the name or names of the assignee or assignees specified in the Warrant Assignment or other instrument of assignment and, if the Warrant Holder s entire interest is not being transferred or assigned, in the name of the Warrant Holder, and upon the Company s execution and delivery of such new Warrant, this Warrant shall promptly be cancelled; and  provided  that any assignee shall have all of the rights of an Initial Holder hereunder.  The Company shall pay any transfer tax imposed in connection with such assignment (if any).  Any transfer or exchange of this Warrant shall be without charge to the Warrant Holder (except as provided above with respect to transfer taxes, if any) and any new Warrant issued shall be dated the date hereof.   
 This Warrant shall not be offered for resale within Australian within 12 months of the date of its initial issuance, unless such resale offer is exempt from the requirement to issue a disclosure document under section 708 or 708A of the Corporations Act. 
 Section 8.  Reserved.  
 Section 9  Identity of Transfer Agent .  As of the date hereof, the Transfer Agent for the Common Stock is Computershare Trust Company, N.A..  Upon the appointment of any subsequent transfer agent for the Shares, the Company will mail to the Warrant Holder a statement setting forth the name and address of such transfer agent. 
 Section 10.  Covenants .  The Company agrees that: 
 (a)  Information .  So long  as this Warrant remains outstanding or any Initial Holder holds any Warrant Shares, the Company will deliver to the Warrant Holder (or Initial Holder): 
 (i) as soon as available and in any event within 120 days after the end of each fiscal year, an audited consolidated balance sheet of the Company and its consolidated subsidiaries as of the end of such fiscal year and the related consolidated statements of income, of cash flows, and of changes in shareholders  equity for such fiscal year, prepared in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States applied on a consistent basis, except as otherwise noted therein, and setting forth in each case in comparative form the figures for the previous fiscal year, all in reasonable detail and reported on without qualification by public accountants of nationally recognized standing; 
   (ii) as soon as available but not later than 45 days after the end of each month which is a fiscal quarter end, a consolidated balance sheet of the Company as of the end of such fiscal quarter, and  
 9 

the related consolidated statements of income, cash flows, and changes in shareholders  equity for such fiscal quarter and for the portion of the fiscal year ended at the end of such fiscal quarter, prepared in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States applied on a consistent basis, except as otherwise noted therein, and setting forth, in each case, in comparative form the figures for the corresponding month and the corresponding portion of the previous fiscal year, together with a comparison of results to the Company s projections for such fiscal year and a management report on and analysis of the Company s prospects and operations, all certified (subject to normal year   end audit adjustments) as to fairness of presentation and consistency by the chief financial officer, the treasurer, or the chief accounting officer of the Company;  
 (iii) promptly upon the filing thereof, copies of all registration statements (other than the exhibits thereto and any registration statements on Form S 8 or its equivalent) and to the extent the Company is required by law or pursuant to the terms of any outstanding indebtedness of the Company to prepare such reports, any annual reports, quarterly reports and other periodic reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act actually prepared by the Company as soon as available; and 
 (iv) promptly, upon the issuance thereof, all statements and notices sent to the  shareholders of the Company. 
  provided, however , that the requirements of Section 10(a) shall be satisfied to the extent that such reports, statement, communications, financial statements or other documents are available on the Electronic Data Gathering, Analysis and Retrieval System ( EDGAR ) of the Commission or its successor. 
 (b)  Reserved .   
 (c)  Amendments of Organizational Documents .  The Company shall not amend its Certificate of Incorporation, by-laws or other organizational documents in any way that would be more adverse to the rights or interests of the Warrant Holder than to the rights or interests of holders of Shares. 
 (d)  Securities Filings .  The Company will file any reports required to be filed by it under (1) the Corporations Act or the ASX Listing Rules, and (2) the Exchange Act or the rules and regulations adopted by the Commission thereunder with respect to the issue of the Warrants or Warrant Shares. 
 (e)  Obtaining of Governmental Approvals and Stock Exchange Listings .  The Company will, at its own expense, (i) obtain and keep effective any and all permits, consents and approvals of governmental agencies and authorities which may from time to time be required of the Company in order to satisfy its obligations hereunder, and (ii) take all action which may be necessary so that the Warrant Shares, immediately upon their issuance upon the exercise of the Warrants, will be listed on each securities exchange, if any, on which the Shares are then listed.  For the avoidance of doubt, the Shares are not listed on ASX. 
 (f)  Reserved . 
 (g)  Structural Dilution .  So long as this Warrant remains outstanding, the Company shall not permit any of its Subsidiaries to issue, sell, distribute or otherwise grant in any manner (including by assumption) any rights to subscribe for or to purchase, or any warrants or options for the purchase of any equity securities of such Subsidiary or any securities convertible into or exchangeable for such equity securities (or any rights to subscribe for or to purchase, or any warrants or options for the purchase of any such convertible or exchangeable securities), whether or not immediately exercisable or exercisable prior to the Expiration Date or thereafter. 
 10 

(h)   Notices Of Corporate Action  .  In the event of:  
 (i) any taking by the Company of a record of the holders of any class of securities for the purpose of determining the holders thereof who are entitled to receive any distribution, or any right to subscribe for, purchase or otherwise acquire any Shares or any other securities or property, or to receive any other right, or 
 (ii) any capital reorganization of the Company, any reclassification or recapitalization of the capital stock of the Company, any consolidation or merger involving the Company and any other Person or any transfer of all or substantially all the assets of the Company to any other Person, or any Corporate Reorganization, or 
 (iii) any voluntary or involuntary dissolution, liquidation or winding-up of the Company, the Company will mail to the Warrant Holder a notice specifying (i) the date or expected date on which any such record is to be taken for the purpose of such dividend, distribution or right, and the amount and character of such dividend, distribution or right, (ii) the date or expected date on which any such reorganization, reclassification, recapitalization, consolidation, merger, transfer, dissolution, liquidation or winding-up is to take place, (iii) the time, if any such time is to be fixed, as of which the holders of record of Shares shall be entitled to exchange their Shares for the securities or other property deliverable upon such reorganization, reclassification, recapitalization, consolidation, merger, transfer, dissolution, liquidation or winding-up and a description in reasonable detail of the transaction and (iv) the date of such issuance, together with a description of the security so issued and the consideration received by the Company therefor.  Such notice shall be mailed least thirty (30) days prior to the date therein specified. 
 (i)  Registration Statement .  The Company shall, at all times up to and including the Expiration Date, maintain an effective registration statement covering the issuance of the Warrant Shares to the Warrant Holder upon exercise of the Warrant. 
 Section 11.  Lost, Mutilated or Missing Warrants .  Upon receipt by the Company of evidence reasonably satisfactory to it of the loss, theft, destruction or mutilation of any Warrant, and, in the case of loss, theft or destruction, upon receipt of indemnification satisfactory to the Company (in the case of an Initial Holder its unsecured, unbonded agreement of indemnity or affidavit of loss shall be sufficient) or, in the case of mutilation, upon surrender and cancellation of the mutilated Warrant, the Company shall execute and deliver a new Warrant of like tenor and representing the right to purchase the same aggregate number of Warrant Shares. 
   Section 12.  Waivers; Amendments .  Any provision of this Warrant may be amended or waived with (but only with) the written consent of the Company and the Requisite Holders;  provided  that no such amendment or waiver shall, without the written consent of the Company and the Warrant Holder, (a) change the number of Warrant Shares issuable upon exercise of the Warrant or the Exercise Price, (b) shorten the Expiration Date, or (c) amend, modify or waive the provisions of this Section or the definition of  Requisite Holders.   provided ,  further , a Warrant Holder and the Company may amend or waive any rights and obligations as between each such party under this Warrant.  Any amendment or waiver effected in compliance with this Section shall be binding upon the Company and the Warrant Holder.  The Company shall give prompt notice to the Warrant Holder of any amendment or waiver effected in compliance with this Section.  No failure or delay of the Company or the Warrant Holder in exercising any power or right hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise of any such right or power, or any abandonment or discontinuance of steps to enforce such a right or power, preclude any other or further exercise thereon or the exercise of any other right or power.  No notice or demand on the Company in any case shall entitle the Company to any other or future notice or demand in similar or other  
 11 

circumstances.  The rights and remedies of the Company and the Warrant Holder hereunder are cumulative and not exclusive of any rights or remedies which it would otherwise have.  
 Section 13.  Miscellaneous . 
 (a)  Shareholder Rights .  The Warrant shall not entitle any Warrant Holder, prior to the exercise of the Warrant, to any voting rights as a shareholder of the Company. 
 (b)  Expenses .  The Company shall pay all reasonable expenses of the Warrant Holder, including reasonable fees and disbursements of counsel, in connection with the preparation of the Warrant, any waiver or consent hereunder or any amendment or modification hereof (regardless of whether the same becomes effective), or the enforcement of the provisions hereof;  provided  that the Company shall not be required to pay any expenses of the Warrant Holder arising solely in connection with a transfer of the Warrant.   
 (c)  Successors and Assigns .  All the provisions of this Warrant by or for the benefit of the Company or the Warrant Holder shall bind and inure to the benefit of their respective successors and assigns. 
 (d)  Severability .  In case any one or more of the provisions contained in this Warrant shall be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any respect, the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions contained herein shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby.  The parties shall endeavor in good faith negotiations to replace the invalid, illegal or unenforceable provisions with valid provisions the economic effect of which comes as close as possible to that of the invalid, illegal or unenforceable provisions. 
 (e)  Notices .  Any notice or other communication hereunder shall be in writing and shall be sufficient if sent by first-class mail or courier, postage prepaid, and addressed as follows:  (a) if to the Company, addressed to the Company at its address for notices as set forth below its signature hereon or any other address as the Company may hereafter notify to the Warrant Holder and(b) if to the Warrant Holder, addressed to such address as the Warrant Holder may hereafter from time to time notify to the Company for the purposes of notice hereunder. 
 (f)  Equitable Remedies .  Without limiting the rights of the Company and the Warrant Holder to pursue all other legal and equitable rights available to such party for the other parties  failure to perform its obligations hereunder, the Company and the Warrant Holder each hereto acknowledge and agree that the remedy at law for any failure to perform any obligations hereunder would be inadequate and that each shall be entitled to specific performance, injunctive relief or other equitable remedies in the event of any such failure. 
 (g)  Continued Effect .  Rights and benefits conferred on the holders of Warrant Shares pursuant to the provisions hereof (including  Section 6 ) shall continue to inure to the benefit of, and shall be enforceable by, such holders, notwithstanding the surrender of the Warrant to, and its cancellation by, the Company upon the full or partial exercise or repurchase hereof. 
   (h)  Confidentiality .  The Warrant Holder agrees to keep confidential any proprietary information relating to the Company delivered by the Company hereunder;  provided  that nothing herein shall prevent the Warrant Holder from disclosing such information:  (i) to any holder of Warrants or Warrant Shares, (ii) to any Affiliate of any holder of Warrants or Warrant Shares or any actual or potential transferee of the rights or obligations hereunder that agrees to be bound by this  Section 13(h) , (iii) upon order, subpoena, or other process of any court or administrative agency or otherwise required by law, (iv) upon  
 12 

the request or demand of any regulatory agency or authority having jurisdiction over such party, (v) which has been publicly disclosed, (vi) which has been obtained from any Person that is not a party hereto or an affiliate or employee of any such party, (vii) in connection with the exercise of any remedy, or the resolution of any dispute hereunder (viii) to the legal counsel or certified public accountants for any holder of Warrants or Warrant Shares, or (ix) as otherwise expressly contemplated by this Warrant.  
 (i)  Governing Law .  THIS WARRANT SHALL BE CONSTRUED AND ENFORCED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE INTERNAL LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK, EXCEPT AS OTHERWISE REQUIRED BY MANDATORY PROVISIONS OF LAW. 
 (j)  Section Headings .  The section headings used herein are for convenience of reference only and shall not be construed in any way to affect the interpretation of any provisions of the Warrant. 

13 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this Warrant to be duly executed by its authorized signatory as of the day and year first above written.  

Unilife Corporation, a Delaware corporation  

14 
     
  DM3\4193777.3  

Exhibit A to Warrant  
  Form of Notice of Exercise  
 ____________________,20___ 
 To:  [________________________] 
 Reference is made to the Warrant dated __________.  Terms defined therein are used herein as therein defined. 
 The undersigned, pursuant to the provisions set forth in the Warrant, hereby irrevocably elects and agrees to purchase _______ Shares, and makes payment herewith in full therefor at the Exercise Price of $_______________ in the following form:  ___________________________________________________________. 
 [If the number of Shares as to which the Warrant is being exercised is less than all of the Shares purchasable thereunder, the undersigned hereby requests that a new Warrant representing the remaining balance of the Shares be registered in the name of ______________, whose address is:  _______________________________.] 
 The undersigned hereby represents that it is exercising the Warrant for its own account or the account of an Affiliate for investment purposes and not with the view to any sale or distribution and that the Warrant Holder will not offer, sell or otherwise dispose of the Warrant or any underlying Warrant Shares in violation of applicable securities laws. 

[NAME OF WARRANT HOLDER]  

By  

Name:  

Title:  

[ADDRESS OF WARRANT HOLDER]  

DM3\4193777.3  

Exhibit B to Warrant  
  Form of Warrant Assignment  
 Reference is made to the Warrant dated ____________, issued by [_______________________].  Terms defined therein are used herein as therein defined. 
 FOR VALUE RECEIVED ____________________ (the  Assignor ) hereby sells, assigns and transfers all of the rights of the Assignor as set forth in such Warrant, with respect to the number of Warrant Shares covered thereby as set forth below, to the Assignee(s) as set forth below: 
 Number of  Warrant Shares  

Name(s) of Assignee(s)   
 
  Address(es)   
 
  Number of Warrant Shares   

All notices to be given by the Company to the Assignor as Warrant Holder shall be sent to the Assignee(s) at the above listed address(es), and, if the number of Shares being hereby assigned is less than all of the Shares covered by the Warrant held by the Assignor, then also to the Assignor. 
 In accordance with Section 7 of the Warrant, the Assignor requests that the Company execute and deliver a new Warrant or Warrants in the name or names of the assignee or assignees, as is appropriate, or, if the number of Shares being hereby assigned is less than all of the Shares covered by the Warrant held by the Assignor, new Warrants in the name or names of the assignee or the assignees, as is appropriate, and in the name of the Assignor. 
 The undersigned represents that the Assignee has represented to the Assignor that the Assignee is acquiring the Warrant for its own account or the account of an Affiliate for investment purposes and not with the view to any sale or distribution, and that the Assignee will not offer, sell or otherwise dispose of the Warrant or the Warrant Shares except under circumstances as will not result in a violation of applicable securities laws. 

[NAME OF ASSIGNOR]  

By  

Name:  

Title:  

[ADDRESS OF ASSIGNOR]  

</EX-10.15>

<EX-31.1>
 16
 unis-ex311_1365.htm
 EX-31.1

unis-ex311_1365.htm

Exhibit 31.1 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 I, John Ryan, certify that: 
 1.   I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Unilife Corporation;  
 2.   Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;  
 3.   Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;  
 4.   The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) for the registrant and have:  
 (a)   Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;  
 (b)   Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;  
 (c)   Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and  
 (d)   Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.  
   5.   The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the   
   
 DM3\4259442.1 

audit committee of the r  egistrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):  
 (a)   All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and  
 (b)   Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.  

/s/ John Ryan  

Name: John Ryan  

Title: Chief Executive Officer  

Date:  October 21, 2016 

DM3\4259442.1 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 17
 unis-ex312_1366.htm
 EX-31.2

unis-ex312_1366.htm

Exhibit 31.2 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 I, David C. Hastings, certify that: 
 1.   I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Unilife Corporation;  
 2.   Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;  
 3.   Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;  
 4.   The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) for the registrant and have:  
 (a)   Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;  
 (b)   Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;  
 (c)   Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and  
 (d)   Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.  
   5.   The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the   
   
 DM3\4259442.1 

audit committee of the r  egistrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):  
 (a)   All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and  
 (b)   Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.  

/s/ David C. Hastings  

Name: David C. Hastings  

Title: Chief Financial Officer  

Date:  October 21, 2016 

DM3\4259442.1 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 18
 unis-ex321_1364.htm
 EX-32.1

unis-ex321_1364.htm

Exhibit 32.1 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Unilife Corporation (the  Company ) for the quarterly period ended March 31, 2016 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, John Ryan, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to my knowledge: 

(1)   
 
 the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and    

(2)   
 
 the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.    

/s/ John Ryan  

Name:  John Ryan  

Title:  Chief Executive Officer  

Date:  October 21, 2016 

DM3\4259442.1 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 19
 unis-ex322_1363.htm
 EX-32.2

unis-ex322_1363.htm

Exhibit 32.2 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Unilife Corporation (the  Company ) for the quarterly period ended March 31, 2016 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, David C. Hastings, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to my knowledge: 

(1)   
 
 the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and    

(2)   
 
 the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.    

/s/ David C. Hastings  

Name:  David C. Hastings  

Title:  Chief Financial Officer  

Date:  October 21, 2016 
   
 DM3\4259442.1 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 46
 unis-20160331.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 47
 unis-20160331.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 48
 unis-20160331_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 49
 unis-20160331_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 50
 unis-20160331_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 51
 unis-20160331_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

