<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161114_10-Q_edgar_data_315849_0000315849-16-000073_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>6565730</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>103058</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>315533</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1737394</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3056097</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1214479</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>40</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000315849-16-000073.hdr.sgml : 20161111
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161114145900
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000315849-16-000073
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		52
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161114
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161114

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			SOUTHWEST GEORGIA FINANCIAL CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000315849
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	STATE COMMERCIAL BANKS [6022]
		IRS NUMBER:				581392259
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			GA
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-12053
		FILM NUMBER:		161993969

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		201 FIRST ST SE
		STREET 2:		P O BOX 3488
		CITY:			MOULTRIE
		STATE:			GA
		ZIP:			31768
		BUSINESS PHONE:		2299851120

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		201 FIRST STREET
		CITY:			MOULTRIE
		STATE:			GA
		ZIP:			31768

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000315849-16-000073.txt : 20161114

10-Q
 1
 tenq916.htm
 FORM 10-Q

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION  

WASHINGTON, D. C. 20549  

FORM 10-Q  

  (Mark One)  

[ X ]         
       Quarterly report under Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934    

For the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016    

[     ]         
       Transition report under Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act.    

For the transition period from                      to   __________      

Commission file number 1-12053  

SOUTHWEST GEORGIA FINANCIAL CORPORATION  

  (Exact Name Of Small Business Issuer as specified
in its Charter)  

Georgia   
       
       58-1392259    
 
       (State Or Other Jurisdiction Of   
       
       (I.R.S. Employer    
 
       Incorporation Or Organization)   
       
       Identification No.)    

201 FIRST STREET, S.E., MOULTRIE, GEORGIA
31768   

  Address Of Principal Executive Offices  

(229)
985-1120      _   

  Registrant's Telephone Number, Including
Area Code  

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed
all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or
for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements
for the past 90 days.   

  Yes [ X ] No [ ]  

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted
electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant
to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (  232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that
the registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes [ X ] No [ ]  

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large
accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, or a non-accelerated filer (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act).  

Large accelerated filer [   ]                          
      Non-accelerated filer [   ]   (Do not check if smaller reporting company)   
 
      Accelerated filer [   ]         
      Smaller reporting company [X]   

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell
company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes [ ] No [ X ]  

Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the issuer's
classes of common equity, as of the latest practicable date.  

SOUTHWEST GEORGIA FINANCIAL CORPORATION  

  QUARTERLY REPORT ON FORM 10-Q  

  FOR THE QUARTER ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2016  

TABLE OF CONTENTS   

PAGE #     
 
       PART I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION    

ITEM 1.   
       FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   

The following financial statements are provided for Southwest Georgia  

Financial Corporation as required by this Item 1.  

a.                         
      Consolidated balance sheets   September 30, 2016 (unaudited) and  

December 31, 2015 (audited).  
      2   

b.                        
      Consolidated statements of income (unaudited)   for the three months   

and the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015.  
      3   

c.                         
      Consolidated statements of comprehensive income (unaudited) - for the  

three months and the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015.  
      4   

d.                        
      Consolidated statements of cash flows (unaudited) for the nine months  

ended September 30, 2016 and 2015.  
      5   

e.                         
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements  
      6   

ITEM 2.   
       MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF   

FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS   
      31   

ITEM 3.   
       QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT   

MARKET RISK   
      39   

ITEM 4.     
       CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES                        
      39   

PART II - OTHER INFORMATION   

ITEM 6.      
       EXHIBITS   
       
      40   

SIGNATURE   
       
      41   

1   

2   

3   

4   

5   

SOUTHWEST GEORGIA FINANCIAL CORPORATION  

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

  _________  

Basis of Presentation   

Southwest Georgia Financial Corporation
(the  Corporation ), a bank-holding company organized under the laws of Georgia, provides deposit, lending, and other
financial services to businesses and individuals primarily in the Southwest region of Georgia. The Corporation and its subsidiaries
are subject to regulation by certain federal and state agencies. 

The accompanying unaudited consolidated
financial statements have been prepared in accordance with the instructions to Form 10-Q and therefore do not include all information
and footnotes necessary for a fair presentation of financial position, results of operations, and changes in financial position
in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles. The interim financial statements furnished reflect all adjustments
which are, in the opinion of management, necessary to a fair statement of the results for the interim periods presented. The interim
consolidated financial statements should be read in conjunction with the Corporation s 2015 Annual Report on Form 10K. 

6   

NOTE 1  

SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES  

The accounting and reporting policies of Southwest
Georgia Financial Corporation (the  Corporation ) and its direct and indirect subsidiaries conform to U.S. generally
accepted accounting principles ( GAAP ) and to general practices within the banking industry. The following is a description
of the more significant of those policies. 

Principles of Consolidation 

The consolidated financial statements include
the accounts of Southwest Georgia Financial Corporation and its direct and indirect subsidiaries. All significant intercompany
accounts and transactions have been eliminated in the consolidation. 

Nature of Operations 

The Corporation
offers comprehensive financial services to consumer, business, and governmental customers through its banking offices in southwest
Georgia. Its primary deposit products are money market, NOW, savings and certificates of deposit, and its primary lending products
are consumer and commercial mortgage loans. The Corporation provides, in addition to conventional banking services, investment
planning and management, trust management, mortgage banking, and commercial and individual insurance products. Insurance products
and advice are provided by the Southwest Georgia Bank s Southwest Georgia Insurance Services Division.   

The Corporation s
primary business is providing banking services through the Southwest Georgia Bank (the  Bank ) to individuals and businesses
principally in the counties of Colquitt, Baker, Worth, Lowndes and the surrounding counties of southwest Georgia. We have two full-service
banking centers and a mortgage origination office in Valdosta, Georgia. A new commercial banking center in Valdosta, Georgia was
completed and opened in August of 2014. We have expanded our geographical footprint into neighboring Tift County, Georgia, with
a loan production office that opened for business in January 2016.   

Use of Estimates 

The preparation of financial statements in
conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities
and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues
and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. 

Material
estimates that are particularly susceptible to significant change relate to the determination of the allowance for loan losses
and the valuation of real estate acquired in connection with foreclosures or in satisfaction of loans. In connection with these
evaluations, management obtains independent appraisals for significant properties.  

A substantial portion of the Corporation s
loans are secured by real estate located primarily in Georgia. Accordingly, the ultimate collection of these loans is susceptible
to changes in the real estate market conditions of this market area. 

Cash and Cash Equivalents and Statement
of Cash Flows  

For purposes of reporting cash flows, the Corporation
considers cash and cash equivalents to include all cash on hand, deposit amounts due from banks, interest-bearing deposits in other
banks, and federal funds sold. The Corporation maintains its cash balances in several financial institutions. Accounts at the financial
institutions are secured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation up to $250,000. Uninsured deposits aggregate to $880,770
at September 30, 2016. 

7   

Investment Securities 

Debt securities
that management has the positive intent and ability to hold to maturity are classified as  held to maturity  and recorded
at amortized cost. Securities not classified as held to maturity or trading, including equity securities with readily determinable
fair values, are classified as  available for sale  and recorded at fair value with unrealized gains and losses reported
in other comprehensive income.  

Purchase
premiums and discounts are recognized in interest income using the interest method over the terms of the securities. Declines in
the fair value of held to maturity and available for sale securities below their cost that are deemed to be other-than-temporarily
impaired are reflected in earnings as realized losses. In estimating other-than-temporary impairment losses, management considers
(1) the length of time and the extent to which the fair value has been less than cost, (2) the financial condition and near-term
prospects of the issuer, and (3) the intent and ability of the Corporation to retain its investment in the issuer for a period
of time sufficient to allow for any anticipated recovery in fair value. Gains and losses on the sale of securities are recorded
on the trade date and are determined using the specific identification method.  

Premises and Equipment 

Premises and equipment are stated at cost,
less accumulated depreciation and amortization. Depreciation has been calculated primarily using the straight-line method for buildings
and building improvements over the assets estimated useful lives. Equipment and furniture are depreciated using the modified accelerated
recovery system method over the assets estimated useful lives for financial reporting and income tax purposes for assets purchased
on or before December 31, 2003. For assets acquired since 2003, the Corporation used the straight-line method of depreciation.
The following estimated useful lives are used for financial statement purposes: 

All of the Corporation s leases are operating
leases and are not capitalized as assets for financial reporting purposes. Maintenance and repairs are charged to expense and betterments
are capitalized. 

Long-lived assets are evaluated regularly for
other-than-temporary impairment. If circumstances suggest that their value may be impaired and the write-down would be material,
an assessment of recoverability is performed prior to any write-down of the asset. Impairment on intangibles is evaluated at each
balance sheet date or whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount should be assessed. Impairment,
if any, is recognized through a valuation allowance with a corresponding charge recorded in the income statement. 

Loans and Allowances for Loan Losses 

Loans are stated at principal amounts outstanding
less unearned income and the allowance for loan losses. Interest income is credited to income based on the principal amount outstanding
at the respective rate of interest except for interest on certain installment loans made on a discount basis which is recognized
in a manner that results in a level-yield on the principal outstanding. 

8   

Accrual of interest income is discontinued
on loans when, in the opinion of management, collection of such interest income becomes doubtful. Accrual of interest on such loans
is resumed when, in management s judgment, the collection of interest and principal becomes probable. 

Fees on loans and costs incurred in origination
of most loans are recognized at the time the loan is placed on the books. Because loan fees are not significant, the results on
operations are not materially different from the results which would be obtained by accounting for loan fees and costs as amortized
over the term of the loan as an adjustment of the yield. 

A loan is considered impaired when, based on
current information and events, it is probable that the Corporation will be unable to collect the scheduled payments of principal
or interest when due according to the contractual terms of the loan agreement. Factors considered by management in determining
impairment include payment status, collateral value, and the probability of collecting scheduled principal and interest payments
when due. Loans that experience insignificant payment delays and payment shortfalls generally are not classified as impaired. Management
determines the significance of payment delays and payment shortfalls on a case-by-case basis, taking into consideration all of
the circumstances surrounding the loan and the borrower, including the length of the delay, the reasons for the delay, the borrower s
prior payment record, and the amount of the shortfall in relation to the principal and interest owed. Impairment is measured on
a loan by loan basis for commercial and construction loans by either the present value of expected future cash flows discounted
at the loan s effective interest rate, the loan s obtainable market price, or the fair value of the collateral if the
loan is collateral dependent. 

Large groups of smaller balance homogeneous
loans are collectively evaluated for impairment. Accordingly, the Corporation does not separately identify individual consumer
and residential loans for impairment disclosures. 

The allowance for loan losses is established
through a provision for loan losses charged to expense. Loans are charged against the allowance for loan losses when management
believes the collection of the principal is unlikely. The allowance is an amount which management believes will be adequate to
absorb estimated losses on existing loans that may become uncollectible based on evaluation of the collectability of loans and
prior loss experience. This evaluation takes into consideration such factors as changes in the nature and volume of the loan portfolios,
current economic conditions that may affect the borrowers  ability to pay, overall portfolio quality, and review of specific
problem loans. 

Management believes that the allowance for
loan losses is adequate. While management uses available information to recognize losses on loans, future additions to the allowance
may be necessary based upon changes in economic conditions. Also, various regulatory agencies, as an integral part of their examination
process, periodically review the Corporation s allowance for loan losses. Such agencies may require the Corporation to recognize
additions to the allowance based on their judgments of information available to them at the time of their examination. 

Foreclosed Assets  

In accordance with policy guidelines and regulations,
properties acquired through, or in lieu of, loan foreclosure are held for sale and are initially recorded at the lower of cost
or fair value at the date of foreclosure, establishing a new cost basis. Subsequent to foreclosure, valuations are periodically
performed by management and the assets are carried at the lower of carrying amount or fair value less cost to sell. A valuation
allowance is established to record market value changes in foreclosed assets. Revenue and expenses from operations and changes
in the valuation allowance are included in net expenses from foreclosed assets. 

9   

Intangible Assets  

Intangible assets are amortized over a determined
useful life using the straight-line basis. These assets are evaluated annually as to the recoverability of the carrying value.
The remaining intangibles have a remaining life of less than three years. 

Credit Related Financial Instruments  

In the ordinary course of business, the Corporation
has entered into commitments to extend credit, including commitments under credit card arrangements, commercial letters of credit,
and standby letters of credit. Such financial instruments are recorded when they are funded. 

Retirement Plans 

The Corporation and its subsidiaries have post-retirement
plans covering substantially all employees. The Corporation makes annual contributions to the plans in amounts not exceeding the
regulatory requirements. 

Bank Owned Life Insurance  

The Corporation s subsidiary bank has
bank owned life insurance policies on a group of employees. Banking laws and regulations allow the Bank to purchase life insurance
policies on certain employees in order to help offset the Bank s overall employee compensation costs. The beneficial aspects
of these life insurance policies are tax-free earnings and a tax free death benefit, which are realized by the Bank as the owner
of the policies. The cash surrender value of these policies is included as an asset on the balance sheet, and any increases in
cash surrender value are recorded as noninterest income on the statement of income. At September 30, 2016, and December 31, 2015,
the policies had a value of $5,325,562 and $5,231,393, respectively, and were 13.6% and 14.5%, respectively, of stockholders 
equity. These values are within regulatory guidelines. 

Income Taxes 

The Corporation and its subsidiaries file a
consolidated income tax return. Each subsidiary computes its income tax expense as if it filed an individual return except that
it does not receive any portion of the surtax allocation. Any benefits or disadvantages of the consolidation are absorbed by the
parent company.  Each subsidiary pays its allocation of federal income taxes to the parent company or receives payment from
the parent company to the extent that tax benefits are realized. 

The Corporation reports income under the Financial
Accounting Standards Board Accounting Standards Codification ( ASC ) Topic 740, Income Taxes, which requires recognition
of deferred tax liabilities and assets for the expected future tax consequences of events that have been included in the financial
statements or tax returns. Under this method, deferred tax liabilities and assets are determined based on the difference between
the financial statement and tax bases of assets and liabilities using enacted tax rates in effect for the year in which the differences
are expected to reverse. Recognition of deferred tax assets is based on management s belief that it is more likely than not
that the tax benefit associated with certain temporary differences and tax credits will be realized. 

The Corporation will recognize a tax position
as a benefit only if it is more likely than not that the tax position would be sustained in a tax examination, with an examination
being presumed to occur. The amount recognized is the largest amount of a tax benefit that is greater than fifty percent likely
of being realized on examination. No benefit is recorded for tax positions that do not meet the more than likely than not test. 

10   

The Corporation recognizes penalties related
to income tax matters in income tax expense.  The Corporation is subject to U.S. federal and Georgia state income tax audit
for returns for the tax period ending December 31, 2013 and subsequent years.  

Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)  

Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss)
includes all changes in stockholders  equity during a period, except those resulting from transactions with stockholders.
Besides net income, other components of the Corporation s accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) includes the after
tax effect of changes in the net unrealized gain/loss on securities available for sale and the unrealized gain/loss on pension
plan benefits. 

Trust Department  

Trust income is included in the accompanying
consolidated financial statements on the cash basis in accordance with established industry practices. Reporting of such fees on
the accrual basis would have no material effect on reported income. 

Mortgage Banking Services  

The Bank and Empire recognize mortgage banking
income from secondary market loan origination fees and commercial mortgage banking fees, respectively. The Bank originates fixed
and variable rate mortgage loans, substantially all of which are sold into the secondary market. Empire recognizes as income in
the current period fees collected on loans for investing participants. Empire does not directly fund any mortgages and acts as
a service-oriented broker for participating mortgage lenders. 

Advertising Costs  

It is the policy of the Corporation to expense
advertising costs as they are incurred. The Corporation does not engage in any direct-response advertising and accordingly has
no advertising costs reported as assets on its balance sheet. Costs expensed were $40,731 and $119,940 for the three and nine month
periods ended September 30, 2016, respectively. 

Recent Market and Regulatory Developments  

The Corporation
and the Bank are subject to various regulatory capital requirements administered by federal banking agencies. Failure to meet minimum
capital requirements can initiate certain mandatory and possible additional discretionary actions by regulators that, if undertaken,
could have a direct material effect on the Corporation and the Bank s financial statements. Under capital adequacy guidelines
and the regulatory framework for prompt corrective action, the Corporation and the Bank must meet specific capital guidelines that
involve quantitative measures of their assets, liabilities and certain off-balance sheet items, as calculated under regulatory
accounting practices. The capital amounts and classifications are also subject to qualitative judgments by the federal banking
agencies about components, risk weightings and other factors.  

Quantitative
measures established by regulation to ensure capital adequacy require the Corporation and the Bank to maintain minimum Tier 1 leverage,
common equity Tier 1, Tier 1 risk-based capital and Total risk-based capital ratios. The Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve
System published the Basel III Capital Rules (Basel III) establishing a new comprehensive capital framework applicable to all depository
institutions, bank holding companies with total consolidated assets of $1 billion or more, and all savings and loan holding companies
except for those that are substantially engaged in insurance underwriting or commercial activities. These rules implement higher
minimum capital requirements for banks and certain bank holding companies, include a new common equity Tier 1 capital requirement
and establish criteria that instruments must meet to be considered common equity Tier 1 capital (CET1), additional Tier 1 capital
or Tier 2 capital.  

11   

As of September
30, 2016, the Corporation met the definition under Basel III of a small bank holding company and, therefore, was exempt
from the new consolidated risk-based and leverage capital adequacy guidelines for bank holding companies.  

Basel III also introduced a  capital
conservation buffer,  which adds .625% each year to the CET1, Tier 1, and Total capital ratios, which is in addition to each
capital ratio, and is phased-in over a four-year period beginning January 2016. The minimum capital level requirements including
the buffer applicable to the Bank under Basel III in 2016 are: (i) a CET1 risk-based capital ratio of 5.125%; (ii) a Tier 1 risk-based
capital ratio of 6.625%; (iii) a Total risk-based capital ratio of 8.625%; and (iv) a Tier 1 leverage ratio of 4% for all institutions.
CET1 capital will consist of retained earnings and common stock instruments, subject to certain adjustments. The Bank became subject
to these new initial minimum capital level requirements as of January 1, 2015. 

As of September 30, 2016, the most recent notifications
from the FDIC categorized the Bank as  well-capitalized  under current regulations and met all capital adequacy requirements
under Basel III on a fully phased-in basis as if such requirements were currently in effect. 

Basel III provides for a number of deductions
from and adjustments to CET1. These include, for example, the requirement that mortgage servicing rights, certain deferred tax
assets and significant investments in non-consolidated financial entities be deducted from CET1. Under Basel III, the effects of
certain accumulated other comprehensive items are not excluded. The Bank made a one-time permanent election in the first quarter
of 2015 in order to avoid significant variations in the level of capital depending upon the impact of interest rate fluctuations
on the fair value of the Bank s available-for-sale securities portfolio. 

Basel III
sets forth changes in the methods of calculating certain risk-weighted assets, which in turn affect the calculation of risk-based
ratios. The new risk weightings are more punitive for assets held by banks that are deemed to be of higher risk. Basel III prescribes
a standardized approach for risk weightings that expand the risk-weighting categories depending on the nature of the assets which
results in higher risk weights for a variety of asset categories.   

Recent Accounting Pronouncements 

In August 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-15,
 Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 230): Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments,  to address diversity in
how certain cash receipts and cash payments are presented and classified in the statement of cash flows. The amendments provide
guidance on the following eight specific cash flow issues: 1) debt prepayment or debt extinguishment costs; 2) settlement of zero-coupon
debt instruments or other debt instruments with coupon interest rates that are insignificant in relation to the effective interest
rate of the borrowing; 3) contingent consideration payments made after a business combination; 4) proceeds from the settlement
of insurance claims; 5) proceeds from the settlement of corporate-owned life insurance policies, including bank-owned life insurance
policies; 6) distributions received from equity method investees; 7) beneficial interests in securitization transactions; and 8)
separately identifiable cash flows and application of the predominance principle. The amendments are effective for public companies
for fiscal years beginning after December 31, 2017, and interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption is permitted,
including adoption in an interim period. The adoption of ASU No. 2016-15 is not expected to have a material impact on the Corporation s
consolidated financial statements. 

12   

In June 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-13,
 Financial Instruments-Credit Losses (Topic 326): Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments , which is essentially
the final rule on use of the so-called CECL model, or current expected credit losses. Among other things, the amendments in this
ASU require the measurement of all expected credit losses for financial assets held at the reporting date based on historical experience,
current conditions, and reasonable and supportable forecasts. Financial institutions and other organizations will now use forward-looking
information to better inform their credit loss estimates. Many of the loss estimation techniques applied today will still be permitted,
although the inputs to those techniques will change to reflect the full amount of expected credit losses. In addition, the ASU
amends the accounting for credit losses on available-for-sale debt securities and purchased financial assets with credit deterioration.
For SEC filers, the amendments in this ASU are effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within those fiscal years, beginning
after December 15, 2019, with later effective dates for non-SEC registrant public companies and other organizations. Early adoption
will be permitted for all organizations for fiscal years, and interim periods within those fiscal years, beginning after December
15, 2018. The adoption of ASU No. 2016-13 is being reviewed for any material impact on the Corporation s consolidated financial
statements. 

In March 2016,
the FASB issued ASU  No.  2016-09 -  Compensation - Stock Compensation :  Improvements
to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting . The objective of the Simplification Initiative is to identify, evaluate, and improve
areas of GAAP for which cost and complexity can be reduced while maintaining or improving the usefulness of the information provided
to users of financial statements. The areas for simplification involve several aspects of the accounting for share-based payment
transactions, including the income tax consequences, classification of awards as either equity or liabilities, and classification
on the statement of cash flows. Amendments related to the timing of when excess tax benefits are recognized, minimum statutory
withholding requirements, forfeitures, and intrinsic value should be applied using a modified retrospective transition method by
means of a cumulative-effect adjustment to equity as of the beginning of the period in which the guidance is adopted. For public
entities, the amendments are effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2016, and interim periods within those annual
periods. The adoption of ASU No. 2016-09 is being reviewed for any material impact on the Corporation s consolidated financial
statements.  

In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU No.
2016-07:  Investments  Equity Method and Joint Ventures . The amendments in this update eliminate the requirement that
when an investment qualifies for use of the equity method as a result of an increase in the level of ownership interest or degree
of influence. The amendments require that the equity method investor add the cost of acquiring the additional interest in the investee
to the current basis of the investor s previously held interest and adopt the equity method of accounting as of the date
the investment becomes qualified for equity method accounting.  The amendments in this update are effective for all entities
for fiscal years, and interim periods within those fiscal years, beginning after December 15, 2016. The adoption of ASU No.
2016-07 is not expected to have a material impact on the Corporation s consolidated financial statements. 

In January 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-01,
 Recognition and Measurement of Financial Assets.  The new standard significantly revises an entity s accounting related
to (1) the classification and measurement of investments in equity securities and (2) the presentation of certain fair value changes
for financial liabilities measured as fair value. It also amends certain disclosure requirements associated with the fair value
of financial instruments. This ASU is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017, including interim periods within
those fiscal years. The adoption of ASU No. 2016-01 is being reviewed for any material impact there may be on the Corporation's
consolidated financial statements. 

NOTE 2  

Fair Value Measurements  

On January 1, 2008, the Corporation adopted
ASC Topic 820, Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures, which provides a framework for measuring fair value under GAAP.  ASC
Topic 820 applies to all financial statement elements that are being measured and reported on a fair value basis. 

13   

The Corporation utilizes fair value measurements
to record fair value adjustments to certain assets and liabilities and to determine fair value disclosures.  Securities
available for sale are recorded at fair value on a recurring basis.  From time to time, the Corporation may be required
to record at fair value other assets on a nonrecurring basis, such as impaired loans and foreclosed real estate. Additionally,
the Corporation is required to disclose, but not record, the fair value of other financial instruments. 

Fair Value Hierarchy: 

 Under ASC Topic 820, the Corporation groups
assets and liabilities at fair value in three levels, based on the markets in which the assets and liabilities are traded and the
reliability of the assumptions used to determine fair value.  These levels are: 

Level 1   Valuation
is based upon quoted prices for identical instruments traded in active markets. 

Level 2   Valuation
is based upon quoted prices for similar instruments in active markets, quoted prices for identical or similar instruments in markets
that are not active, and model-based valuation techniques for which all significant assumptions are observable in the market. 

Level 3   Valuation
is generated from model-based techniques that use at least one significant assumption not observable in the market. These unobservable
assumptions reflect estimates of assumptions that market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability.  Valuation
techniques include use of option pricing models, discounted cash flow models and similar techniques. 

Following is a description of valuation methodologies
used for assets and liabilities which are either recorded or disclosed at fair value. 

Cash and Cash Equivalents: 

 For disclosure purposes for cash, due from
banks, federal funds sold and certificates of deposit in other banks, the carrying amount is a reasonable estimate of fair value. 

Investment Securities Available for Sale: 

 Investment securities available for sale are
recorded at fair value on a recurring basis.  Fair value measurement is based upon quoted prices, if available.  If
quoted prices are not available, fair values are measured using independent pricing models or other model-based valuation techniques
such as the present value of future cash flows, adjusted for the security s credit rating, prepayment assumptions and other
factors such as credit loss assumptions.  Level 1 securities include those traded on an active exchange, such as the
New York Stock Exchange and U.S. Treasury securities that are traded by dealers or brokers in active over-the-counter market funds.  Level
2 securities include mortgage-backed securities issued by government sponsored enterprises and state, county and municipal bonds.  Securities
classified as Level 3 include asset-backed securities in less liquid markets. 

Investment Securities Held to Maturity: 

 Investment securities held to maturity are
not recorded at fair value on a recurring basis. For disclosure purposes, fair value measurement is based upon quoted prices, if
available. 

Federal Home Loan Bank Stock: 

 For disclosure purposes, the carrying value
of other investments approximates fair value. 

14   

Loans: 

 The Corporation does not record loans at fair
value on a recurring basis.  However, from time to time, a loan is considered impaired and a specific allocation is established
within the allowance for loan losses.  Loans for which it is probable that payment of interest and principal will not
be made in accordance with the contractual terms of the loan agreement are considered impaired.  Once a loan is identified
as individually impaired, management measures impairment in accordance with ASC Topic 310,  Accounting by Creditors for
Impairment of a Loan .  The fair value of impaired loans is estimated using one of three methods, including collateral
value, market value of similar debt, and discounted cash flows.  Those impaired loans not requiring an allowance represent
loans for which the fair value of the expected repayments or collateral exceed the recorded investments in such loans.  In
accordance with ASC Topic 820, impaired loans where an allowance is established based on the fair value of collateral require classification
in the fair value hierarchy.  When the fair value of the collateral is based on an observable market price or a current
appraised value, the Corporation records the impaired loan as nonrecurring Level 2.  When an appraised value is not available
or management determines the fair value of the collateral is further impaired below the appraised value and there is no observable
market price, the Corporation records the impaired loan as nonrecurring Level 3. 

For disclosure purposes, the fair value of
fixed rate loans which are not considered impaired, is estimated by discounting the future cash flows using the current rates at
which similar loans would be made to borrowers with similar credit ratings. For unimpaired variable rate loans, the carrying amount
is a reasonable estimate of fair value for disclosure purposes. 

Foreclosed Assets: 

 Other real estate properties are adjusted to
fair value upon transfer of the loans to other real estate. Subsequently, other real estate assets are carried at the lower of
carrying value or fair value.  Fair value is based upon independent market prices, appraised values of the collateral
or management s estimation of the value of the collateral.  When the fair value of the collateral is based on an
observable market price or a current appraised value, the Corporation records the other real estate as nonrecurring Level 2.  When
an appraised value is not available or management determines the fair value of the collateral is further impaired below the appraised
value and there is no observable market price, the Corporation records the other real estate asset as nonrecurring Level 3. 

Deposits: 

 For disclosure purposes, the fair value of
demand deposits, savings accounts, NOW accounts and money market deposits is the amount payable on demand at the reporting date,
while the fair value of fixed maturity certificates of deposit is estimated by discounting the future cash flows using current
rates at which comparable certificates would be issued. 

Federal Funds Purchased: 

 For disclosure purposes, the carrying amount
for Federal funds purchased is a reasonable estimate of fair value due to the short-term nature of these financial instruments. 

FHLB Advances: 

 For disclosure purposes, the fair value of
the FHLB fixed rate borrowing is estimated using discounted cash flows, based on the current incremental borrowing rates for similar
types of borrowing arrangements. 

Commitments to Extend Credit and Standby Letters
of Credit: 

 Because commitments to extend credit and standby
letters of credit are made using variable rates and have short maturities, the carrying value and the fair value are immaterial
for disclosure. 

Assets Recorded at Fair Value on a Recurring
Basis: 

 The table below presents the recorded amount
of assets measured at fair value on a recurring basis as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015. 

15   

Assets Recorded at Fair Value on a Nonrecurring
Basis: 

 The Corporation may be required, from
time to time, to measure certain assets at fair value on a nonrecurring basis in accordance with GAAP.  These include
assets that are measured at the lower of cost or market that were recognized at fair value below cost at the end of the period.    Assets
measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis are included in the table below as of September 30, 2016, and December 31, 2015. 

Foreclosed properties that are included above
as measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis are those properties that resulted from a loan that had been foreclosed and charged
down or have been written down subsequent to foreclosure. Foreclosed properties are generally recorded at the appraised value less
estimated selling costs in the range of 15   20%. Loans that are reported above as being measured at fair value on a nonrecurring
basis are generally impaired loans that have been either partially charged off or have specific reserves assigned to them. Nonaccrual
impaired loans that are collateral dependent are generally written down to a range of 80   85% of appraised value which considers
the estimated costs to sell. Specific reserves are established for impaired loans based on appraised value of collateral or discounted
cash flows. 

The carrying
amount and estimated fair values of the Corporation s assets and liabilities which are required to be either disclosed or
recorded at fair value at September 30, 2016, and December 31, 2015, are as follows:  

16   

Limitations: 

 Fair value estimates are made at a specific
point in time, based on relevant market information and information about the financial statement element. These estimates are
subjective in nature and involve uncertainties and matters of significant judgment and therefore cannot be determined with precision.
Changes in assumptions could significantly affect the estimates. 

Fair value estimates included herein are based
on existing on- and off-balance-sheet financial instruments without attempting to estimate the value of anticipated future business
and the fair value of assets and liabilities that are not required to be recorded or disclosed at fair value like premises and
equipment. In addition, the tax ramifications related to the realization of the unrealized gains and losses can have a significant
effect on fair value estimates and have not been considered in the estimates. 

NOTE 3  

Investment Securities  

Debt and equity securities have been classified
in the consolidated balance sheets according to management s intent. The amortized cost of securities as shown in the consolidated
balance sheets and their estimated fair values at September 30, 2016, and December 31, 2015, were as follows: 

17   

Securities Available For Sale:  

Securities Held to Maturity : 

The amortized cost and estimated fair value
of securities at September 30, 2016, and December 31, 2015, by contractual maturity, are shown below. Expected maturities will
differ from contractual maturities because borrowers may have the right to call or prepay obligations with or without penalties. 

18   

Information pertaining to securities with gross unrealized losses
aggregated by investment category and length of time that individual securities have been in continuous loss position, follows: 

19   

During the three months ended
September 30, 2016, we sold one available for sale U.S. Government Agency security in the amount of $1,549,453, resulting in
a gain of $57,052. In the first half of 2016, we sold available for sale U.S. Government Agency securities in the amount of
$10,036,609 resulting in a net realized gain of $76,524. Also, available for sale mortgage-backed securities in the amount of
$347,572 and held to maturity mortgage-backed securities in the amount of $576,834 were sold in the first half of 2016 for
net gains of $10,458 and $24,885, respectively. These transactions occurred in order to provide liquidity and remove small
lots of mortgage-backed securities. These small lots of held to maturity mortgage-backed securities sold were paid down to
over 85% of face value. 

During the third quarter of 2015, no investment
securities were sold. In the first half of 2015, a $3,587 gain on the sale of securities was recognized as a result of selling
$4,044,500 million in short-term U.S. Government Agency securities and $516,746 in mortgage-backed securities in order to provide
liquidity and remove small lots of mortgage-backed securities. These small lots of held to maturity mortgage-backed securities
sold were paid down to over 85% of face value. 

Management evaluates securities for other-than-temporary
impairment at least on a quarterly basis, and more frequently when economic or market concerns warrant such evaluation. Consideration
is given to (1) the length of time and the extent to which the fair value has been less than cost, (2) the financial condition
and near-term prospects of the issuer, and (3) the intent and ability of the Corporation to retain its investment in the issuer
for a period of time sufficient to allow for any anticipated recovery in fair value. 

At September 30, 2016, nineteen debt securities
with unrealized losses have depreciated 0.2% from the Corporation s amortized cost basis. These unrealized losses relate
principally to current interest rates for similar types of securities. In analyzing an issuer s financial condition, management
considers whether the securities are issued by the federal government, its agencies, or other governments, whether downgrades by
bond rating agencies have occurred, and the results of reviews of the issuer s financial condition. Management has the ability
to hold debt securities until maturity, or for the foreseeable future if classified as available-for-sale. Also, no declines in
debt securities are deemed to be other-than-temporary. 

NOTE 4  

Loans and Allowance for Loan Losses  

The composition of the Corporation s
loan portfolio and the percentage of loans in each category to total loans at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, were as
follows: 

20   

The Corporation s only significant concentration
of credit at September 30, 2016, occurred in real estate loans which totaled $210,683,115. However, this amount was not concentrated
in any specific segment within the market or geographic area. 

Certain 1-4 family and multifamily mortgage
loans are pledged to Federal Home Loan Bank to secure outstanding advances. At September 30, 2016, $54,682,688 in loans were pledged
in this capacity. 

The following table shows maturities as
well as interest sensitivity of the commercial, financial, agricultural, and construction loan portfolio at September 30, 2016. 

The following table shows, for such loans
due after one year, the amounts which have predetermined interest rates and the amounts which have floating or adjustable interest
rates at September 30, 2016. 

Appraisal Policy  

When a loan is first identified as a problem
loan, the appraisal is reviewed to determine if the appraised value is still appropriate for the collateral. For the duration that
a loan is considered a problem loan, the appraised value of the collateral is monitored on a quarterly basis. If significant changes
occur in market conditions or in the condition of the collateral, a new appraisal will be obtained. 

21   

Nonaccrual Policy  

The Corporation does not accrue interest on
any loan (1) that is maintained on a cash basis due to the deteriorated financial condition of the borrower, (2) for which payment
in full of principal or interest is not expected, or (3) upon which principal or interest has been past due for ninety days or
more unless the loan is well secured and in the process of collection. 

A loan subsequently placed on nonaccrual status
may be returned to accrual status if (1) all past due interest and principal is paid with expectations of any remaining contractual
principal and interest being repaid or (2) the loan becomes well secured and in the process of collection. 

Loans placed on nonaccrual status amounted
to $351,864 and $1,545,599 at September 30, 2016, and December 31, 2015, respectively. There were no past due loans over ninety
days and still accruing at September 30, 2016, and one past due loan over ninety days and still accruing in the amount of $521
at December 31, 2015. The accrual of interest is discontinued when the loan is placed on nonaccrual. Interest income that would
have been recorded on these nonaccrual loans in accordance with their original terms totaled $766 for September 30, 2016, and $40,346
for December 31, 2015. 

The following tables present an age analysis
of past due loans and nonaccrual loans segregated by class of loans. 

22   

Impaired Loans  

A loan is considered impaired when, based on
current information and events, it is probable that the Corporation will be unable to collect the scheduled payments of principal
or interest when due according to the contractual terms of the loan agreement. Factors considered by management in determining
impairment include payment status, collateral value, and the probability of collecting scheduled principal and interest payments
when due. Loans that experience insignificant payment delays and payment shortfalls generally are not classified as impaired. Management
determines the significance of payment delays and payment shortfalls on a case-by-case basis, taking into consideration all of
the circumstances surrounding the loan and the borrower, including the length of the delay, the reasons for the delay, the borrower s
prior payment record, and the amount of the shortfall in relation to the principal and interest owed. Impairment is measured on
a loan by loan basis for commercial and construction loans by either the present value of expected future cash flows discounted
at the loan s effective interest rate, the loan s obtainable market price, or the fair value of the collateral if the
loan is collateral dependent. 

At September 30, 2016, and December 31, 2015,
impaired loans amounted to $3,698,650 and $5,558,615, respectively. A reserve amount of $135,994 and $304,114 were recorded in
the allowance for loan losses for these impaired loans as of September 30, 2016, and December 31, 2015, respectively. 

The following tables present impaired loans, segregated by class
of loans as of September 30, 2016, and December 31, 2015: 

23   

At September 30, 2015, the year-to-date average
recorded investment of impaired loans was $6,758,628 and the interest income received during impairment was $169,785. 

At September 30, 2016, and December 31, 2015,
included in impaired loans were $914,761 and $2,290,411, respectively, of troubled debt restructurings. 

Troubled Debt Restructurings (TDR)  

Loans are considered to have been modified
in a troubled debt restructuring, or TDR, when due to a borrower s financial difficulty the Corporation makes certain concessions
to the borrower that it would not otherwise consider for new debt with similar risk characteristics. Modifications may include
interest rate reductions, principal or interest forgiveness, forbearance, and other actions intended to minimize economic loss
and to avoid foreclosure or repossession of the collateral. Each potential loan modification is reviewed individually and the terms
of the loan are modified to meet the borrower s specific circumstances at a point in time. Not all loan modifications are
TDRs. However, performance prior to the modification, or significant events that coincide with the modification, are included in
assessing whether the borrower can meet the new terms and may result in the loan being returned to accrual status at the time of
loan modification or after a shorter performance period. 

Loan modifications are reviewed and recommended
by the Corporation s senior credit officer, who determines whether the loan meets the criteria for a TDR. Generally, the
types of concessions granted to borrowers that are evaluated in determining whether the loan is classified as a TDR include: 

Interest rate reductions   Occur when the stated interest rate
is reduced to a nonmarket rate or a rate the borrower would not be able to obtain elsewhere under similar circumstances.    

Amortization or maturity date changes   Result when the amortization
period of the loan is extended beyond what is considered a normal amortization period for loans of similar type with similar collateral.    

Principal reductions   Arise when the Corporation charges off
a portion of the principal that is not fully collateralized and collectability is uncertain; however, this portion of principal
may be recovered in the future under certain circumstances.     

The following tables present the amount of
troubled debt restructuring by loan class, classified separately as accrual and nonaccrual at September 30, 2016, and December
31, 2015, as well as those currently paying under restructured terms and those that have defaulted under restructured terms at
September 30, 2016, and December 31, 2015. Loans modified in a troubled debt restructuring are considered to be in default once
the loan becomes 30 days past due. 

24   

The following table presents the amount of
troubled debt restructurings by types of concessions made, classified separately as accrual and non-accrual at September 30, 2016,
and December 31, 2015. 

As of September 30, 2016, and December 31,
2015, the Corporation had a balance of $914,761 and $2,290,411, respectively, in troubled debt restructurings. The Corporation
had no charge-offs on such loans at September 30, 2016, and December 31, 2015. The Corporation s balance in the allowance
for loan losses allocated to such troubled debt restructurings was $0 and $130,441 at September 30, 2016, and December 31, 2015,
respectively. The Corporation had no unfunded commitments to lend to a customer that has a troubled debt restructured loan as of
September 30, 2016. 

Credit Risk Monitoring and Loan Grading  

The Corporation employs several means to monitor
the risk in the loan portfolio including volume and severity of loan delinquencies, nonaccrual loans, internal grading of loans,
historical loss experience and economic conditions. 

Loans are subject to an internal risk grading
system which indicates the risk and acceptability of that loan. The loan grades used by the Corporation are for internal risk identification
purposes and do not directly correlate to regulatory classification categories or any financial reporting definitions. 

The general characteristics of the risk grades
are as follows: 

Grade 1   Exceptional   
Loans graded 1 are characterized as having a very high credit quality, exhibit minimum risk to the Corporation and have low administrative
cost. These loans are usually secured by highly liquid and marketable collateral and a strong primary and secondary source of repayment
is available. 

25   

Grade 2   Above Average   
Loans graded 2 are basically sound credits secured by sound assets and/or backed by the financial strength of borrowers of integrity
with a history of satisfactory payments of credit obligations. 

Grade 3   Acceptable    Loans
graded 3 are secured by sound assets of sufficient value and/or supported by the sufficient financial strength of the borrower.
The borrower will have experience in their business area or employed a reasonable amount of time at their current employment. The
borrower will have a sound primary source of repayment, and preferably a secondary source, which will allow repayment in a prompt
and reasonable period of time. 

Grade 4   Fair    Loans graded
4 are those which exhibit some weakness or downward trend in financial condition and although the repayment history is satisfactory,
it requires supervision by bank personnel. The borrower may have little experience in their business area or employed only a short
amount of time at their current employment. The loan may be secured by good collateral; however, it may require close supervision
as to value and/or quality and may not have sufficient liquidation value to completely cover the loan. 

Grade 5a   Watch    Loans
graded 5a contain a discernible weakness; however, the weakness is not sufficiently pronounced so as to cause concern for the possible
loss of interest or principal. Loans in this category may exhibit outward signs of stress, such as slowness in financial disclosures
or recent payments. However, such signs are not of long duration or of sufficient severity that default appears imminent. Loans
in this category are not so deficient as to cause alarm, but do require close monitoring for further deterioration and possible
downgrade. 

Grade 5b   Other Assets Especially
Mentioned (OAEM)    Loans graded 5b may otherwise be classified more severely except that the loan is well secured by
properly margined collateral, it is generally performing in accordance with the original contract or modification thereof and such
performance has seasoned for a period of 90 days, or the ultimate collection of all principal and interest is reasonably expected.
Loans in this grade are unsupported by sufficient evidence of the borrower s sound net worth or repayment capacity or may
be subject to third party action that would cause concern for future prompt repayment. 

Grade 6   Substandard   
Loans graded 6 contain clearly pronounced credit weaknesses that are below acceptable credit standards for the Corporation. Such
weaknesses may be due to either collateral deficiencies or inherent financial weakness of the borrower, but in either case represents
less than acceptable credit risk. Loans in this grade are unsupported by sufficient evidence of the borrower s sound net
worth, repayment capacity or acceptable collateral. 

Grade 7   Doubtful    Loans
graded 7 have such a pronounced credit weaknesses that the Corporation is clearly exposed to a significant degree of potential
loss of principal or interest. Theses loan generally have a defined weakness which jeopardizes the ultimate repayment of the debt. 

Grade 8   Loss    Loans graded
8 are of such deteriorated credit quality that repayment of principal and interest can no longer be considered. These loans are
of such little value that their continuance as an active bank asset is not warranted. As of September 30, 2016, all Grade 8 loans
have been charged-off. 

The following tables present internal loan
grading by class of loans as of September 30, 2016, and December 31, 2015: 

26   

Allowance for Loan Losses Methodology  

The allowance for loan losses (ALL) is determined
by a calculation based on segmenting the loans into the following categories: (1) impaired loans and nonaccrual loans, (2) loans
with a credit risk rating of 5b, 6, 7 or 8, (3) other outstanding loans, and (4) other commitments to lend. In addition, unallocated
general reserves are estimated based on migration and economic analysis of the loan portfolio. 

The ALL is calculated by the addition of the
estimated loss derived from each of the above categories. The impaired loans and nonaccrual loans over $50,000 are analyzed on
an individual basis to determine if the future collateral value is sufficient to support the outstanding debt of the loan. If an
estimated loss is calculated, it is included in the estimated ALL until it is charged to the loan loss reserve. The calculation
for loan risk graded 5b, 6, 7 or 8, other outstanding loans and other commitments to lend is based on assigning an estimated loss
factor based on a twelve quarter rolling historical weighted average net loss rate. The estimated requirement for unallocated general
reserves from migration and economic analysis is determined by considering (1) trends in asset quality, (2) level and trends in
charge-off experience, (3) macroeconomic trends and conditions, (4) microeconomic trends and conditions and (5) risk profile of
lending activities. Within each of these categories, a high risk factor percentage and a low risk factor percentage from a rating
of excessive, high, moderate or low will be determined by management and applied to the loan portfolio. This results in a high
and low range of the estimated reserves required. By adding the estimated high and low value from the migration and economic analysis
to the estimated reserve from the loan portfolio, a high and low range of total estimated loss reserves is obtained. This amount
is then compared to the actual amount in the loan loss reserve. 

27   

The calculation of ALL is performed on a monthly
basis and is presented to the Loan Committee and the Board of Directors. 

The following table details activity in
the ALL and loans evaluated for impairment by class of loans for the three and nine month periods ended September 30, 2016. Allocation
of a portion of the allowance to one category of loans does not preclude its availability to absorb losses in other categories.
The annualized net charge-offs to average loans outstanding ratio was 0.03% for the nine months ended September 30, 2016. 

Three months ended September 30, 2016 : 

28   

Nine months ended September 30, 2016 : 

29   

The following table details activity in the
ALL and loans evaluated for impairment by class of loans for the year ended December 31, 2015. 

30   

ITEM 2.  MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL

CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS   

Forward-Looking Statements  

In addition to historical information, this
Form 10-Q report contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws. The Corporation cautions
that there are various factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from the anticipated results or other expectations
expressed in the Corporation s forward-looking statements; accordingly, there can be no assurance that such indicated results
will be realized. These factors include risks related to: 

Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance
on any forward-looking statements made by or on behalf of the Corporation. Any such statement speaks only as of the date the statement
was made. The Corporation undertakes no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements. Additional information with
respect to factors that may cause results to differ materially from those contemplated by such forward-looking statements is included
in the Corporation s current and subsequent filings with the SEC. 

the conditions in the banking system, financial markets, and general economic conditions;  
                     
          the Corporation s ability to raise capital;  
                     
          the Corporation s ability to maintain liquidity or access other sources of funding;  
                     
          the Corporation s construction and land development loans;   
                     
          asset quality;   
                     
          the adequacy of the allowance for loan losses;   
                     
          technology difficulties or failures;   
                     
          the Corporation s ability to execute its business strategy;   
                     
          the loss of key personnel;   
                     
          competition from financial institutions and other financial service providers;   
                     
          the impact of the Dodd-Frank Act and related regulations and other changes in financial services
        laws and regulations;  
                     
          the impact of new minimum capital thresholds established as a part of the implementation of
        Basel III;   
                     
          changes in regulation and monetary policy;   
                     
          losses due to fraudulent and negligent conduct of customers, service providers or employees;

acquisitions or dispositions of assets or internal restructuring that may be pursued by the
        Corporation;   
                     
          changes in or application of environmental and other laws and regulations to which the Corporation
        is subject;   
                     
          political, legal and local economic conditions and developments;   
                     
          financial market conditions and the results of financing efforts;   
                     
          changes in commodity prices and interest rates;   
                     
          a cybersecurity incident involving the misappropriation, loss or unauthorized disclosure or
        use of confidential information of our customers; and  
                     
          weather, natural disasters and other catastrophic events and other factors discussed in the
        Corporation s other filings with the SEC.    

31   

Overview  

The Corporation is a full-service community
bank holding company headquartered in Moultrie, Georgia. The community of Moultrie has been served by the Bank since 1928. We provide
comprehensive financial services to consumer, business and governmental customers, which, in addition to conventional banking products,
include a full range of mortgage banking, trust, retail brokerage and insurance services. Our primary market area incorporates
Colquitt County, where we are headquartered, as well as Baker, Lowndes, Tift and Worth Counties, each contiguous with Colquitt
County, and the surrounding counties of southwest Georgia. We have five full service banking facilities, six automated teller machines,
and recently opened a loan production office in Tifton, Georgia. 

Our strategy is to: 

maintain the diversity of our revenue, including both interest and noninterest income through
        a broad base of business;  
                     
          strengthen our sales and marketing efforts while developing our employees to provide the best
        possible service to our customers;  
                     
          expand our market share where opportunity exists; and  
                     
          grow outside of our current geographic market either through de-novo branching or acquisitions
        into areas proximate to our current market area.     

We believe that investing in sales and marketing
in this challenging market will provide us with a competitive advantage. To that end, we expanded geographically in Valdosta, Georgia,
since 2010 with two full-service banking centers, a mortgage origination office, and a commercial banking center. Continuing to
expand our geographical footprint, in January 2016, a loan production office was opened in the neighboring community of Tifton,
Georgia. 

The Corporation s profitability, like
most financial institutions, is dependent to a large extent upon net interest income, which is the difference between the interest
received on earning assets and the interest paid on interest-bearing liabilities. The Corporation s earning assets are primarily
loans, securities, and short-term interest-bearing deposits with banks, and the interest-bearing liabilities are principally customer
deposits and borrowings. Net interest income is highly sensitive to fluctuations in interest rates. To address interest rate fluctuations,
we manage our balance sheet in an effort to diminish the impact should interest rates suddenly change. 

Broadening our revenue sources helps to reduce
the risk and exposure of our financial results to the impact of changes in interest rates, which are outside of our control. Sources
of noninterest income include our insurance agency, fees on customer accounts, and trust and retail brokerage services through
our Wealth Strategies division. In the third quarter of 2016, noninterest income was 19.4% of the Corporation s total revenue. 

Our profitability is also impacted by operating
expenses such as salaries, employee benefits, occupancy, and income taxes. Our lending activities are significantly influenced
by regional and local factors such as changes in population, competition among lenders, interest rate conditions and prevailing
market rates on competing uses of funds and investments, customer preferences and levels of personal income and savings in the
Corporation s primary market area. 

Although the economy is slowly recovering,
regulatory burdens continue to outpace growth opportunities. Despite those challenges, we will continue to focus on our customers
and believe that our strategic positioning, strong balance sheet and capital levels position us to sustain our franchise, capture
market share and build customer loyalty. 

The Corporation s nonperforming assets
decreased by $880 thousand to $479 thousand at the end of September 30, 2016, compared with the same period last year. Foreclosed
assets increased $127 thousand to $127 thousand compared with the third quarter last year. 

32   

Critical Accounting Policies  

In the course of the Corporation s normal
business activity, management must select and apply many accounting policies and methodologies that lead to the financial results
presented in the consolidated financial statements of the Corporation. Management considers the accounting policy relating to the
allowance for loan losses to be a critical accounting policy because of the uncertainty and subjectivity inherent in estimating
the levels of allowance needed to cover probable credit losses within the loan portfolio and the material effect that these estimates
have on the Corporation s results of operations. We believe that the allowance for loan losses as of September 30, 2016,
is adequate; however, under adverse conditions or assumptions, future additions to the allowance may be necessary. There have been
no significant changes in the methods or assumptions used in our accounting policies that would have resulted in material estimates
and assumptions changes. Note 1 to the Consolidated Financial Statements provides a description of our significant accounting policies
and contributes to the understanding of how our financial performance is reported. 

LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES   

Liquidity management involves the ability to
meet the cash flow requirements of customers who may be either depositors wanting to withdraw their funds or borrowers needing
assurance that sufficient funds will be available to meet their credit needs. In the ordinary course of business, the Corporation s
cash flows are generated from interest and fee income as well as from loan repayments and the maturity or sale of other earning
assets. In addition, liquidity is continuously provided through the acquisition of new deposits and borrowings or the rollover
of maturing deposits and borrowings. The Corporation strives to maintain an adequate liquidity position by managing the balances
and maturities of interest-earning assets and interest-earning liabilities so its short-term investments balance, at any given
time, will adequately cover any reasonably anticipated immediate need for funds. Additionally, the Bank maintains relationships
with correspondent banks that could provide funds on short notice, if needed. 

The liquidity and capital resources of the
Corporation are monitored on a periodic basis by state and Federal regulatory authorities. As determined under guidelines established
by these regulatory authorities, the Bank s liquidity ratios at September 30, 2016, were considered satisfactory. At that
date, the Bank s short-term investments were adequate to cover any reasonably anticipated immediate need for funds. We are
not aware of any known trends, events, or uncertainties that will have or that are reasonably likely to have a material adverse
effect on the Corporation s liquidity or operations. At September 30, 2016, the Corporation s and the Bank s
risk-based capital ratios were considered adequate based on guidelines established by regulatory authorities. During the nine months
ended September 30, 2016, total capital increased $3.0 million to $39.1 million and increased $2.6 million from the same period
last year. Also, the Corporation continues to maintain a healthy level of capital adequacy as measured by its equity-to-asset ratio
of 8.82% as of September 30, 2016, and average equity-to-average asset ratio for the third quarter ending September 30, 2016, of
8.97%. The Corporation is not aware of any events or trends likely to result in a material change in capital resources other than
the effects of normal operations on the retention of net earnings. Also, the Corporation s management is not aware of any
current recommendations by the regulatory authorities which, if they were implemented, would have a material effect on the Corporation s
capital resources. 

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS  

The Corporation s results of operations
are determined by its ability to effectively manage interest income and expense, to minimize loan and investment losses, to generate
noninterest income and to control noninterest expense. Since interest rates are determined by market forces and economic conditions
beyond the control of the Corporation, the ability to generate net interest income is dependent upon the Bank s ability to
obtain an adequate spread between the rate earned on interest-earning assets and the rate paid on interest-bearing liabilities.
Thus, the key performance measure for net interest income is the interest margin or net yield, which is taxable-equivalent net
interest income divided by average earning assets. 

33   

Performance Summary  

The Corporation's net income after taxes for
the three-month period ending September 30, 2016, was $973 thousand, up $115 thousand from net income of $857 thousand for the
third quarter of 2015. This increase in net income was primarily due to an increase of $519 thousand in interest income and an
increase of $52 thousand in noninterest income. This revenue growth was partially offset by an increase of $280 thousand in noninterest
expense and an increase of $87 thousand in interest expense compared with the third quarter of 2015. 

On a per share basis, net income for the third
quarter was $.38 per diluted share compared with $.33 per diluted share for the same quarter in 2015. The weighted average common
diluted shares outstanding for the quarter were 2.548 million, the same as third quarter last year. 

We measure our performance on selected key
ratios, which are provided for the previous five quarterly periods. 

Comparison of Statements of Income for the Quarter  

Total interest income increased $519 thousand
to $4.408 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016, compared with the same period in 2015, reflecting an increase
in interest income and fees on loans of $570 thousand. Interest on deposits in other banks and dividends increased $11 thousand
and $4 thousand, respectively, when compared with the third quarter of 2015. These increases were partially offset by a decrease
in interest income from investment securities of $63 thousand compared with the same period last year. Interest on certificates
of deposit in other banks also decreased by $3 thousand compared with the third quarter last year. 

Total interest expense increased $87 thousand,
or 26.7%, to $412 thousand in the third quarter of 2016 compared with the same period in 2015. Interest paid on deposits increased
$41 thousand, or 20.2%, during the third quarter of 2016 due to slight changes in deposit mix. Interest on total borrowings increased
$46 thousand compared with the same quarter in 2015 due to an increase of borrowings compared with the prior year to fund loan
growth. 

The primary source of revenue for the Corporation
is net interest income, which is the difference between total interest income on earning assets and interest expense on interest-bearing
sources of funds. Net interest income improved to $4.0 million for the third quarter of 2016 compared with $3.6 million in net
interest income in the 2015 third quarter. Net interest income after provision for loan losses for the third quarter of 2016 was
$4.0 million compared with $3.5 million for the same period in 2015. The third quarter provision for loan losses was $45 thousand
in 2016, down from $51 thousand in 2015. The Corporation s net interest margin was 4.12% for the third quarter of 2016, up
2 basis points from the same period last year. The higher net interest margin was a result of the impact of changes in earning
asset mix driven by a $52 million average loan growth. This increase was partially offset by more interest expense paid on certificates
of deposit and a $6.6 million increase in average borrowings. 

34   

Noninterest income, at 19.4% of the Corporation s
total revenue for the quarter, was $1.1 million for the third quarter, increasing 5.1% compared with the same period in 2015. The
$52 thousand increase in noninterest income was the result of a $57 thousand gain on sale of the securities, a $10 thousand increase
in income from mortgage banking services, and a $7 thousand increase in income from retail brokerage services. Also, there were
slight increases in income from trust services and other income when compared with the third quarter last year. Offsetting these
increases was a decrease in income from insurance services of $21 thousand compared with the prior year third quarter. Also, service
charges on deposit accounts decreased $7 thousand compared with the third quarter last year. 

Noninterest expense was $3.7 million for the
third quarter of 2016, an increase of $280 thousand when compared with the third quarter of 2015. The largest component of noninterest
expense, salaries and employee benefits, increased $314 thousand to $2.2 million for the third quarter mainly due to expansion
in the Valdosta and Tifton markets as well as providing for the retirement of critical staff this year and next year. Data processing
expense also increased $36 thousand compared with the third quarter last year. Partially offsetting these increases, combined equipment
and occupancy expenses decreased $46 thousand compared with the third quarter a year ago. Other operating expenses also decreased
$24 thousand compared with the third quarter of 2015. 

Comparison of Statements of Income for the
Nine-month Period  

Total interest income for the first
nine months of 2016 increased $1.5 million to $13.0 million when compared with the same period in 2015. This increase was largely
due to a $1.6 million increase in interest income and fees on loans due to a $45.0 million higher average loan volume compared
with the first nine months of 2015. Interest on deposits in banks also increased $23 thousand compared to the same period last
year. Partially offsetting these increases, interest income from investment securities decreased by $124 thousand due to a $12.7
million lower average volume of investment securities when compared with the first nine months of last year. 

 Total interest expense for the nine-month
period ended September 30, 2016, increased $217 thousand, or 22.5%, to $1.2 million compared with the same period in 2015. The
increase in interest expense was mostly related to higher interest expense on total borrowings of $129 thousand for the first nine
months of 2016 due to an $8.0 million larger average of Federal Home Loan Bank advances compared with the same period last year.
Interest paid on interest-bearing deposits also increased $88 thousand compared with the first nine months of 2015. 

 Net interest income for the first nine
months of 2016 was 12.0% higher at $11.8 million compared with $10.5 million for the same period in 2015. Net interest income after
provision for loan losses was $11.7 million compared with $10.4 million for the same period in 2015. The provision for loan losses
was $115 thousand in the first nine months of 2016, down from $141 thousand for the same period of 2015. Net interest margin was
4.20% for the first nine months of 2016, up 14 basis points from 4.06% for the same period last year. Growth in loan volume contributed
to the increase in net interest income and margin. 

 For the first nine months of 2016, noninterest
income was $3.4 million, up $169 thousand, or 5.3%, compared with the same period in 2015. The increase was primarily attributed
to a $169 thousand gain on the sale of securities in the first nine months of 2016 and a $57 thousand increase in income from insurance
services compared with the prior year. Also, income from mortgage banking services and other income increased $36 thousand and
$20 thousand, respectively, compared with the first nine months of 2015. Partially offsetting these increases, income from trust
services and service charges on deposit accounts declined $34 thousand and $31 thousand, respectively, compared with the same period
last year. Income from retail brokerage also declined $22 thousand compared with the first nine months of 2015. 

 Noninterest expense increased $708
thousand for the first nine months of 2016 compared with the same period last year mainly attributed to an increase in salary
and employee benefits of $696 thousand. Data processing, and occupancy expenses increased $83 thousand and $9 thousand, respectively,
when compared with the same period in 2015. Partially offsetting these increases, other operating expenses decreased $48 thousand
and equipment expense decreased $32 thousand in the first nine months of 2016 compared with the first nine months of 2015. 

35   

Comparison of Financial Condition Statements  

At September 30, 2016, total assets were $443.0
million, a $28.2 million increase from December 31, 2015. Changes in earning asset mix were primarily noted in a $36.4 million
growth in total loans and a decrease of $10.6 million in investment securities. Total deposits grew $25.2 million for the first
nine months of 2016. This increase in deposits was primarily in noninterest-bearing accounts. 

Total loans increased $36.4 million to $287.2
million at September 30, 2016, compared with $250.8 million at December 31, 2015. The Corporation continues to be conservative
in its lending practices in order to maintain a quality loan portfolio. Loans, a major use of funds, represented 64.8% of total
assets. 

Investment securities and interest-bearing
deposits in other banks represented 29.4% of total assets at September 30, 2016. Compared with December 31, 2015, interest-bearing
deposits in banks increased $1.6 million, and investment securities decreased $10.6 million. This resulted in an overall decrease
in investments of $9.0 million since December 31, 2015. The decrease in investments was primarily used to fund loan growth. 

Deposits increased to $364.3 million at the
end of the third quarter of 2016, up $25.2 million from the end of 2015. The increase was primarily in noninterest-bearing deposits
of $17.3 million and certificates of deposit $100,000 and over of $10.2 million. NOW accounts and savings accounts also increased
$7.6 million and $3.1 million, respectively. Mostly offsetting these increases, money market accounts decreased $10.3 million and
other time accounts decreased $2.7 million when compared with December 31, 2015. At September 30, 2016, total deposits represented
82.2% of total assets. 

Total debt decreased by $733 thousand to $35.3
million when compared with the end of 2015. The Corporation will repay the Federal Home Loan Bank advances as scheduled. 

The following table shows the major contractual
obligations for the Corporation. 

36   

Long-term debt consists of the following: 

The allowance for loan losses represents a
reserve for potential losses in the loan portfolio. The adequacy of the allowance for loan losses is evaluated monthly based on
a review of all significant loans, with a particular emphasis on nonaccruing, past due, and other loans that management believes
require attention. 

Other factors used in determining the adequacy
of the reserve are management s judgment about factors affecting loan quality and their assumptions about the local and national
economy. The allowance for loan losses was 1.08% of total loans outstanding at September 30, 2016, compared with 1.21% at December
31, 2015, and 1.33% at September 30, 2015. Net charge-offs in the 2016 third quarter were $64 thousand compared with net charge-offs
of $51 thousand in the third quarter of 2015. Management considers the allowance for loan losses as of September 30, 2016, adequate
to cover potential losses in the loan portfolio. For more information about loans, see Part I, Item 1,  Note 4   Loans
and Allowance for Loan Losses.  

Nonperforming assets were $479 thousand, or
0.11% of total assets, in the third quarter of 2016, down from $1.6 million, or 0.39% of total assets, at the end of 2015, and
down from $1.4 million, or 0.35% of total assets in the same period last year. Nonaccrual loans were $352 thousand in the third
quarter of 2016. There were two residential foreclosed properties in nonperforming assets at the end of the third quarter of 2016
compared with no foreclosed properties at the end of last year s third quarter. 

37   

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements  

In the normal course of business, we are a
party to financial instruments with off-balance-sheet risk to meet the financing needs of our customers and reduce risk exposure
to fluctuations in interest rates. These financial instruments include commitments to extend credit in the form of loans or through
letters of credit. The instruments involve, to varying degrees, elements of credit and interest rate risk in excess of the amounts
recognized in the financial statements. Since many of the commitments to extend credit and standby letters of credit are expected
to expire without being drawn upon, the contractual or notional amounts do not represent future cash requirements. 

The Corporation does not have any special purpose entities or off-balance
sheet financing arrangements. 

Capital Resources and Dividends  

The Corporation considers a solid capital foundation
as essential to continued strength and growth as well as return to our shareholders. Risk-based capital requirements and rules
became effective January 1, 2015, with some conditions that phase in through January 2019. These requirements and rules increase
the minimum capital ratios, add a new ratio (CET1), and designate a standardized approach for risk-weighting assets. 

As of September
30, 2016, the Corporation met the definition under Basel III of a small bank holding company and, therefore, was exempt
from the new consolidated risk-based and leverage capital adequacy guidelines for bank holding companies.   

Total risk-based
capital for the Corporation and the Bank are composed of CET1, additional Tier 1 capital, and Tier 2 capital. CET 1 capital includes
common stock plus related surplus and retained earnings less intangible assets. Additional Tier 1 capital is currently the same
as the CET1. Tier 2 capital consists of allowances for possible loan and lease losses, subject to limitations. The Tier 1 leverage
ratio is based on average assets. Our total risk-based capital ratio now stands at 14.21%, which is 42 percent in excess of the
regulatory standard for  well-capitalized . See Footnote 1, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies, Recent Market
and Regulatory Developments section, elsewhere in this report for further discussion on Basel III and capital requirements. The
Corporation s and the Bank s risk-based capital ratios as of September 30, 2016, are shown in the following table.

(1) Corporation meets the requirements
of the exemption as a small bank holding company. 

38   

In September 2016, the Corporation paid a quarterly
cash dividend of $0.11 per common share, a 10% increase compared with $0.10 per common share paid each quarter since the previous
increase in March 2015. The Board of Directors will continue to assess conditions for future dividend payments. 

Interest Rate Sensitivity  

The Corporation s most important element
of asset/liability management is the monitoring of its sensitivity and exposure to interest rate movements which is the Corporation s
primary market risk. We have no foreign currency exchange rate risk, commodity price risk, or any other material market risk. The
Corporation has no trading investment portfolio, nor do we have any interest rate swaps or other derivative instruments. 

Our primary source of earnings, net interest
income, can fluctuate with significant interest rate movements. To lessen the impact of these movements, we seek to maximize net
interest income while remaining within prudent ranges of risk by practicing sound interest rate sensitivity management. We attempt
to accomplish this objective by structuring the balance sheet so that the differences in repricing opportunities between assets
and liabilities are minimized. Interest rate sensitivity refers to the responsiveness of earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities
to changes in market interest rates. The Corporation s interest rate risk management is carried out by the Asset/Liability
Management Committee which operates under policies and guidelines established by the Bank s Board of Directors. The principal
objective of asset/liability management is to manage the levels of interest-sensitive assets and liabilities to minimize net interest
income fluctuations in times of fluctuating market interest rates. To effectively measure and manage interest rate risk, the Corporation
uses computer simulations that determine the impact on net interest income of numerous interest rate scenarios, balance sheet trends
and strategies. These simulations cover the following financial instruments: short-term financial instruments, investment securities,
loans, deposits, and borrowings. These simulations incorporate assumptions about balance sheet dynamics, such as loan and deposit
growth and pricing, changes in funding mix, and asset and liability repricing and maturity characteristics. Simulations are run
under various interest rate scenarios to determine the impact on net income and capital. From these computer simulations, interest
rate risk is quantified and appropriate strategies are developed and implemented. The Corporation also maintains an investment
portfolio which receives monthly cash flows from mortgage-backed securities principal payments, and staggered maturities and provides
flexibility over time in managing exposure to changes in interest rates. Any imbalances in the repricing opportunities at any point
in time constitute a financial institution s interest rate sensitivity. 

ITEM 3.  QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET
RISK   

Not applicable. 

ITEM 4.  CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES   

Disclosure Controls and Procedures  

The Corporation s management, including
the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, supervised and participated in an evaluation of the effectiveness of its
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in federal securities rules) as of the end of the period covered by this report.
Based on, and as of the date of, that evaluation, the Corporation s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have
concluded that the Corporation s disclosure controls and procedures were effective in accumulating and communicating information
to management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding
required disclosures of that information under the Securities and Exchange Commission s rules and forms and that the Corporation s
disclosure controls and procedures are designed to ensure that the information required to be disclosed in reports that are filed
or submitted by the Corporation under the Securities Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time
periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission s rules and forms. 

39   

Management s Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial
Reporting  

The Corporation s management is responsible
for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Management s assessment of the effectiveness
of the Corporation s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2015, was included in Item 8 of the form
10K , dated December 31, 2015, under the heading  Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting . 

The annual report form 10K, dated December
31, 2015, does not include an attestation report of the Corporation s registered public accounting firm regarding internal
control over financial reporting. Management s report was not subject to attestation by the Corporation s registered
public accounting firm pursuant to temporary rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission that permits the Corporation to provide
only management s report in the annual report. 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting  

No changes were made to the Corporation s
internal control over financial reporting during this quarter that materially affected or could reasonably likely to materially
affect the Corporation s internal controls over financial reporting. 

PART II. -  OTHER INFORMATION   

ITEM 6.  EXHIBITS   

Exhibit 31.1  
       Section 302 Certification of Periodic Financial Report by Chief Executive Officer.    

Exhibit 31.2  
       Section 302 Certification of Periodic Financial Report by Chief Financial Officer.    

Exhibit 32.1  
       Section 906 Certification of Periodic Financial Report by Chief Executive Officer.    

Exhibit 32.2  
       Section 906 Certification of Periodic Financial Report by Chief Financial Officer.    

Exhibit 101  
      Pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T, the following financial information from the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2016, is formatted in  XBRL interactive data files : (i) Consolidated Balance Sheets at September 30, 2016, and December 31, 2015; (ii) Consolidated Statements of Income for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, and 2015; (iii) Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, and 2015;  (iv) Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015; and (v) Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.   

* As provided in Rule 406T of Regulation S-T, this information
is furnished and not filed for purposes of Sections 11 and 12 of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 18 of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934. 

40   

SIGNATURES  

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

SOUTHWEST GEORGIA FINANCIAL CORPORATION   

/s/George R. Kirkland   

BY:     
      GEORGE R. KIRKLAND   

EXECUTIVE VICE PRESIDENT, CHIEF FINANCIAL    

OFFICER AND TREASURER   

Date: November 14, 2016 

41   

<EX-31.1>
 2
 exhibit311q316.htm
 SECTION 302 CERTIFICATION BY CEO

EXHIBIT 31.1 

I, DeWitt Drew, certify that: 

1. 
     I have reviewed this quarterly report on
    Form 10-Q of Southwest Georgia Financial Corporation;  

2. 
     Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;  

3. 
     Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Corporation as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;  

4. 
     The Corporation's other certifying officers and I have been responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the Corporation and have:  

a) 
     designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the Corporation, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; and  

b) 
     designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; and  

c) 
     evaluated and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and  

d) 
     disclosed in this report any change in the Corporation's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Corporation's most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Corporation's internal control over financial reporting;  

5. 
     The Corporation's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the Corporation's auditors and the audit committee of the Corporation's board of directors:  

a) 
     all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Corporation's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and  

b) 
     any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Corporation's internal control over financial reporting.  

Date: November 14, 2016 

/s/DeWitt Drew 

DeWitt Drew 

President and Chief Executive Officer 

Southwest Georgia Financial Corporation 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 exhibit312q316.htm
 SECTION 302 CERTIFICATION BY CFO

EXHIBIT 31.2 

I, George R. Kirkland, certify that: 

1. 
     I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Southwest Georgia Financial Corporation;  

2. 
     Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;  

3. 
     Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Corporation as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;  

4. 
     The Corporation's other certifying officers and I have been responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the Corporation and have:  

a) 
     designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the Corporation, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; and  

b) 
     designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; and  

c) 
     evaluated and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and  

d) 
     disclosed in this report any change in the Corporation's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Corporation's most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Corporation's internal control over financial reporting;  

5. 
     The Corporation's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the Corporation's auditors and the audit committee of the Corporation's board of directors:  

a) 
     all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Corporation's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and  

b) 
     any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Corporation's internal control over financial reporting.  

Date:  November 14, 2016 

/s/George R. Kirkland 

George R. Kirkland 

Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer  

Southwest Georgia Financial Corporation 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 exhibit321q316.htm
 SECTION 906 CERTIFICATION BY CEO

EXHIBIT 32.1 

Certification of Periodic Financial Report by 

 Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C.
Section 1350 

 as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002 

I, DeWitt Drew, President and Chief Executive Officer of Southwest
Georgia Financial Corporation certify that: 

(1) 
     The Corporation's Quarterly Report on
    Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended  September 30, 2016 (the  Report ) fully complies with the requirements
    of     section     13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and  

(2) 
     The information contained in the Report fairly present, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Corporation.  

By: 
     /s/DeWitt Drew 

DeWitt Drew 

President and Chief Executive Officer 

Southwest Georgia Financial Corporation 

November 14, 2016 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 exhibit322q316.htm
 SECTION 906 CERTIFICATION BY CFO

EXHIBIT 32.2 

Certification of Periodic Financial Report by 

 Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C.
Section 1350 

 as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002 

I, George R. Kirkland, Executive Vice President, Chief
Financial Officer and Treasurer of Southwest Georgia Financial Corporation certify that: 

(1) 
     The Corporation's Quarterly Report on
    Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September  30, 2016 (the  Report ) fully complies with the requirements
    of     section     13(a)     or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and  

(2) 
     The information contained in the Report fairly present, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Corporation.  

By: 
     /s/George R. Kirkland 

George R. Kirkland 

Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and 

Treasurer 

Southwest Georgia Financial Corporation 

November 14, 2016 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 7
 sgb-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE FILE

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 sgb-20160930.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 9
 sgb-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 sgb-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 sgb-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 sgb-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

