<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161114_10-Q_edgar_data_1579428_0001558370-16-010043_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>3589866</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>290071</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>140923</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1131480</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1142721</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>622428</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>12</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001558370-16-010043.hdr.sgml : 20161111
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161114160246
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001558370-16-010043
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		48
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161114
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161114

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Axsome Therapeutics, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001579428
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PHARMACEUTICAL PREPARATIONS [2834]
		IRS NUMBER:				454241907
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-37635
		FILM NUMBER:		161994696

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		25 BROADWAY, 9TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10004
		BUSINESS PHONE:		212-203-5072

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		25 BROADWAY, 9TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10004

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001558370-16-010043.txt : 20161114

10-Q
 1
 axsm-20160930x10q.htm
 10-Q

axsm_Current Folio_10Q

Table of Contents  

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 10-Q 

QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016 

OR 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from ________ to ________ 

Commission File Number  001-37635 

AXSOME THERAPEUTICS, INC. 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

Delaware  
					 
						 (State or other jurisdiction of  
					 
						 incorporation or organization)  

45-4241907  
					 
						 (I.R.S. Employer  
					 
						 Identification No.)  

25 Broadway  
					 
						 9  th   Floor  
					 
						 New York, New York  
					 
						 (Address of principal executive offices)  

10004  
					 
						 (Zip Code)  

Registrant s telephone number, including area code:  (212) 332-3241 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:  

Common Stock, Par Value $0.0001 Per Share  
					 
						 (Title of Class)  

NASDAQ Capital Market  
					 
						 (Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered)  

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 

None 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes          No     

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).    Yes          No     

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filed, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer or a smaller reporting company.  See definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer,  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).  (Check one): 

Large accelerated filer      

Accelerated filer      

Non-accelerated filer      

Smaller reporting company      

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).  Yes       No     

There were 19,153,417 shares of the registrant s common stock, $0.0001 par value, outstanding as of November 9, 2016. 

Table of Contents  

AXSOME THERAPEUTICS, INC. 

QUARTERLY REPORT ON FORM 10-Q 

FOR THE QUARTER ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2016 

TABLE   OF CONTENTS 

Page  

CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS    

3 

ITEM 1    

Financial Statements   

4 

ITEM 2    

Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations   

14 

ITEM 3    

Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosure About Market Risk   

21 

ITEM 4    

Controls and Procedures   

21 

ITEM 1    

Legal Proceedings   

23 

ITEM 1A    

Risk Factors   

23 

ITEM 2    

Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds   

76 

ITEM 6    

Exhibits   

76 

Signatures    

77 

2 

Table of Contents  

CAUTIONARY NOTE   

REGARDING FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS 

Certain matters discussed in this report, including matters discussed under the caption  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations,  may constitute forward-looking statements for purposes of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Act, and the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act, and involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause our actual results, performance or achievements to be materially different from the future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. The words  anticipate,   believe,   estimate,   may,   expect  and similar expressions are generally intended to identify forward-looking statements. Our actual results may differ materially from the results anticipated in these forward-looking statements due to a variety of factors, including, without limitation, those discussed under the captions  Risk Factors,   Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  and elsewhere in this report, as well as other factors which may be identified from time to time in our other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, or the SEC, or in the documents where such forward-looking statements appear. All written or oral forward-looking statements attributable to us are expressly qualified in their entirety by these cautionary statements. Such forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements about our:  

expectations for increases or decreases in expenses; 

expectations for the clinical and preclinical development, manufacturing, regulatory approval, and commercialization   of our   pharmaceutical product candidates or any other products that we may acquire or in-license; 

estimates of the sufficiency of our existing capital resources combined with future anticipated cash flows to finance our operating requirements; 

expectations for incurring capital expenditures to expand our research and development and manufacturing capabilities; 

expectations for generating revenue or becoming profitable on a sustained basis; 

expectations or ability to enter into marketing and other partnership agreements; 

expectations or ability to enter into product acquisition and in-licensing transactions; 

expectations or ability to build our own commercial infrastructure to manufacture, market and sell our product candidates; 

expected losses; 

ability to obtain and maintain intellectual property protection for our product candidates; 

acceptance of our products by doctors, patients, or payors; 

stock price and its volatility; 

ability to attract and retain key personnel; 

the performance of third-party manufacturers; 

expectations for future capital requirements; and 

our ability to successfully implement our strategy. 

The forward-looking statements contained in this report reflect our views and assumptions only as of the date that this report is signed. Except as required by law, we assume no responsibility for updating any forward-looking statements.  

We qualify all of our forward-looking statements by these cautionary statements. In addition, with respect to all of our forward-looking statements, we claim the protection of the safe harbor for forward-looking statements contained in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995.  

3 

Table of Contents  

PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION   

ITEM 1. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   

Axsome Therapeutics, Inc. 

Consolidated Balance Sheets   

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 

4 

Table of Contents  

Axsome Therapeutics, Inc. 

Consolidated Statements of Operations   

(Unaudited) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 

5 

Table of Contents  

Axsome Therapeutics, Inc. 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows   

(Unaudited) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 

6 

Table of Contents  

Axsome Therapeutics, Inc. 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited)   

Note 1. Nature of Business and Basis of Presentation 

Axsome Therapeutics, Inc. ( Axsome  or the  Company ) was incorporated on January 12, 2012 in the State of Delaware. The Company is a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company developing novel therapies for the management of central nervous system ( CNS ) disorders for which there are limited existing treatment options. Axsome s product candidate portfolio includes two late-stage candidates, AXS-02 and AXS-05. AXS-02 is currently in Phase 3 trials in complex regional pain syndrome ( CRPS ) and knee osteoarthritis ( OA ) associated with bone marrow lesions ( BMLs ) with an additional Phase 3 trial planned in chronic low back pain ( CLBP ) associated with Modic changes ( MCs ). AXS-05 is currently in a Phase 3 trial in treatment resistant depression ( TRD ), and a Phase 2/3 trial in agitation in patients with Alzheimer s disease ( AD ) is planned  . 

The accompanying unaudited interim consolidated financial statements have been prepared by the Company in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States ( U.S. GAAP ) for interim information and pursuant to the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission (the  SEC ) for reporting on Form 10-Q. Accordingly, certain information and footnote disclosure normally included in financial statements prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP have been condensed or omitted pursuant to such rules and regulations. These interim consolidated financial statements should be read in conjunction with the audited financial statements and related notes included in the Company s annual report on Form 10-K/A for the year ended December 31, 2015 filed with the SEC on August 9, 2016. 

In the opinion of management, the unaudited interim consolidated financial statements reflect all adjustments, which are normal recurring adjustments, necessary for the fair presentation of the financial information for the interim periods. The results of operations for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 are not necessarily indicative of the operating results for the full fiscal year or any future period. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

The Company has incurred operating losses since its inception, and expects to continue to incur operating losses for the foreseeable future and may never become profitable. As of September 30, 2016, the Company had an accumulated deficit of $40.3 million. 

The Company s primary sources of cash have been proceeds from its initial public offering and through private placements of its convertible notes. The Company has not yet commercialized any of its product candidates and cannot be sure if it will ever be able to do so. Even if the Company commercializes one or more of its product candidates, it may not become profitable. The Company s ability to achieve profitability depends on a number of factors, including its ability to obtain regulatory approval for its product candidates, successfully complete any post-approval regulatory obligations and successfully commercialize its product candidates alone or in partnership. The Company may continue to incur substantial operating losses even if it begins to generate revenues from its product candidates. 

As of September 30, 2016, the Company had $33.9 million in cash. The Company currently anticipates its cash, along with the net proceeds from its debt financing in November 2016 (see Note 8   Subsequent Event) to be sufficient to fund its anticipated operating cash requirements through the end of 2017. The actual amount of cash that the Company will need to operate is subject to many factors, including, but not limited to, the timing, design and conduct of clinical trials for its product candidates. The Company is dependent upon significant future financing to provide the cash necessary to execute its current operations, including the commercialization of any of its product candidates. 

The Company s common stock is listed on     the NASDAQ Capital Market     and trades under the symbol  AXSM . 

7 

Table of Contents  

Note 2. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 

Significant Risks and Uncertainties 

The Company s operations are subject to a number of factors that can affect its operating results and financial condition. Such factors include, but are not limited to: the results of clinical testing and trial activities of the Company s product candidates; the Company s ability to obtain regulatory approval to market its products, if approved; competition from products manufactured and sold or being developed by other companies; the price of, and demand for, Company products, if approved; the Company s ability to negotiate favorable licensing or other manufacturing and marketing agreements for its products, if approved; and the Company s ability to raise additional financing. If the Company does not successfully commercialize any of its product candidates, it will be unable to generate recurring product revenue or achieve and maintain profitability. 

Use of Estimates 

Management considers many factors in developing the estimates and assumptions that are used in the preparation of these financial statements. Management must apply significant judgment in this process. In addition, other factors may affect estimates, including expected business and operational changes, sensitivity and volatility associated with the assumptions used in developing estimates, and whether historical trends are expected to be representative of future trends. The estimation process often may yield a range of potentially reasonable estimates of the ultimate future outcomes and management must select an amount that falls within that range of reasonable estimates. This process may result in actual results differing materially from those estimated amounts used in the preparation of the financial statements if these results differ from historical experience, or other assumptions do not turn out to be substantially accurate, even if such assumptions are reasonable when made. In preparing these financial statements, management used significant estimates in the following areas, among others: stock based compensation expense; the determination of the fair value of the warrant and embedded derivative liabilities; the accounting for research and development costs; and the recoverability of the Company s net deferred tax assets and related valuation allowance. 

Fair Value of Financial Instruments 

Fair value is defined as the exchange price that would be received for an asset or paid to transfer a liability (an exit price) in the principal or most advantageous market for the asset or liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. Assets and liabilities that are measured at fair value are reported using a three level fair value hierarchy that prioritizes the inputs used to measure fair value. This hierarchy maximizes the use of observable inputs and minimizes the use of unobservable inputs. The three levels of inputs used to measure fair value are as follows: 

Level 1   Quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that the Company has the ability to access at the measurement date. 

Level 2   Inputs other than quoted prices in active markets that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly or indirectly. 

Level 3   Inputs that are unobservable for the asset or liability. 

To the extent that valuation is based on models or inputs that are less observable or unobservable in the market, the determination of fair value requires more judgment. Accordingly, the degree of judgment exercised by the Company in determining fair value is greatest for instruments categorized in Level 3. A financial instrument s level within the fair value hierarchy is based on the lowest level of any input that is significant to the fair value measurement. 

The carrying amounts reported in the accompanying consolidated financial statements for accounts payable and accrued expenses approximate their respective fair values due to their short term maturities.  

8 

Table of Contents  

Research and Development Costs 

Research and development expenses primarily consist of costs incurred in performing research and development activities, including preclinical studies, clinical trials, manufacturing costs, employee salaries and benefits, stock based compensation expense, contract services, including external research and development expenses incurred under arrangements with third parties, such as contract research organizations ( CROs ), facilities costs, overhead costs, depreciation, and other related costs. 

Generally, research and development costs are expensed as incurred. Nonrefundable advance payments for goods or services that will be used or rendered for future research and development activities are deferred and amortized over the   period   that the goods are delivered or the related services are performed, subject to an assessment of recoverability. The Company makes estimates of costs incurred in relation to external CROs and clinical site costs. The Company analyzes the progress of clinical trials, including levels of patient enrollment, invoices received and contracted costs when evaluating the adequacy of the amount expensed and the related prepaid asset and accrued liability. Significant judgments and estimates must be made and used in determining the accrued balance and expense in any accounting period. The Company reviews and accrues CRO expenses and clinical trial study expenses based on work performed and relies upon estimates of those costs applicable to the stage of completion of a study. Accrued CRO costs are subject to revisions as such trials progress to completion. Revisions are charged to expense in the period in which the facts that give rise to the revision become known. With respect to clinical site costs, the financial terms of these agreements are subject to negotiation and vary from contract to contract. Payments under these contracts may be uneven, and depend on factors such as the achievement of certain events, the successful recruitment of patients, the completion of portions of the clinical trial or similar conditions. The objective of our policy is to match the recording of expenses in our financial statements to the actual services received and efforts expended. As such, expense accruals related to clinical site costs are recognized based on our estimate of the degree of completion of the event or events specified in the specific clinical study or trial contract. 

Basic and Diluted Net Loss per Common Share 

Basic net loss per share of common stock is computed by dividing net loss by the weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding during the period. Diluted net loss per share of common stock includes the effect, if any, from the potential exercise or conversion of securities, such as convertible notes, warrants, and stock options, which would result in the issuance of incremental shares of common stock. As the impact of these items is anti dilutive during periods of net loss, there was no difference between basic and diluted net loss per share of common stock for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, and no difference between basic and diluted net loss per common stock for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements 

In March 2016, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ) issued Accounting Standards Update ( ASU ) 2016-09,   Compensation Stock Compensation (Topic 718): Improvements To Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting  , which allows for the simplification of several aspects of the accounting for share-based payment transactions. The standard is effective for interim and annual periods beginning after December 15, 2016. The Company is currently evaluating the effect that the updated standard will have on its financial statements and related disclosures. 

9 

Table of Contents  

Note 3. Fair Value Measurements 

There were no financial liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis as of September 30, 2016 or December 31, 2015. 

The following table sets forth a summary of changes in the fair value of Level 3 liabilities for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015. There were no Level 3 liabilities during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016. 

(1)    Prior to the close of the Company s IPO on November 24, 2015, the Company considered its convertible note related warrant liability as a Level 3 financial instrument. The Company determined the fair value of the liability immediately prior to the Company s IPO and then reclassified the balance to additional paid-in capital upon the closing of the IPO. 

(2)    Prior to the amendment of the Company s outstanding convertible notes in September 2015, the Company considered its convertible note related embedded derivative liabilities as Level 3 financial instruments.   The amendment was deemed to be a substantive change and resulted in extinguishment accounting, which included the extinguishment of the embedded derivative liabilities. 

(3)    The change in the fair values of the warrant and embedded derivative liabilities are recorded in the statements of operations.  

Note 4. Accrued Expenses 

At September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 accrued expenses consisted of the following: 

10 

Table of Contents  

Note 5. Net Loss per Common Share 

The following table sets forth the computation of basic and diluted net loss per common share: 

The following potentially dilutive securities outstanding at September 30, 2016 and 2015 have been excluded from the computation of diluted weighted average shares outstanding, as they would be anti dilutive: 

Note 6. Stockholders  Equity 

Capital Structure 

In November 2015, the Company completed its IPO, whereby it sold 5,666,667 shares of common stock at a public offering price of $9.00 per share. The Company received gross proceeds of approximately $51.0 million and net proceeds of approximately $45.5 million, after deducting underwriting discounts and commissions and offering-related transaction costs.  

Upon the close of the IPO, all of the Company s outstanding convertible notes, including accrued and unpaid interest, converted into 2,374,606 shares of common stock. 

In April 2015, the Company s board of directors and stockholders approved an increase of the Company s authorized shares of common stock to 22,033,500 shares. In connection with the close of the Company s IPO on November 24, 2015, the Company s stockholders approved an amended and restated certificate of incorporation increasing the number of authorized shares of common stock to 150,000,000 and the number of authorized shares of preferred stock to 10,000,000, par value $0.0001 per share.  

The holders of shares of common stock are entitled to one vote for each share of common stock held at all meetings of stockholders and written actions in lieu of meetings. The holders of shares of common stock are entitled to receive dividends, if and when declared by the board of directors. 

Equity Incentive Plans 

Shares available for the issuance of stock options or other stock-based awards under the Company s 2015 Omnibus Incentive Compensation Plan was 2,718,919 shares at September 30, 2016. 

11 

Table of Contents  

Stock Options 

The following table sets forth the stock option activity for the nine months ended September 30, 2016: 

The fair value of each stock option grant is estimated on the date of grant using the Black Scholes option pricing model. The Company periodically remeasures the fair value of stock based awards issued to non employees and records the expense over the requisite service period. The expected term of the Company s stock options has been determined utilizing the  simplified  method as described in the Securities and Exchange Commission s Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 107 relating to stock based compensation. The simplified method was chosen because the Company has limited historical option exercise experience due to its short operating history. The risk free interest rate is based on the U.S. Treasury yield in effect at the time of grant for a period approximately equal to the expected term of the award. Expected dividend yield is based on the fact that the Company has never paid cash dividends and does not expect to pay any cash dividends in the foreseeable future. Expected volatility is based on historical volatilities of similar entities within the Company s industry. 

The weighted average valuation date fair value of options granted was $5.14 and $2.64 per option for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. As of September 30, 2016, there was $4.7 million of total unrecognized compensation cost related to non vested stock options which is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of 3.1 years. These amounts do not include 6,169 options outstanding as of September 30, 2016, which are performance based and vest upon the achievement of certain corporate milestones. Stock based compensation will be measured and recorded if and when it is probable that the milestone will occur. 

Stock based compensation expense recognized for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 was as follows: 

12 

Table of Contents  

Performance Based Awards 

The Company issued no performance-based awards during the nine months ended September 30, 2016. During the nine months ended September 30, 2015, the Company issued 81,346 options with a weighted average exercise price of $6.47 to employees that vest upon the completion of certain corporate events. For awards granted to employees with performance conditions, no expense will be recognized, and no measurement date can occur, until the occurrence of the event is probable. For awards granted to non employees, the Company will recognize the lowest aggregate amount within the range of potential values as expense until the measurement date is established. For the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, the Company recognized $573,708 and $245,196, respectively, as expense related to performance based awards. 

Warrants 

As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the Company had outstanding warrants to purchase 272,468 shares of common stock, consisting of 230,409 warrants with an exercise price of $1.30 per share and 42,059 warrants with an exercise price of $5.94 per share. 

Note 7. Restatement of Previously Issued Financial Statements 

On August 9, 2016, the Company restated its audited financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2015 and its unaudited financial statements for the quarter ended March 31, 2016, to record a non-cash premium associated with its convertible notes, which converted in November 2015, to additional paid-in capital. The restatement had no impact on the Company s cash, total assets, total stockholders  equity, loss from operations, or total cash flows. 

Note 8. Subsequent Event 

In November 2016, the Company entered into a $20.0 million term loan agreement with Silicon Valley Bank ( SVB ). The three-tranche loan agreement consists of an initial $10.0 million tranche triggered upon closing, with the   remaining $10.0 million available to be drawn in two $5.0 million tranches, at the Company s option, subject to the achievement of certain clinical and financial milestones. The loan bears interest at an annual rate equal to 4.50% plus the prime rate, which is the greater of 3.50% or the Wall Street Journal prime rate. It matures in November 2020 and has an interest-only payment period of 12 months, which may be extended to 18 months upon the drawing of the second tranche. In connection with the loan agreement, the Company issued warrants, which have a 7-year term, to purchase shares of the Company s common stock at a price per share equal to approximately $7.41. The warrants will be exercisable for shares of common stock as follows: 65,228 upon the effective date of the loan agreement, 13,978 upon the drawing of the second tranche, and 13,976 upon the drawing of the third tranche. The Company intends to use the proceeds from the term loan agreement to support the ongoing development of its late-stage clinical pipeline. 

13 

Table of Contents  

ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS   OF OPERATIONS 

The following discussion and analysis contains forward-looking statements about our plans and expectations of what may happen in the future. Forward-looking statements are based on a number of assumptions and estimates that are inherently subject to significant risks and uncertainties, and our results could differ materially from the results anticipated by our forward-looking statements as a result of many known or unknown factors, including, but not limited to, those factors discussed in  Risk Factors.  See also the  Special Cautionary Notice Regarding Forward-Looking Statements  set forth at the beginning of this report. 

You should read the following discussion and analysis in conjunction with the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements, and the related footnotes thereto, appearing elsewhere in this report, and in conjunction with management s discussion and analysis and the audited consolidated financial statements included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K/A for the year ended December 31, 2015 which was filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 9, 2016  . 

Overview  

We are a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company developing novel therapies for the management of central nervous system, or CNS, disorders   for which there are limited existing treatment options. Our product candidate portfolio includes two late-stage candidates, AXS-02 and AXS-05. AXS-02 is currently in Phase 3 trials in complex regional pain syndrome, or CRPS, and knee osteoarthritis, or OA, associated with bone marrow lesions, or BMLs, with an additional Phase 3 trial planned in chronic low back pain, or CLBP, associated with Modic changes, or MCs. AXS-05 is currently in a Phase 3 trial in treatment resistant depression, or TRD, and a   Phase 2/3 trial in agitation in patients with Alzheimer s disease, or AD, is planned.  

Since our incorporation in January 2012, our operations to date have included organizing and staffing our company, business planning, raising capital, developing our compounds, and engaging in other discovery and preclinical activities. Prior to our initial public offering, or IPO, in November 2015, we financed our operations primarily through private placements of our convertible notes. In November 2015, we completed our IPO, in which we sold 5,666,667 shares of common stock at an offering price to the public of $9.00 per share. We   received gross proceeds of approximately $51.0 million and net proceeds of approximately $45.5 million, after deducting underwriting discounts and commissions and offering-related transaction costs. 

In March 2016, we enrolled the first patient in our STRIDE-1 (Symptom Treatment in Resistant Depression 1) study, a Phase 3 trial evaluating the efficacy and safety of AXS-05 for the treatment of TRD. 

Also in March 2016, we enrolled the first patient in our COAST-1 (Clinical Knee Osteoarthritis Symptom Treatment 1) study, a Phase 3 trial evaluating the efficacy and safety of AXS-02 for the treatment of the pain of knee OA associated with BMLs. 

In April 2016, we received, from the U.S. Food and Drug Administration, or the FDA, Pre-Investigational New Drug Application written guidance on our proposed clinical development plan for AXS-05 for the treatment of agitation in patients with AD. The feedback reflects guidance on our regulatory approach, including the design of a proposed Phase 2/3 trial.  

In May 2016, we received from the FDA, Fast Track designation for AXS-02 for the treatment of the pain of knee OA associated with BMLs.  

Our ability to become profitable depends on our ability to generate revenue. We do not expect to generate significant revenue unless and until we or our collaborators obtain marketing approval for and successfully commercialize one of our product candidates. 

14 

Table of Contents  

We have incurred significant operating and net losses since inception. We incurred net losses of $19.9 million and $8.8 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. Our accumulated deficit as of September 30, 2016 was $40.3 million, and we expect to incur significant expenses and increasing operating losses for the foreseeable future. We expect our expenses to increase in connection with our ongoing activities, as we continue the development and clinical trials of, and seek regulatory approval for, AXS 02, AXS 05, and any other product candidates that we develop or in license and advance to clinical development. If we obtain regulatory approval for a product candidate, we expect to incur significant expenses in order to create an infrastructure to support the commercialization of the product candidate, including manufacturing, sales, marketing, and distribution functions. Further, we expect to incur additional costs associated with operating as a public company. Accordingly, we will need additional financing to support our continuing operations. We will seek to fund our operations through public or private equity or debt financings or other sources. Adequate additional financing may not be available to us on acceptable terms, or at all. Our failure to raise capital as and when needed would have a negative impact on our financial condition and our ability to pursue our business strategy. We will need to generate significant revenue to achieve profitability, and we may never do so. 

Financial Overview 

Revenue 

We have not generated any revenue since we commenced operations and we do not expect to generate any revenue in the near future. To the extent we enter into licensing or collaboration arrangements, we may have sources of revenue in the future. We expect that any revenue we generate will fluctuate from quarter to quarter as a result of the amount and timing of payments that we may recognize upon the sale of our product candidates, to the extent that any product candidates are successfully commercialized, and the amount and timing of fees, reimbursements, and milestone and other payments received under any future licensing or collaboration arrangements. If we fail to complete the development of our product candidates in a timely manner or obtain regulatory approval for them, our ability to generate future revenue, and our results of operations and financial position, would be materially and adversely affected. 

Research and Development Expenses 

Research and development expenses primarily consist of costs incurred in performing research and development activities, including preclinical studies, clinical trials, manufacturing costs, employee salaries and benefits, stock based compensation expense; contract services, including external research and development expenses incurred under arrangements with third parties, such as contract research organizations, or CROs; facilities costs; overhead costs; depreciation; and other related costs. 

Research and development activities are central to our business model. We will incur substantial costs beyond our present and planned clinical trials in order to file a new drug application, or NDA, for any of our product candidates. It is difficult to determine with certainty the costs and duration of our current or future clinical trials and preclinical studies, or if, when, or to what extent we will generate revenue from the commercialization and sale of our product candidates if we obtain regulatory approval. We may never succeed in achieving regulatory approval. The duration, costs, and timing of clinical trials and development of our product candidates will depend on a variety of factors, including the uncertainties of future clinical trials and preclinical studies, uncertainties in clinical trial enrollment rate, and significant and changing government regulation. In addition, the probability of success for each product candidate will depend on numerous factors, including competition, manufacturing capability, and commercial viability. We will determine which programs to pursue and how much to fund each program in response to the scientific and clinical success of each product candidate, as well as an assessment of each product candidate s commercial potential. 

15 

Table of Contents  

The following table summarizes our research and development expenses by program for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015: 

Other research and development expenses primarily consist of employee salaries and benefits, facilities and overhead costs, and expenses for terminated programs. 

General and Administrative Expenses 

General and administrative expenses primarily consist of salaries and related costs for personnel in executive, finance, and operational functions, including stock based compensation and travel expenses. Other general and administrative expenses include facility related costs, insurance expense, and professional fees for legal and accounting services and patent filing and prosecution costs. General and administrative expenses are expensed when incurred. 

We anticipate that our general and administrative expenses will increase in future periods as a result of increased payroll, expanded infrastructure, and increased legal, compliance (such as maintaining compliance with NASDAQ listing and Securities and Exchange Commission, or SEC, requirements), accounting, and investor and public relations expenses associated with being a public company, among other factors. 

Interest and Other Income (Expense) 

Interest and other income (expense) consists of interest earned on our investments as well as cash and non cash interest costs related to our convertible debt. We record costs incurred in connection with the issuance of debt as a direct deduction from the debt liability. We amortize these costs over the term of our debt agreements as interest expense in our consolidated statement of operations.  

Critical Accounting Policies and Significant Judgments and Estimates 

Our discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations are based upon our consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles.  The preparation of these financial statements requires us to make significant estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, expenses and related disclosures.  On an ongoing basis, our actual results may differ significantly from our estimates. 

There have been no material changes to our critical accounting policies and estimates from the information provided in  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  included in our annual report on Form 10-K/A filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 9, 2016. 

16 

Table of Contents  

Results of Operations 

The following table summarizes our results of operations for the periods indicated: 

Comparison of the Three Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 

Research and Development Expenses.    Our research and development expenses for the three months ended September 30, 2016 were $5.6 million, compared to $1.5 million for the three months ended September 30, 2015, an increase of $4.1 million. The increase was primarily due to the conduct of  our Phase 3 clinical trials in complex regional pain syndrome (the CREATE-1 Study), treatment resistant depression (the STRIDE-1 Study), and knee OA associated with BMLs (the COAST-1 Study).   

General and Administrative Expenses.    Our general and administrative expenses for the three months ended September 30, 2016 were $1.6 million, compared to $0.5 million for three months ended September 30, 2015, an increase of $1.1 million. The increase was primarily due to external fees associated with operating as a public company, as well as an increase in personnel costs and stock compensation expense.   

Interest and Other Income (Expense).    Interest and other income (expense) for the three months ended September 30, 2016 was approximately $13,000 of income, compared to expense of $0.3 million for the three months ended September 30, 2015, an increase in income of approximately $0.3 million. In 2015, the expense was non-cash interest expense related to our then-outstanding convertible notes, of which no notes were outstanding in 2016. 

Change in Fair Value of Warrant Liability.    There was no warrant liability recorded for the three months ended September 30, 2016. We recorded approximately $32,000 of expense related to the change in fair value of our warrant liability for the three months ended September 30, 2015. 

Change in Fair Value of Embedded Derivative Liabilities.    There was no embedded derivative liability recorded for the three months ended September 30, 2016. We recorded income related to the change in fair value of our embedded derivative liabilities of $0.2 million for the three months ended September 30, 2015. 

Loss on Extinguishment of Debt.      During September 2015, we amended the conversion provision in our convertible notes issued from September 2014 through July 2015. The amendment was deemed to be a substantive change resulting in a $2.4 million loss on extinguishment of debt. No notes were outstanding in 2016 and no such adjustment occurred during the three months ended September 30, 2016. 

17 

Table of Contents  

Comparison of the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 

Research and Development Expenses.    Our research and development expenses for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 were $15.4 million, compared to $4.6 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015, an increase of $10.8 million. The increase was primarily due to the conduct of our CREATE-1, STRIDE-1, and COAST-1 studies, as well as an increase in personnel costs and stock compensation expense.   

General and Administrative Expenses.    Our general and administrative expenses for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 were $4.5 million, compared to $1.5 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015, an increase of $3.0 million. The increase was primarily due to external fees associated with operating as a public company, as well as an increase in personnel costs and stock compensation expense. 

Interest and Other Income (Expense).    Interest and other income (expense) for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was approximately $45,000 of income, compared to expense of $0.6 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015, an increase in income of approximately $0.7 million. In 2015, the expense was non-cash interest expense related to our then-outstanding convertible notes, of which no notes were outstanding in 2016. 

Change in Fair Value of Warrant Liability.    There was no warrant liability recorded for the nine months ended September 30, 2016. We recorded approximately $15,000 of expense related to the change in fair value of our warrant liability for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. 

Change in Fair Value of Embedded Derivative Liabilities.    There was no embedded derivative liability recorded for the nine months ended September 30, 2016. We recorded income related to the change in fair value of our embedded derivative liabilities of $0.3 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. 

Loss on Extinguishment of Debt.      During September 2015, we amended the conversion provision in our convertible notes issued from September 2014 through July 2015. The amendment was deemed to be a substantive change resulting in a $2.4 million loss on extinguishment of debt. No notes were outstanding in 2016 and no such adjustment occurred during the nine months ended September 30, 2016. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

In November 2015, we completed our IPO, in which we sold 5,666,667 shares of common stock at a public offering price of $9.00 per share. We   received gross proceeds of approximately $51.0 million and net proceeds of approximately $45.5 million, after deducting underwriting discounts and commissions and offering-related transaction costs. 

In November 2016, we entered into a $20.0 million term loan agreement with Silicon Valley Bank ( SVB ). The three-tranche loan agreement consists of an initial $10.0 million tranche triggered upon closing, with the   remaining $10.0 million available to be drawn in two $5.0 million tranches, at our option, subject to the achievement of certain clinical and financial milestones. The loan bears interest at an annual rate equal to 4.50% plus the prime rate, which is the greater of 3.50% or the Wall Street Journal prime rate. It matures in November 2020 and has an interest-only payment period of 12 months, which may be extended to 18 months upon the drawing of the second tranche. In connection with the loan agreement, we issued warrants, which have a 7-year term, to purchase shares of our common stock at a price per share equal to approximately $7.41. The warrants will be exercisable for shares of common stock as follows: 65,228 upon the effective date of the loan agreement, 13,978 upon the drawing of the second tranche, and 13,976 upon the drawing of the third tranche. We intend to use the proceeds from the term loan agreement to support the ongoing development of our late-stage clinical pipeline. 

18 

Table of Contents  

At September 30, 2016, we had cash of $33.9 million.   We currently anticipate our cash, along with the net proceeds from the debt financing in November 2016, to be sufficient to fund our anticipated operating cash requirements through the end of 2017.   Because the process of evaluating product candidates in clinical trials is costly and the timing of progress in these trials is uncertain, it is possible that the assumptions upon which we have based this estimate may prove to be wrong, and we could use our capital resources sooner than we currently expect. 

Cash Flows 

The following table summarizes our primary sources and uses of cash for the periods indicated: 

Operating Activities.    Net cash used in operating activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was $14.1 million as compared to $5.2 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The increase of $8.9 million in net cash used was   primarily related to an increase in expenditures for our clinical programs, including our CREATE-1, STRIDE-1, and COAST-1 studies, as well as an increase in general and administrative expenses related to operating as a public company.  

Investing Activities.    Cash used in investing activities for the purchase of property and equipment was $0.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016   and less than $0.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015.  

Financing Activities.    Cash provided by financing activities was approximately $15,000 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 related to proceeds from the exercise of options, as compared to $7.2 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015, which was related to the issuance of convertible notes.  

Funding requirements 

We have not achieved profitability since our inception and we expect to continue to incur significant losses for the foreseeable future. We expect our losses to increase as we continue the development of and seek regulatory approvals for our product candidates and begin to commercialize any approved products. We are subject to all of the risks pertinent to the development of new product candidates, and we may encounter unforeseen expenses, difficulties, complications, delays, and other unknown factors that may harm our business.  

We anticipate that we will need to raise substantial additional financing in the future to fund our operations. In order to meet these additional cash requirements, we may incur debt, license certain intellectual property, and seek to sell additional equity or convertible securities that may result in dilution to our stockholders. If we raise additional funds through the issuance of equity or convertible securities, these securities could have rights or preferences senior to those of our common stock and could contain covenants that restrict our operations. There can be no assurance that we will be able to obtain additional equity or debt financing on terms acceptable to us, if at all. Our future capital requirements will depend on many factors, including: 

the scope, rate of progress, results, and cost of our clinical studies and other related activities; 

our ability to enter into collaborative agreements for the development and commercialization of our product candidates; 

the number and development requirements of any other product candidates that we pursue; 

19 

Table of Contents  

the costs, timing, and outcome of regulatory reviews of our product candidates; 

the costs and timing of future commercialization activities, including product manufacturing, marketing, sales, and distribution, for any of our product candidates for which we receive marketing approval; 

any product liability or other lawsuits related to our product candidates; 

the expenses needed to attract and retain skilled personnel; 

the general and administrative expenses related to being a public company; 

the revenue, if any, received from commercial sales of our product candidates for which we receive marketing approval; and 

the costs involved in preparing, filing, and prosecuting patent applications, maintaining and enforcing our intellectual property rights, and defending our intellectual property related claims. 

Please see  Risk Factors  for additional risks associated with our substantial capital requirements. 

Contractual Obligations and Commitments 

Under three exclusive license agreements with Antecip Bioventures II LLC, or Antecip, an entity owned by our Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board, Herriot Tabuteau, M.D., we are obligated to make specified royalty payments ranging from 1.5% to 4.5%, subject to up to a 50% reduction depending on required payments to third parties, on net sales of licensed products. The amount, timing, and likelihood of such payments are not known.  

Off Balance Sheet Arrangements 

We did not have during the periods presented, and we do not currently have, any off balance sheet arrangements, as defined by applicable SEC regulations. 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements 

In March 2016, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ) issued Accounting Standards Update ( ASU ) 2016-09,   Compensation Stock Compensation (Topic 718): Improvements To Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting  , which allows for the simplification of several aspects of the accounting for share-based payment transactions. The standard is effective for interim and annual periods beginning after December 15, 2016. We are currently evaluating the effect that the updated standard will have on our financial statements and related disclosures. 

20 

Table of Contents  

ITEM 3. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURE ABOUT MARKET RISK   

Interest Rate Risk 

We are exposed to market risks in the ordinary course of our business. These market risks are principally limited to interest rate fluctuations. We had cash of $33.9 million and $48.0 million as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively. The primary objective of our investment activities is to preserve principal and liquidity while maximizing income without significantly increasing risk. We do not enter into investments for trading or speculative purposes. Due to the short term nature of our investment portfolio, we do not believe an immediate 10% increase in interest rates would have a material effect on the fair market value of our portfolio, and, accordingly, we do not expect our operating results or cash flows to be materially affected by a sudden change in market interest rates. 

Foreign Currency Exchange Risk 

We contract with vendors and third party manufacturers in several foreign countries. Several of these contracts are denominated in Euros, British pounds, and Australian dollars. We are therefore subject to fluctuations in foreign currency rates in connection with these agreements, and recognize foreign exchange gains or losses in our statement of operations. We have not historically hedged our foreign currency exchange rate risk. To date, we have not incurred any material effects from foreign currency changes on these contracts. 

We do not believe a 10% change in these currencies on September 30, 2016 would have had a material effect on our results of operations or financial condition. 

Inflation Risk 

Inflation generally affects us by increasing our cost of labor and pricing of contracts. We do not believe that inflation has had a material effect on our business, financial condition, or results of operations during the nine months ended September 30, 2016. 

ITEM 4.     CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES   

Disclosure Controls and Procedures.    Our management, with the participation of our principal executive officer and our principal financial officer, evaluated, as of the end of the period covered by this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures. The term  disclosure controls and procedures,  as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act, means controls and other procedures of a company that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by a company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission s, or SEC s, rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by a company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to the company s management, including its principal executive and principal financial officers, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving their objectives and management necessarily applies its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures. 

In July 2016, we identified a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2015. As described below, during the period covered by this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, we implemented changes to our internal controls related to the review of non-routine complex transactions. However, because the identified material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting will not be considered fully remediated until sufficient time has elapsed to provide evidence that the new controls are operating effectively, our principal executive officer and our principal financial officer have concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective at the reasonable assurance level as of the end of the period covered by this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 

21 

Table of Contents  

Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting.   As discussed in Item 9A in our Annual Report on Form 10-K/A for the year ended December 31, 2015, filed with the SEC on August 9, 2016, in July 2016, our management identified a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2015, which material weakness was unchanged as of March 31, 2016 as reported in our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q/A for the quarter ended March 31, 2016, filed with the SEC on August 9, 2016, and remained unchanged as of June 30, 2016 as reported in our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2016, filed with the SEC on August 9, 2016. During the period covered by this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, we took the following steps to remediate the identified material weakness: we engaged an additional third party financial service provider and had greater engagement with our external auditors to assist in the evaluation of non-routine complex transactions. The identified material weakness in internal control over financial reporting will not be considered fully remediated until sufficient time has elapsed to provide evidence that the new controls are operating effectively. Other than the remediation steps described above, no change in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(d) and 15d-15(d) under the Exchange Act) occurred during the period covered by this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

22 

Table of Contents  

PART II. OTHER INFORMATION   

ITEM 1. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS.   

We, and our subsidiaries, are not a party to, and our property is not the subject of, any material pending legal proceedings; however, we may become involved in various claims and legal actions arising in the ordinary course of business. 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS.   

Investing in our common stock involves a high degree of risk.  You should carefully consider the risk factors set forth below as well as the other information contained in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and in our other public filings in evaluating our business. Any of the following risks could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. The risks described below are not the only risks facing us. Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently view to be immaterial may also materially adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. In these circumstances, the market price of our common stock would likely decline. 

RISKS RELATED TO OUR FINANCIAL CONDITION AND CAPITAL REQUIREMENTS 

We have incurred significant losses since our inception, anticipate that we will incur substantial and increasing losses for the foreseeable future, and may never achieve or maintain profitability. 

We are a clinical stage biopharmaceutical company with a limited operating history. For the last several years, we have focused our efforts primarily on developing AXS 02 and AXS 05, with the goal of achieving regulatory approval. Since inception, we have incurred significant operating losses. Our net losses were $19.9 million and $12.2 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and the year ended December 31, 2015, respectively. As of September 30, 2016, we had an accumulated deficit of $40.3 million. To date, we have not received regulatory approvals for any of our product candidates or generated any revenue from the sale of products, and we do not expect to generate any revenue in the foreseeable future. We expect to continue to incur substantial and increasing expenses and operating losses over the next several years, as we continue to develop AXS 02, AXS 05, and our other current and future product candidates. In addition, we expect to incur significant sales, marketing, and manufacturing expenses related to the commercialization of AXS 02, AXS 05, and our other current and future product candidates, if they are approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration, or FDA. As a result, we expect to continue to incur significant losses for the foreseeable future. We anticipate that our expenses will increase substantially as we: 

conduct our Phase 3 clinical trial with AXS 02 for the treatment of pain associated with complex regional pain syndrome, or CRPS; 

conduct our Phase 3 clinical trial with AXS 02 for the treatment of pain associated with knee osteoarthritis, or OA, associated with bone marrow lesions, or BMLs; 

conduct our Phase 3 clinical trial with AXS 05 for the treatment of treatment resistant depression, or TRD; 

initiate and enroll patients in our Phase 3 clinical trials in other indications for AXS 02 and for AXS 05; 

in license or acquire additional product candidates; 

conduct late stage clinical trials for any product candidates that successfully complete early stage clinical trials; 

seek regulatory approval for any product candidates that successfully complete late stage clinical trials; 

conduct additional non clinical studies with any product candidates; 

23 

Table of Contents  

conduct preclinical studies with AXS 06 or any additional product candidates; 

increase manufacturing batch sizes of AXS 02 and AXS-05 to satisfy FDA requirements for a marketing application submission; 

establish a sales, marketing, and distribution infrastructure, and scale up external manufacturing capabilities to commercialize any products for which we may obtain regulatory approval and that we choose not to license to a third party; 

require larger quantities of product; 

maintain, expand, and protect our intellectual property portfolio; 

hire additional clinical, quality control, and scientific personnel; and 

add operational, financial, and management information systems and personnel, including personnel to support our product candidate development and planned future commercialization efforts. 

To become and remain profitable, we must succeed in developing and eventually commercializing products that generate significant revenue. We do not expect to generate significant revenue unless and until we are able to obtain marketing approval for and successfully commercialize one or more of our product candidates. This will require us to be successful in a range of challenging activities, including completing preclinical testing and clinical trials of our product candidates, discovering additional product candidates, potentially entering into collaboration and license agreements, obtaining regulatory approval for product candidates and manufacturing, marketing, and selling any products for which we may obtain regulatory approval, achieving market acceptance of our products, satisfying any post marketing requirements, maintaining appropriate distribution, setting prices, and obtaining reimbursement for our products from private insurance or government payors. We are only in the preliminary stages of some of these activities. We may never succeed in these activities and, even if we do, may never achieve profitability. 

Because of the numerous risks and uncertainties associated with pharmaceutical product development, we are unable to accurately predict the timing or amount of increased expenses we may incur or when, or if, we will be able to achieve profitability. If we are required by the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities to perform studies in addition to those currently expected, or if there are any delays in completing our clinical trials or the development of any of our product candidates, our expenses could increase. 

Even if we do achieve profitability, we may not be able to sustain or increase profitability on a quarterly or annual basis. Our failure to become and remain profitable would depress the value of our company and could impair our ability to raise capital, expand our business, maintain our research and development efforts, diversify our product offerings, or even continue our operations. A decline in the value of our company could also cause you to lose all or part of your investment. 

We will need additional funding to conduct our future clinical trials and to complete development and commercialization of our product candidates. If we are unable to raise capital when needed, we would be forced to delay, reduce, or eliminate our product development programs or commercialization efforts. 

Conducting clinical trials, pursuing regulatory approvals, establishing outsourced manufacturing relationships, and successfully manufacturing and commercializing our product candidates, including AXS 02 and AXS 05, is, and will be, a very time consuming, expensive, and uncertain process that takes years to complete. We will need to raise additional capital to: 

fund our future clinical trials for our current product candidates, especially if we encounter any unforeseen delays or difficulties in our planned development activities; 

24 

Table of Contents  

fund our operations and continue our efforts to hire additional personnel and build a commercial infrastructure to prepare for the commercialization of AXS 02, AXS 05, and our other current and future product candidates, if approved by the FDA or other comparable foreign regulatory authorities; 

qualify and outsource the commercial scale manufacturing of our products under current good manufacturing practices, or cGMP; 

develop additional product candidates, including AXS 06; and 

in license other product candidates. 

We believe that with our available cash as of September 30, 2016, along with the net proceeds from the debt financing in November 2016, we will have sufficient funds to meet our   anticipated operating cash requirements through the end of 2017.   We have based this estimate on assumptions that may prove to be wrong and we could spend our available financial resources faster than we currently expect. Further, we may not have sufficient financial resources to meet all of our objectives if AXS 02 or AXS 05 is approved, which could require us to postpone, scale back, or eliminate some, or all, of these objectives, including our potential launch activities relating to AXS 02 and AXS 05. Our future funding requirements will depend on many factors, including, but not limited to: 

the rate of progress and costs related to our Phase 3 development of AXS 02 and AXS 05; 

the costs associated with conducting additional non clinical studies with any of our product candidates; 

the potential for delays in our efforts to seek regulatory approval for AXS 02 and AXS 05, and any costs associated with such delays; 

the costs of establishing a commercial organization to sell, market, and distribute AXS 02 and AXS 05; 

the rate of progress and costs of our efforts to prepare for the submission of a new drug application, or NDA, for any product candidates that we may in license or acquire in the future, and the potential that we may need to conduct additional clinical or preclinical trials to support applications for regulatory approval; 

the costs of filing, prosecuting, defending, and enforcing any patent claims and other intellectual property rights associated with our product candidates; 

the cost and timing of manufacturing sufficient supplies of AXS 02 and AXS 05 in preparation for commercialization; 

the effect of competing technological and market developments; 

revenue, if any, received from commercial sales of our product candidates, subject to the receipt of regulatory approval; 

the terms and timing of any collaborative, licensing, co promotion, or other arrangements that we may establish; and 

the success of the commercialization of AXS 02, AXS 05, and any other of our current or future product candidates. 

Future capital requirements will also depend on the extent to which we acquire or invest in additional businesses, products, and technologies. Until we can generate a sufficient amount of product revenue, if ever, we expect to finance future cash needs through public or private equity offerings, debt financings, royalties, and corporate collaboration and licensing arrangements, as well as through interest income earned on cash and investment balances.   

25 

Table of Contents  

We cannot be certain that additional funding will be available on acceptable terms, or at all. If adequate funds are not available, we may be required to delay, reduce the scope of, or eliminate one or more of our development programs or our commercialization efforts. 

We have a limited operating history and no history of commercializing products, which may make it difficult to evaluate our business and prospects. 

We commenced operations in 2012, and our operations to date have been limited to organizing and staffing our company, business planning, raising capital, and developing our product candidates, including undertaking preclinical studies and conducting clinical trials of our lead product candidates, AXS 02 and AXS 05, and our other product candidates. We have not yet demonstrated an ability to obtain regulatory approval for, or successfully commercialize, a product candidate. In addition, as a relatively nascent business, we may encounter unforeseen expenses, difficulties, complications, delays, and other known and unknown difficulties. If our product candidates are approved by the FDA, we will need to expand our capabilities to support commercial activities. We may not be successful in adding such capabilities. Consequently, any predictions about our future performance may not be as accurate as they could be if we had a history of successfully developing and commercializing pharmaceutical products. 

RISKS RELATED TO OUR BUSINESS AND THE DEVELOPMENT OF OUR PRODUCT CANDIDATES 

We are substantially dependent on the success of our lead product candidates, AXS 02 and AXS 05, and cannot guarantee that these product candidates will successfully complete our planned and ongoing Phase 3 clinical trials, receive regulatory approval, or be successfully commercialized. 

We currently have no products approved for commercial distribution. We have invested a significant portion of our efforts and financial resources in the development of our most advanced product candidates, AXS 02 and AXS 05. Our business depends entirely on the successful development and commercialization of our product candidates, and in particular, AXS 02 and AXS 05, which may never occur. Our ability to generate revenues in the near term is substantially dependent on our ability to develop, obtain regulatory approval for, and then successfully commercialize AXS 02 and AXS 05. We currently generate no revenues from sales of any products, and we may never be able to develop or commercialize a marketable product. 

Our lead product candidates, AXS 02 and AXS 05, will require additional clinical and non clinical development, regulatory approval, commercial manufacturing arrangements, establishment of a commercial organization, significant marketing efforts, and further investment before we generate any revenues from product sales. We initiated our Phase 3 clinical trial with AXS 02 for the treatment of the pain of knee OA associated with BMLs in March 2016 and for the treatment of pain in patients with CRPS in July 2015. Further, we initiated our Phase 3 clinical trial with AXS 05 for the treatment of TRD in March 2016. As a result of one or more risks discussed in this section, we cannot assure you that we will meet projected timelines related to these trials. Two of our Phase 1 trials with AXS 05 were conducted with two tablets, one tablet consisting of dextromethorphan, or DM, and one tablet consisting of bupropion. Our third Phase 1 trial with AXS-05 was conducted with one tablet containing both DM and bupropion. We are also conducting our Phase 3 clinical trial using one tablet containing both DM and bupropion. This change in formulation may result in a pharmacokinetic profile that is different from those observed in our completed Phase 1 trials. As a result, the FDA may request additional clinical trials, analyses, reports, data, or preclinical trials and attendant costs and delays. 

26 

Table of Contents  

We are not permitted to market or promote any of our product candidates, including AXS 02 or AXS 05, before we receive regulatory approval from the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities, and we may never receive such regulatory approval for any of our product candidates. Even if AXS 02 or AXS 05 is approved, they may be subject to limitations on the indicated uses for which they may be marketed, distribution restrictions, or to other conditions of approval, may contain significant safety warnings, including boxed warnings, contraindications, and precautions, may not be approved with label statements necessary or desirable for successful commercialization, or may contain requirements for costly post market testing and surveillance, or other requirements, including the submission of a risk evaluation and mitigation strategy, or REMS, to monitor the safety or efficacy of the products. If we do not receive regulatory approval for, and successfully commercialize, AXS 02 or AXS 05, we will not be able to generate revenue from these product candidates in the foreseeable future, or at all. Any significant delays in obtaining approval for and commercializing AXS 02 or AXS 05 will have a material adverse impact on our business and financial condition. 

We have not previously submitted an NDA to the FDA, or similar drug approval filings to comparable foreign authorities, for any product candidate, and we cannot be certain that AXS 02, AXS 05, or any other of our current or future product candidates will be successful in clinical trials or receive regulatory approval. In addition, AXS 02 has only completed one Phase 1 clinical trial. We also have not yet submitted an investigational new drug application, or IND, for our planned clinical trial protocol for AXS 02 for the treatment of chronic low back pain, or CLBP, with Modic changes, or MCs or for AXS-05 for agitation in patients with Alzheimer s disease, or AD. Furthermore, our product candidate AXS 06 is only in the early stages of product development and additional preclinical work is required before we may submit an IND and begin clinical trials. 

Our product candidates are susceptible to the risks of failure inherent at any stage of product development, including the appearance of unexpected adverse events or failure to achieve its primary endpoints in subsequent clinical trials, including our initiated and planned Phase 3 clinical trials. Further, our product candidates, including AXS 02 and AXS 05, may not receive regulatory approval even if they are successful in clinical trials. 

If approved for marketing by applicable regulatory authorities, our ability to generate revenues from AXS 02 or AXS 05 will depend on our ability to: 

create market demand for AXS 02 and AXS 05 through our own marketing and sales activities, and any other arrangements to promote these product candidates that we may otherwise establish; 

receive regulatory approval for claims that are necessary or desirable for successful marketing; 

hire, train, and deploy a sales force to commercialize AXS 02 and AXS 05 in the United States; 

manufacture AXS 02 and AXS 05 in sufficient quantities and at acceptable quality and manufacturing cost to meet commercial demand at launch and thereafter; 

establish and maintain agreements with wholesalers, distributors, and group purchasing organizations on commercially reasonable terms; 

create partnerships with, or offer licenses to, third parties to promote and sell AXS-02 and AXS-05 in foreign markets where we receive marketing approval; 

maintain patent and trade secret protection and regulatory exclusivity for AXS 02 and AXS 05; 

launch commercial sales of AXS 02 and AXS 05, whether alone or in collaboration with others; 

achieve market acceptance of AXS 02 and AXS 05 by patients, the medical community, and third party payors; 

achieve appropriate reimbursement for AXS 02 and AXS 05; 

27 

Table of Contents  

effectively compete with other therapies; and 

maintain a continued acceptable safety profile of AXS 02 and AXS 05 following launch. 

As we continue to develop our other product candidates, including AXS 06, we expect to face similar risks related to our ability to develop, obtain regulatory approval for, and successfully commercialize such product candidates as we face with AXS 02 and AXS 05. 

Potential conflicts of interest exist with respect to the intellectual property rights that we license from an entity owned by our Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board, and it is possible that our interests and their interests may diverge. 

In 2012, we entered into three exclusive license agreements with Antecip Bioventures II LLC, or Antecip, an entity owned by our Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board, Herriot Tabuteau, M.D., in which we were granted exclusive licenses to develop, manufacture, and commercialize Antecip s patents and applications related to the development of our current product candidates. Although Dr. Tabuteau dedicates all of his working time to us because Antecip is an inactive intellectual property holding company, he may face potential conflicts of interest regarding these licensing transactions as a result of his ownership of Antecip. The license agreements provide that, subject to the reasonable consent of Antecip, we have the right to control the prosecution or defense, as the case may require, of a patent infringement claim involving the licensed intellectual property. Our interests with respect to pleadings and settlements in such cases may be at odds with those of Antecip. If there is a dispute between us and Antecip, Dr. Tabuteau will have a conflict of interest because he may, at the time of a prospective dispute, simultaneously have a financial interest in and owe a fiduciary duty to Antecip and simultaneously have a financial interest in and owe a fiduciary duty to us. For example, if a contractual dispute arises between us and Antecip under any of the license agreements we have with Antecip, Dr. Tabuteau may be in a position where he would benefit if Antecip prevails, to the detriment of our business or our investors, even though he is an officer and director of our company, because he is the sole owner of Antecip. Similarly, if we have a claim of any kind against Antecip, Dr. Tabuteau may be, even as our Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board, reluctant to assert a claim by us against Antecip because of his financial interest in Antecip. We cannot assure you that any conflicts will be resolved in our favor, and as a result, our business could be impeded or materially harmed. 

We may expend our limited resources to pursue a particular product candidate or indication and fail to capitalize on product candidates or indications that may be more profitable or for which there is a greater likelihood of success. 

Because we have limited financial and managerial resources, we focus on developing product candidates for specific indications that we identify as most likely to succeed, in terms of both its regulatory approval and commercialization. As such, we are currently primarily focused on the development of AXS 02 for the treatment of pain associated with CRPS and knee OA associated with BMLs, and AXS 05 for the treatment of TRD. As a result, we may forego or delay pursuit of opportunities with other product candidates or for other indications that may prove to have greater commercial potential. Additionally, we are required to pay to an entity owned by our Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board certain royalty payments related to the development of AXS 02 and AXS 05, as well as AXS 04, a product candidate that is currently in early stage development, but not with respect to the development of other product candidates, which may influence management s decision concerning which product candidates or indications to pursue. Our resource allocation decisions may cause us to fail to capitalize on viable commercial products or profitable market opportunities. Our spending on current and future research and development programs and product candidates for specific indications may not yield any commercially viable products. If we do not accurately evaluate the commercial potential or target market for a particular product candidate, we may relinquish valuable rights to that product candidate through collaboration, licensing, or other royalty arrangements in cases in which it would have been more advantageous for us to retain sole development and commercialization rights to such product candidate. 

28 

Table of Contents  

Our future growth may depend on our ability to identify and develop product candidates and if we do not successfully identify and develop product candidates or integrate them into our operations, we may have limited growth opportunities. 

A component of our business strategy is to continue to develop a pipeline of product candidates by developing products that we believe are a strategic fit with our focus on central nervous system, or CNS, therapeutics. However, these business activities may entail numerous operational and financial risks, including: 

difficulty or inability to secure financing to fund business activities for such development; 

disruption of our business and diversion of our management s time and attention; 

higher than expected development costs; 

exposure to unknown liabilities; 

difficulty in managing multiple product development programs; and 

inability to successfully develop new products or clinical failure. 

For instance, our prior efforts have resulted in our decision not to further develop certain product candidates that, at one time, appeared to be promising. We have limited resources to identify and execute the developments of products. Moreover, we may devote resources to potential development that are never completed, or we may fail to realize the anticipated benefits of such efforts. If we do not successfully develop and commercialize product candidates, we may not be able to obtain product revenues in future periods. 

If safety and efficacy data for our product candidates, a reference listed drug, or published literature does not satisfactorily demonstrate safety and efficacy to the FDA, or if the FDA and other regulators do not permit us to rely on the data of a reference listed drug or published literature, we may incur additional costs or experience delays in completing, or ultimately be unable to complete, the development and commercialization of our product candidates. 

We are not permitted to commercialize, market, promote, or sell any product candidate in the United States without obtaining marketing approval from the FDA. Comparable foreign regulatory authorities, such as the European Medicines Agency, or EMA, impose similar restrictions. 

In the United States, we currently plan to at least initially seek approval of our product candidates using the 505(b)(2) pathway. The FDA interprets Section 505(b)(2) of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act, or FDCA, for purposes of approving an NDA, to permit the applicant to rely, in part, upon published literature or the FDA s previous findings of safety and efficacy for an approved product. The FDA, though, requires companies to perform additional clinical trials or preclinical studies to support any deviation from the previously approved product and to support reliance on the FDA s prior findings of safety and efficacy or published literature. 

Under the 505(b)(2) pathway, the FDA may approve our product candidates for all or some of the label indications for which the referenced product has been approved, as well as for any new indication sought pursuant to the Section 505(b)(2) process. The label, however, may require all or some of the limitations, contraindications, warnings, or precautions included in the reference product s label, including a black box warning, or may require additional limitations, contraindications, warnings, or precautions, including class wide warnings. For instance, antidepressants, including bupropion, include a class wide black box warning regarding the increased risk of suicidal thoughts and behavior. 

29 

Table of Contents  

Based on the side effects disclosed in FDA product labels for marketed drugs that contain the same active molecule as our product candidate, AXS 02 may result in nausea, fatigue, anemia, bone pain, constipation, fever, vomiting, dyspnea, hypersensitivity reactions, osteonecrosis of the jaw, renal toxicity, musculoskeletal pain, atypical fractures, hypocalcemia, bronchoconstriction, or other adverse events or potential adverse events reported or discussed in the product labels for zoledronic acid containing products including Zometa, Reclast, and Aclasta. 

Based on the side effects disclosed in FDA product labels for marketed drugs that contain the same active molecules as our product candidate, AXS 05 may result in dry mouth, nausea, insomnia, dizziness, pharyngitis, abdominal pain, agitation, anxiety, tremor, seizure, increase in blood pressure and heart rate, hepatoxicity, hypoglycemia, thrombocytopenia or other hypersensitivity reactions, QT prolongation, left ventricular hypertrophy or left ventricular dysfunction, palpitation, sweating, tinnitus, myalgia, anorexia, urinary frequency, rash, seizure, hypertension, activation of mania or hypomania, psychosis and other neuropsychiatric reactions, suicidal ideation, suicide attempt, completed suicide, angle closure glaucoma, allergic or anaphylactoid or anaphylactic reactions, diarrhea, cough, vomiting, asthenia, peripheral edema, urinary tract infection, influenza, increased gamma glutamyltransferase, flatulence, or other adverse events or potential adverse events reported or discussed in the product labels for bupropion containing products or dextromethorphan containing products including Wellbutrin, Wellbutrin SR, Wellbutrin XL, Zyban, Contrave, and Nuedexta. 

In addition, because we plan to file our product candidates under an NDA submitted pursuant to 505(b)(2), we will rely, at least in part, upon a reference listed drug and published literature. For example, we intend to rely on data collected in certain investigator initiated Phase 2 clinical trials and other third party studies in the published literature as well as FDA findings of safety and efficacy for approved drug products containing the same active molecules in AXS 02 and AXS 05. If the FDA disagrees with our conclusions regarding the appropriateness of our reliance on a reference listed drug or published literature, we could be required to conduct additional clinical trials or other studies to support our NDA, which could lead to unanticipated costs and delays or to the termination of our development program. If we are unable to obtain approval for our pharmaceutical formulations through the 505(b)(2) NDA process, we may be required to pursue the more expensive and time consuming 505(b)(1) approval process, which consists of full reports of investigations of safety and effectiveness conducted by or for the applicant. In addition, because we plan to submit NDAs for AXS 02 and AXS 05 pursuant to the 505(b)(2) process, we have not conducted Phase 2 clinical trials for these product candidates and, as such, we will have less experience with actual testing of the product candidate. 

There may also be circumstances under which the FDA would not allow us to pursue a 505(b)(2) application. For instance, should the FDA approve a pharmaceutically equivalent product to our product candidates, we would no longer be able to use the 505(b)(2) pathway. In that case, it is the FDA s policy that the appropriate submission would be an Abbreviated New Drug Application, or ANDA, for a generic version of the approved product. We may, however, not be able to immediately submit an ANDA or have an ANDA approval made effective, as we could be blocked by others  periods of patent and regulatory exclusivity protection. 

Notwithstanding the approval of a number of products by the FDA under 505(b)(2) over the last few years, pharmaceutical companies and others have objected to the FDA s interpretation of Section 505(b)(2). If the FDA s interpretation of Section 505(b)(2) is successfully challenged, the FDA may change its policies and practices with respect to Section 505(b)(2) regulatory approvals, which could delay or even prevent the FDA from approving any NDA that we submit pursuant to the 505(b)(2) process. Moreover, our inability to pursue a 505(b)(2) application could result in new competitive products reaching the market more quickly than our product candidates, which could hurt our competitive position and our business prospects. 

We may never receive approval for any of our product candidates, and even if our product candidates are approved under 505(b)(2), the approval may be subject to limitations on the indicated uses for which the products may be marketed, distribution restrictions, or to other conditions of approval; may contain significant safety warnings, including boxed warnings, contraindications, and precautions; may not be approved with label statements necessary or desirable for successful commercialization; or may contain requirements for costly post market testing and surveillance or other requirements, including REMS, to monitor the safety or efficacy of the products. Moreover, any future actions or inquiries by the FDA with respect to the reference listed drug may require that we make changes to our labeling or, possibly, withdraw the product from the market. 

30 

Table of Contents  

An NDA submitted under Section 505(b)(2) subjects us to the risk that we may be subject to a patent infringement lawsuit or regulatory actions that would delay or prevent the review or approval of our product candidate. 

Applicants submitting NDAs under Section 505(b)(2) of the FDCA must provide a patent certification with the application for all reference listed drugs and for all brand name products identified in published literature upon which the 505(b)(2) applicant relies. One such certification is known as a paragraph IV certification, which certifies that any patents listed in the FDA s publication, the   Approved Drug Products with Therapeutic Equivalence Evaluations  , commonly known as the Orange Book, are invalid, unenforceable, or will not be infringed by the manufacture, use, or sale of the product that is the subject of the 505(b)(2) NDA. 

Under the Hatch Waxman Act, the holder of patents or NDAs that the 505(b)(2) application references may file a patent infringement lawsuit after receiving notice of the paragraph IV certification. Filing of a patent infringement lawsuit against the filer of the 505(b)(2) applicant within 45 days of the patent or NDA owner s receipt of notice triggers a one time, automatic, 30 month stay of the FDA s ability to make the 505(b)(2) NDA approval effective. In such a case, the FDA may not make the 505(b)(2) NDA approval effective until the earlier of 30 months from the receipt of the notice of the paragraph IV certification, the expiration of the patent, when the infringement case concerning each such patent was favorably decided in the applicant s favor or settled, or such shorter or longer period as may be ordered by a court. Accordingly, we may invest a significant amount of time and expense in the development of one or more product candidates only to be subject to significant delay and patent litigation before such product candidates may be commercialized, if at all. In addition, a 505(b)(2) application approval will not be made effective until any existing non patent exclusivity, such as exclusivity for obtaining approval of a new chemical entity, or NCE, or exclusivities for changes to NCEs listed in the Orange Book for the referenced product have expired or, if possible, are carved out from the label. 

Companies that produce branded reference listed drugs routinely bring litigation against applicants that seek regulatory approval to manufacture and market generic and reformulated forms of their branded products. These companies often allege patent infringement or other violations of intellectual property rights as the basis for filing suit. Likewise, patent holders may bring patent infringement suits against companies that are currently marketing and selling their approved generic or reformulated products. Litigation to enforce or defend intellectual property rights is often complex and often involves significant expense and can delay or prevent introduction or sale of our product candidates. If patents are held to be valid and infringed by our product candidates in a particular jurisdiction, we may be required to cease selling, relinquish or destroy existing stock, or pay monetary damages in that jurisdiction unless we can obtain a license from the patent holder. There may also be situations where we use our business judgment and decide to market and sell our approved products, notwithstanding the fact that allegations of patent infringement(s) have not been finally resolved by the courts, which is known as an  at risk launch.  The risk involved in doing so can be substantial because the remedies available to the owner of a patent for infringement may include, among other things, damages measured by the profits lost by the patent owner which may be greater than the profits earned by the infringer. In the case of willful infringement, such damages may be increased up to three times. An adverse decision in patent litigation could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial position, and results of operations and could cause the market value of our common stock to decline. While, at this time, we believe that we will not need to file a paragraph IV certification for AXS 02 or AXS 05, should circumstances change, should the FDA disagree or should we be required to file a paragraph IV certification in the future for other product candidates, we may risk patent litigation and substantial delays. 

31 

Table of Contents  

The regulatory approval processes of the FDA and comparable foreign authorities are lengthy, time consuming, and inherently unpredictable. If we are not able to obtain, or if there are delays in obtaining, required regulatory approvals, we will not be able to commercialize our product candidates as expected, and our ability to generate revenue will be materially impaired. 

The time required to obtain approval by the FDA and comparable foreign authorities is unpredictable but typically takes many years following the commencement of clinical trials and depends upon numerous factors, including the substantial discretion of the regulatory authorities. In addition, approval policies, regulations, or the type and amount of clinical data necessary to gain approval may change during the course of a product candidate s clinical development and may vary among jurisdictions, and may require us to amend our clinical trial protocols or conduct additional studies that require regulatory or institutional review board, or IRB, approval, or otherwise cause delays in the approval or rejection of an application. We have not obtained regulatory approval for any product candidate and it is possible that none of our existing product candidates, including AXS 02 and AXS 05, or any product candidates we may seek to develop in the future, will ever obtain regulatory approval. Any delay in obtaining or failure to obtain required approvals could materially adversely affect our ability or that of any of our collaborators to generate revenue from the particular product candidate, which likely would result in significant harm to our financial position and adversely impact our stock price. 

Our product candidates and the activities associated with their development and commercialization, including their design, testing, manufacture, safety, efficacy, recordkeeping, labeling, storage, approval, advertising, promotion, sale, and distribution, are subject to comprehensive regulation by the FDA and other regulatory agencies in the United States, and by the EMA and similar regulatory authorities outside the United States and Europe. Failure to obtain marketing approval for a product candidate will prevent us from commercializing the product candidate. We have no experience in filing and supporting the applications necessary to gain marketing approvals and expect to rely on third party contract research organizations, or CROs, and consultants to assist us in this process. Securing marketing approval requires the submission of extensive preclinical and clinical data and supporting information to regulatory authorities for each therapeutic indication to establish the product candidate s safety and efficacy for that indication. Securing marketing approval also requires the submission of information about the product manufacturing process to, and inspection of manufacturing facilities and clinical trial sites by, the regulatory authorities. 

Clinical testing is expensive and can take many years to complete, and its outcome is inherently uncertain. Failure can occur at any time during the clinical trial process. The results of preclinical studies and early clinical trials of our product candidates may not be predictive of the results of later stage clinical trials. Product candidates in later stages of clinical trials may fail to show the desired safety and efficacy traits despite having progressed through preclinical studies and initial clinical trials. Preclinical studies may also reveal unfavorable product candidate characteristics, including safety concerns. A number of companies in the pharmaceutical industry have suffered significant setbacks in advanced clinical trials due to lack of efficacy or adverse safety profiles, notwithstanding promising results in earlier trials. Our future clinical trial results may not be successful. Moreover, should there be a flaw in a clinical trial, it may not become apparent until the clinical trial is well advanced. 

We may also experience numerous unforeseen events during, or as a result of, clinical trials that could delay or prevent our ability to receive marketing approval or commercialize our product candidates, including: 

regulators or IRBs may not authorize us or our investigators to commence a clinical trial or conduct a clinical trial at a prospective trial site or amend trial protocols; 

we may experience delays in reaching, or fail to reach, agreement on acceptable clinical trial contracts or clinical trial protocols with prospective trial sites and our CROs; 

clinical trials of our product candidates may produce negative or inconclusive results, or our studies may fail to reach the necessary level of statistical significance, and we may decide, or regulators may require us, to conduct additional clinical trials or abandon product development programs. For instance, as CRPS may spontaneously resolve on its own, our studies in recently diagnosed patients may fail to show a treatment effect; 

32 

Table of Contents  

the number of patients required for clinical trials of our product candidates may be larger than we anticipate, enrollment in these clinical trials may be slower than we anticipate, or participants may drop out of these clinical trials at a higher rate than we anticipate; 

our third party contractors may fail to comply with regulatory requirements or the clinical trial protocol, or meet their contractual obligations to us in a timely manner, or at all, or we may be required to engage in additional clinical trial site monitoring; 

we, the regulators, or IRBs may require that we or our investigators suspend or terminate clinical research for various reasons, including noncompliance with regulatory requirements or a finding that the participants are being exposed to unacceptable health risks, undesirable side effects, or other unexpected characteristics of the product candidate, or due to findings of undesirable effects caused by a chemically or mechanistically similar drug or drug candidate; 

changes in marketing approval policies during the development period rendering our data insufficient to obtain marketing approval; 

changes in or the enactment of additional statutes or regulations; 

changes in regulatory review for each submitted product application; 

the cost of clinical trials of our product candidates may be greater than we anticipate or we may have insufficient funds for a clinical trial or to pay the substantial user fees required by the FDA upon the filing of an NDA; 

the supply or quality of our product candidates or other materials necessary to conduct clinical trials of our product candidates may be insufficient or inadequate; 

we may decide, or regulators may require us, to conduct additional clinical trials, analyses, reports, data, or preclinical trials, or we may abandon product development programs. For instance, for the development of AXS 02, the FDA has indicated that we will need to file a new IND for each indication to supplement the initial IND that we filed in 2013 for the treatment of pain associated with CRPS, and that we will need to conduct additional preclinical studies and clinical trials, such as non clinical oral toxicology studies and clinical trials to further assess the safety and duration of effect of AXS 02, AXS 02 food effects, and possibly repeat dosing. For our ongoing Phase 3 clinical trial with AXS 02 for the treatment of the pain of knee OA associated with BMLs, although we have received a Special Protocol Assessment, or SPA, the FDA stated that if there is a recurrence of knee OA pain, we will need to explore repeat dosing, which would require additional preclinical studies. For AXS 05, we will need to conduct additional clinical and preclinical studies in addition to our planned Phase 3 trials in order to file an NDA for this product candidate. The outcome of our studies may further necessitate additional clinical or preclinical work;  

we may fail to reach an agreement with regulators regarding the scope or design of our clinical trials; 

we may have delays in adding new investigators or clinical trial sites, or we may experience a withdrawal of clinical trial sites; 

patients that enroll in our studies may misrepresent their eligibility or may otherwise not comply with the clinical trial protocol, resulting in the need to drop the patients from the study or clinical trial, increase the needed enrollment size for the study or clinical trial, or extend the study s or clinical trial s duration; 

there may be regulatory questions regarding interpretations of data and results, or new information may emerge regarding our product candidates; 

33 

Table of Contents  

the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities may disagree with our study design or our interpretation of data from preclinical studies and clinical trials or find that a product candidate s benefits do not outweigh its safety risks. For instance, in our communications with the FDA, the FDA has raised questions and had comments regarding our preclinical studies and clinical trials, such as comments on the acceptability of the proposed trial designs for our product candidates, the number of patients planned for our studies, our data analysis plans, the applicability of the serum biomarkers studied in our Phase 1 study of AXS 02, the species and doses used in our preclinical studies, and the results of our preclinical studies; 

the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities may not accept data from studies with clinical trial sites in foreign countries; 

the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities may disagree with our intended indications.  

the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities may fail to approve or subsequently find fault with the manufacturing processes or our manufacturing facilities for clinical and future commercial supplies; 

the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities may take longer than we anticipate to make a decision on our product candidates; and 

we may not be able to demonstrate that a product candidate provides an advantage over current standards of care or current or future competitive therapies in development. 

Moreover, if we are required to conduct additional clinical trials or other testing of our product candidates beyond those that we currently contemplate, if we are unable to successfully complete clinical trials or other testing of our product candidates, if the results of these trials or tests are not positive, or are only modestly positive or if there are safety concerns, we may: 

be delayed in obtaining marketing approval for our product candidates; 

not obtain marketing approval at all; 

obtain approval for indications or patient populations that are not as broad as intended or desired or are not covered by our intellectual property; 

obtain approval with labeling that includes significant use or distribution restrictions, including restrictions on the intended patient population, or safety warnings, including boxed warnings, contraindications, and precautions, or may not include label statements necessary or desirable for successful commercialization; 

be subject to additional post marketing testing and surveillance requirements, including REMS; or 

have the product removed from the market after obtaining marketing approval. 

34 

Table of Contents  

Our product candidate development costs will also increase if we experience delays in testing or approvals and we may not have sufficient funding to complete the testing and approval process for any of our product candidates. We may be required to obtain additional funds to complete clinical trials and prepare for possible commercialization of our product candidates. We do not know whether any additional preclinical tests or clinical trials will be required, will begin as planned, will need to be restructured, or will be completed on schedule, or at all. Significant delays relating to any preclinical studies or clinical trials also could shorten any periods during which we may have the exclusive right to commercialize our product candidates or allow our competitors, or the competitors of our collaborators, to bring products to market before we do and impair our ability to successfully commercialize our product candidates and may harm our business and results of operations. In addition, many of the factors that cause, or lead to, such delays may ultimately lead to the denial of marketing approval of any of our product candidates. If any of this occurs, our business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects will be materially harmed. 

Regulatory authorities have substantial discretion in the approval process and may refuse to accept any application or may decide that our data are insufficient for approval and require additional preclinical studies, clinical trials, or other studies. In addition, varying interpretations of the data obtained from preclinical and clinical testing could delay, limit, or prevent marketing approval of a product candidate. Furthermore, there is the possibility that the FDA has not previously reviewed product candidates for the indications we are pursuing, such as bisphosphonates for the treatment of pain. As a result, we may experience delays in regulatory approval due to uncertainties in the approval process. 

Finally, even if we were to obtain approval, regulatory authorities may approve any of our product candidates for fewer or more limited indications or uses than we request, may contain significant safety warnings, including black box warnings, contraindications, and precautions, may grant approval contingent on the performance of costly post marketing clinical trials, surveillance, or other requirements, including REMS to monitor the safety or efficacy of the product, or may approve a product candidate with a label that does not include the labeling claims necessary or desirable for the successful commercialization of that product candidate. Any of these scenarios could compromise the commercial prospects for our product candidates. 

If we experience delays in obtaining approval, if we fail to obtain approval of a product candidate or if the label for a product candidate does not include the labeling claims necessary or desirable for the successful commercialization of that product candidate, the commercial prospects for such product candidate may be harmed and our ability to generate revenues from that product candidate will be materially impaired. 

The FDA may determine that AXS 02, AXS 05, or any other of our current or future product candidates have undesirable side effects that could delay or prevent their regulatory approval or commercialization. 

Undesirable side effects caused by our product candidates could cause us, IRBs, and other reviewing entities or regulatory authorities to interrupt, delay, or halt clinical trials and could result in a more restrictive label or the delay or denial of regulatory approval by the FDA or other comparable foreign authorities. For example, if concerns are raised regarding the safety of a new drug as a result of undesirable side effects identified during clinical or preclinical testing, the FDA may order us to cease further development, decline to approve the drug, or issue a letter requesting additional data or information prior to making a final decision regarding whether or not to approve the drug. 

The number of requests for additional data or information issued by the FDA in recent years has increased, and resulted in substantial delays in the approval of several new drugs. Undesirable side effects caused by AXS 02, AXS 05, or any other of our current or future product candidates could also result in denial of regulatory approval by the FDA or other comparable foreign authorities for any or all targeted indications or the inclusion of unfavorable information in our product labeling, such as limitations on the indicated uses for which the products may be marketed or distributed, a label with significant safety warnings, including boxed warnings, contraindications, and precautions, a label without statements necessary or desirable for successful commercialization, or may result in requirements for costly post marketing testing and surveillance, or other requirements, including REMS, to monitor the safety or efficacy of the products, and in turn prevent us from commercializing and generating revenues from the sale of AXS 02, AXS 05, or any other of our current or future product candidates.  

35 

Table of Contents  

To date, the most commonly reported adverse events observed in the completed clinical trial of AXS 02 include headache, fever, musculoskeletal pain, diarrhea, abdominal pain, nausea, myalgia, and chills. Some reported adverse events led to discontinuation from our trial of AXS 02. These adverse events included abdominal pain. 

To date, the most commonly reported adverse events observed in a completed clinical trial with zoledronic acid, the active molecule in AXS 02, for the treatment of the pain of knee OA associated with BMLs include acute phase reactions, primarily cold or flu like symptoms and headaches. 

To date, the most commonly reported adverse events observed in a completed clinical trial with zoledronic acid, the active molecule in AXS 02, for the treatment of CLBP associated with MCs include fever, headache, myalgia, arthralgia, pain, nausea, and flu like symptoms. Sinusitis requiring temporary hospitalization following zoledronic acid infusion was reported in one patient and was therefore classified as a serious adverse event. 

To date, the most commonly reported adverse events observed in the completed clinical trials of the combination of DM, one of the active molecules in AXS 05, and quinidine for the treatment of pseudobulbar affect and agitation in patients with probable AD include falls, dizziness, headache, nausea, diarrhea, and urinary tract infection. 

To date, the most commonly reported adverse events observed in the completed clinical trials of AXS 05 include headache, nausea, dizziness, insomnia, dry mouth, fatigue, hypoesthesia, disturbance in attention, hyperhidrosis, increased heart rate, palpitation, constipation, diarrhea, increased blood pressure, and tremor. Some reported adverse events resulted in discontinuations from our trials of AXS 05. These adverse events included chest pain, headache, abdominal pain, diarrhea, signs of potential allergic reactions, atrial tachycardia, disturbance in attention, metamorphosia, tremor, feeling hot, dizziness, dyspnea, and increased respiratory rate. AXS-05 is a combination of DM and bupropion, and this combination may exacerbate any known adverse events for each individual component, or may result in new toxicities as compared to those of the individual components.   

If any of our other product candidates is associated with serious adverse events or undesirable side effects or have properties that are unexpected, we may need to abandon development or limit development of that product candidate to certain uses or subpopulations in which the undesirable side effects or other characteristics are less prevalent, less severe, or more acceptable from a risk benefit perspective. The drug related side effects could affect patient recruitment or the ability of enrolled patients to complete the trial or result in potential product liability claims. Any of these occurrences may significantly harm our business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects. 

If we experience delays or difficulties in the enrollment of patients in clinical trials, our receipt of necessary regulatory approvals could be delayed or prevented. 

We may not be able to initiate or continue conducting clinical trials for our product candidates if we are unable to locate and enroll a sufficient number of eligible patients to participate in these trials as required by the FDA or similar regulatory authorities outside the United States. Some of our competitors have ongoing clinical trials for product candidates that treat the same indications as our product candidates, and patients who would otherwise be eligible for our clinical trials may instead enroll in clinical trials of our competitors  product candidates. Patient enrollment is affected by other factors including: 

the size and nature of the patient population; 

the severity of the disease under investigation; 

the eligibility criteria for, and design of, the clinical trial in question, including factors such as frequency of required assessments, length of the study, and ongoing monitoring requirements; 

the perceived risks and benefits of the product candidate under study, including the potential advantages or disadvantages of the product candidate being studied in relation to other available therapies; 

36 

Table of Contents  

competition in recruiting and enrolling patients in clinical trials; 

the efforts to facilitate timely enrollment in clinical trials; 

the patient referral practices of physicians; 

effectiveness of publicity created by clinical trial sites regarding the trial; 

patients  ability to comply with the specific instructions related to the trial protocol, proper documentation, and use of the drug product; 

inability to obtain or maintain patient informed consents; 

risk that enrolled patients will drop out before completion; 

the ability to monitor patients adequately during and after treatment; and 

the proximity and availability of clinical trial sites for prospective patients. 

Our inability to enroll a sufficient number of patients for our clinical trials would result in significant delays which would cause us to miss our projected timelines and could require us to abandon one or more clinical trials altogether. For instance, because we are seeking regulatory approval for certain indications that may have a narrow or small patient population, it may be difficult to find patients eligible to participate in our clinical studies at a sufficient rate or in a sufficient quantity. Our current development plan for AXS 02 contemplates recruiting and enrolling more than 475 patients for our Phase 3 clinical trials for the treatment of pain associated with CRPS. We may encounter difficulties or delays in completing our planned enrollments for these trials. In addition, because of some of our other entry criteria for our Phase 3 clinical trials with AXS 02 for the treatment of pain associated with CRPS, such as the requirement that patients cease any usage of previous opioid therapy, we may further limit our potential patient population. For our initiated Phase 3 clinical trial with AXS 02 for the treatment of the pain of knee OA associated with BMLs and our planned Phase 3 clinical trial in CLBP associated with type 1 or mixed type 1 and type 2 MCs, enrollment will require the existence of radiographic biomarkers and we may require patients to discontinue use of their existing medication before participating in our clinical trials. We may also exclude patients who have been treated with opioids or other classes of medications. For our Phase 3 clinical trial with AXS 05 for the treatment of TRD, we will require patients to have previously failed one or two antidepressant treatments, which further limits our potential patient population. As a result, these entry criteria may make it difficult for us to enroll patients in any of our clinical trials. Moreover, patients in our clinical trials, especially patients in our control groups, may be at risk for dropping out of our studies if they are not experiencing relief of their symptoms. A significant number of withdrawn patients would compromise the quality of our data. 

Enrollment delays in our clinical trials may result in increased development costs for our product candidates, or the inability to complete development of our product candidates, which would cause the value of our company to decline, limit our ability to obtain additional financing, and materially impair our ability to generate revenues. 

37 

Table of Contents  

One of our lead product candidates, AXS 05, if approved, will compete in the marketplace with other bupropion products that are subject to restrictive marketing and distribution regulations, which if applied to our product candidates would restrict their use and harm our ability to generate profits. 

Some of the currently approved bupropion products require REMS. REMS programs may require medication guides for patients, special communication plans to healthcare professionals, or elements to assure safe use, such as restricted distribution methods, distribution only to certain medical professionals, training for medical professionals prescribing our product candidates, patient registries, or other risk minimization tools. The FDA may determine that AXS 05 will require a REMS program. We cannot predict whether REMS will be required as part of the FDA s approval of our product candidates and, if required, what those requirements might be. Any limitations on approval or marketing could restrict the commercial promotion, distribution, prescription, or dispensing of our product candidates, if approved. If a REMS program is required, depending on the extent of the REMS requirements, the program might significantly increase our costs to commercialize these product candidates or could place a substantial burden on medical professionals, discouraging their use of our product candidates, if approved. Furthermore, risks of our product candidates that are not adequately addressed through proposed REMS for such product candidates may also prevent or delay their approval for commercialization. 

Changes in product candidate manufacturing or formulation may result in additional costs or delay. 

As product candidates are developed through preclinical studies to late stage clinical trials towards approval and commercialization, it is common that various aspects of the development program, such as manufacturing methods and formulation, are altered along the way in an effort to optimize processes and results. For instance, our initial studies in AXS 05 were completed with two separate tablets containing DM and bupropion. Our Phase 3 studies, however, will be conducted using a single tablet containing both active ingredients. Such changes carry the risk that they will not achieve these intended objectives. Any of these changes could cause our product candidates to perform differently and affect the results of planned clinical trials or other future clinical trials conducted with the altered materials. Such changes may also require additional testing, FDA notification, or FDA approval. This could delay completion of clinical trials; require the conduct of bridging clinical trials or studies, or the repetition of one or more clinical trials; increase clinical trial costs; delay approval of our product candidates; and jeopardize our ability to commence product sales and generate revenue. 

Failure to obtain marketing approval in international jurisdictions would prevent our product candidates from being marketed abroad. 

In order to market and sell our products in the European Union and many other jurisdictions, we or our third party collaborators must obtain separate marketing approvals and comply with numerous and varying regulatory requirements. The approval procedure varies among countries and can involve additional testing. The time required to obtain approval may differ substantially from that required to obtain FDA approval. The regulatory approval process outside the United States generally includes all of the risks associated with obtaining FDA approval. In addition, in many countries outside the United States, it is required that the product be approved for reimbursement before the product can be approved for sale in that country. We or these third parties may not obtain approvals from regulatory authorities outside the United States on a timely basis, if at all. Approval by the FDA does not ensure approval by regulatory authorities in other countries or jurisdictions, and approval by one regulatory authority outside the United States does not ensure approval by regulatory authorities in other countries or jurisdictions or by the FDA. However, the failure to obtain approval in one jurisdiction may compromise our ability to obtain approval elsewhere. We may not be able to file for marketing approvals and may not receive necessary approvals to commercialize our products in any market. 

38 

Table of Contents  

A Fast Track product designation or other designation to facilitate product candidate development may not lead to faster development or regulatory review or approval process, and it does not increase the likelihood that our product candidates will receive marketing approval. 

We have received a Fast Track product designation for AXS 02 for both the treatment of pain associated with CRPS as well as for the treatment of the pain of knee OA associated with BMLs, and we may seek Fast Track designation for other of our current or future product candidates. Receipt of a designation to facilitate product candidate development is within the discretion of the FDA. Accordingly, even if we believe one of our product candidates meets the criteria for a designation, the FDA may disagree. In any event, the receipt of such a designation for a product candidate may not result in a faster development process, review, or approval compared to drugs considered for approval under conventional FDA procedures and does not assure ultimate marketing approval by the FDA. In addition, the FDA may later decide that the products no longer meet the designation conditions. 

Regulatory approval is limited by the FDA to those specific indications and conditions for which clinical safety and efficacy have been demonstrated, and we may be subject to fines, penalties, injunctions, or other enforcement actions if we are determined to be promoting the use of our products for unapproved or  off label  uses, resulting in damage to our reputation and business. 

We, and any of our collaborators, must comply with requirements concerning advertising and promotion for any of our product candidates for which we or they obtain marketing approval. Promotional communications with respect to prescription drugs are subject to a variety of legal and regulatory restrictions and continuing review by the FDA, Department of Justice, Department of Health and Human Services  Office of Inspector General, state attorneys general, members of Congress, and the public. When the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities issue regulatory approval for a product candidate, the regulatory approval is limited to those specific uses and indications for which a product is approved. If we are not able to obtain FDA approval for any desired uses or indications for our products and product candidates, we may not market or promote our products for those indications and uses, referred to as off label uses, and our business may be adversely affected. We further must be able to sufficiently substantiate any claims that we make for our products including claims comparing our products to other companies  products. 

While physicians may choose to prescribe drugs for uses that are not described in the product s labeling and for uses that differ from those tested in clinical studies and approved by the regulatory authorities, we are prohibited from marketing and promoting the products for indications and uses that are not specifically approved by the FDA. These off label uses are common across medical specialties and may constitute an appropriate treatment for some patients in varied circumstances. Regulatory authorities in the United States generally do not restrict or regulate the behavior of physicians in their choice of treatment within the practice of medicine. Regulatory authorities do, however, restrict communications by pharmaceutical companies concerning off label use. 

If we are found to have impermissibly promoted any of our product candidates, we may become subject to significant liability and government fines. The FDA and other agencies actively enforce the laws and regulations regarding product promotion, particularly those prohibiting the promotion of off label uses, and a company that is found to have improperly promoted a product may be subject to significant sanctions. The federal government has levied large civil and criminal fines against companies for alleged improper promotion and has enjoined several companies from engaging in off label promotion. The FDA has also requested that companies enter into consent decrees of permanent injunctions under which specified promotional conduct is changed or curtailed. Thus, we and any of our collaborators will not be able to promote any products we develop for indications or uses for which they are not approved. 

39 

Table of Contents  

In the United States, engaging in the impermissible promotion of our products, following approval, for off label uses can also subject us to false claims and other litigation under federal and state statutes, including fraud and abuse and consumer protection laws, which can lead to civil and criminal penalties and fines, agreements with governmental authorities that materially restrict the manner in which we promote or distribute drug products and do business through, for example, corporate integrity agreements, suspension or exclusion from participation in federal and state healthcare programs, and debarment from government contracts and refusal of future orders under existing contracts. These false claims statutes include the federal civil False Claims Act, which allows any individual to bring a lawsuit against a pharmaceutical company on behalf of the federal government alleging submission of false or fraudulent claims, or causing others to present such false or fraudulent claims, for payment by a federal program such as Medicare or Medicaid. If the government decides to intervene and prevails in the lawsuit, the individual will share in the proceeds from any fines or settlement funds. If the government declines to intervene, the individual may pursue the case alone. These False Claims Act lawsuits against pharmaceutical companies have increased significantly in volume and breadth, leading to several substantial civil and criminal settlements, up to $3.0 billion, pertaining to certain sales practices and promoting off label drug uses. This growth in litigation has increased the risk that a pharmaceutical company will have to defend a false claim action; pay settlement fines or restitution, as well as criminal and civil penalties; agree to comply with burdensome reporting and compliance obligations; and be excluded from Medicare, Medicaid, or other federal and state healthcare programs. If we or our collaborators do not lawfully promote our approved products, if any, we may become subject to such litigation and, if we do not successfully defend against such actions, those actions may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects. 

In the United States, the distribution of product samples to physicians must further comply with the requirements of the U.S. Prescription Drug Marketing Act. If the FDA determines that our promotional activities violate its regulations and policies pertaining to product promotion, it could request that we modify our promotional materials or subject us to regulatory or other enforcement actions, including issuance of warning letters or untitled letters, suspension or withdrawal of an approved product from the market, requests for recalls, payment of civil fines, disgorgement of money, imposition of operating restrictions, injunctions, or criminal prosecution. These regulatory and enforcement actions could significantly harm our business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects. 

Even if AXS 02 or AXS 05 receive regulatory approval, we will be subject to ongoing obligations and continued regulatory review, which may result in significant additional expense. Additionally, any of our product candidates, if approved, could be subject to labeling and other restrictions and market withdrawal and we may be subject to penalties if we fail to comply with regulatory requirements or experience unanticipated problems with our products. 

Any product candidate for which we obtain marketing approval will be subject to extensive and ongoing requirements of and review by the FDA and other regulatory authorities, including requirements related to the manufacturing processes, post approval clinical data, labeling, packaging, distribution, adverse event reporting, storage, recordkeeping, export, import, advertising, marketing, and promotional activities for such product. These requirements further include submissions of safety and other post marketing information, including manufacturing deviations and reports; registration and listing requirements; the payment of annual fees for our product candidates, if approved, and the establishments at which they are manufactured; continued compliance with cGMP requirements relating to manufacturing, quality control, quality assurance, and corresponding maintenance of records and documents; requirements regarding the distribution of samples to physicians and recordkeeping; and good clinical practices, or GCPs, for any clinical trials that we conduct post approval. Even if marketing approval of a product candidate is granted, the approval may be subject to limitations on the indicated uses and populations for which the product may be marketed or to the conditions of approval, including significant safety warnings, including boxed warnings, contraindications, and precautions that are not desirable for successful commercialization and any requirement to implement a REMS that render the approved product not commercially viable or other post market requirements or restrictions. Any such restrictions could limit sales of the product. 

We and any of our collaborators, including our contract manufacturers, could be subject to periodic unannounced inspections by the FDA to monitor and ensure compliance with cGMPs. Application holders must further notify the FDA, and depending on the nature of the change, obtain FDA pre approval for product and manufacturing changes. Application fees may apply to certain changes. 

40 

Table of Contents  

In addition, later discovery of previously unknown adverse events or that the drug is less effective than previously thought or other problems with our products, manufacturers, or manufacturing processes, or failure to comply with regulatory requirements both before and after approval, may yield various results, including: 

restrictions on manufacturing or distribution, or marketing of such products; 

restrictions on the labeling, including required additional warnings, such as black box warnings, contraindications, precautions, and restrictions on the approved indication or use; 

modifications to promotional pieces; 

requirements to conduct post marketing studies or clinical trials; 

clinical holds or termination of clinical trials; 

requirements to establish or modify a REMS or a comparable foreign authority may require that we establish or modify a similar strategy, that may, for instance, require us to create a Medication Guide outlining the risks of the previously unidentified side effects for distribution to patients, or restrict distribution of the product, if and when approved, and impose burdensome implementation requirements on us; 

changes to the way the drug is administered; 

liability for harm caused to patients or subjects; 

reputational harm; 

the drug becoming less competitive; 

warning, untitled, or cyber letters; 

suspension of marketing or withdrawal of the products from the market; 

regulatory authority issuance of safety alerts, Dear Healthcare Provider letters, press releases, or other communications containing warnings or other safety information about the drug; 

refusal to approve pending applications or supplements to approved applications that we submit; 

recall of products; 

fines, damages, restitution, or disgorgement of profits or revenues; 

suspension or withdrawal of marketing approvals; 

refusal to permit the import or export of our products; 

product seizure or detention; 

FDA debarment, debarment from government contracts, and refusal of future orders under existing contracts, exclusion from federal healthcare programs, consent decrees, or corporate integrity agreements; or 

injunctions or the imposition of civil or criminal penalties, including imprisonment. 

41 

Table of Contents  

Any of these events could prevent us from achieving or maintaining market acceptance of the particular product candidate, if approved, or could substantially increase the costs and expenses of commercializing such product, which in turn could delay or prevent us from generating significant revenues from its sale. Any of these events could further have other material and adverse effects on our operations and business and could adversely impact our stock price and could significantly harm our business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects. 

The FDA s policies may change and additional government regulations may be enacted that could prevent, limit, or delay regulatory approval of our product candidates or that could impose additional regulatory obligations on us if our product candidates are approved. If we are slow or unable to adapt to changes in existing requirements or the adoption of new requirements or policies, or if we are not able to maintain regulatory compliance, we may lose any marketing approval that we may have obtained and be subject to regulatory enforcement action. 

Should any of the above actions take place, they could adversely affect our ability to achieve or sustain profitability. Further, the cost of compliance with post approval regulations may have a negative effect on our operating results and financial condition. 

If we obtain approval to commercialize our product candidates outside of the United States, a variety of risks associated with international operations could materially adversely affect our business. 

If any of our product candidates are approved for commercialization, we may enter into agreements with third parties to market them on a worldwide basis or in more limited geographical regions. We expect that we will be subject to additional risks related to entering into international business relationships, including: 

different regulatory requirements for approval of drugs in foreign countries; 

the potential for so called parallel importing, which is what happens when a local seller, faced with high or higher local prices, opts to import goods from a foreign market (with low or lower prices) rather than buying them locally; 

challenges enforcing our contractual and intellectual property rights, especially in those foreign countries that do not respect and protect intellectual property rights to the same extent as the United States; 

unexpected changes in tariffs, trade barriers, and regulatory requirements and in the health care policies of foreign jurisdictions; 

economic weakness, including inflation, or political instability in particular foreign economies and markets; 

compliance with tax, employment, immigration, and labor laws for employees living or traveling abroad; 

foreign taxes, including withholding of payroll taxes; 

foreign currency fluctuations, which could result in increased operating expenses and reduced revenues, and other obligations incident to doing business in another country; 

difficulties staffing and managing foreign operations; 

workforce uncertainty in countries where labor unrest is more common than in the United States; 

costs of compliance with U.S. laws and regulations for foreign operations, including the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act or comparable foreign regulations, and the risks and costs of noncompliance; 

production shortages resulting from any events affecting raw material supply or manufacturing capabilities abroad; and 

42 

Table of Contents  

business interruptions resulting from geopolitical actions, including war and terrorism, or natural disasters including earthquakes, typhoons, floods, and fires. 

These and other risks associated with our international operations may materially adversely affect our ability to attain or maintain profitable operations. 

We will need to obtain FDA approval of any proposed product names, and any failure or delay associated with such approval may adversely affect our business. 

Any name we intend to use for our product candidates will require approval from the FDA regardless of whether we have secured a formal trademark registration from the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office, or USPTO. The FDA typically conducts a review of proposed product names, including an evaluation of the potential for confusion with other product names. The FDA may also object to a product name if it believes the name inappropriately implies medical claims or contributes to an overstatement of efficacy. If the FDA objects to any of our proposed product names, we may be required to adopt alternative names for our product candidates. If we adopt alternative names, we would lose the benefit of any existing trademark applications for such product candidate and may be required to expend significant additional resources in an effort to identify a suitable product name that would qualify under applicable trademark laws, not infringe the existing rights of third parties, and be acceptable to the FDA. We may be unable to build a successful brand identity for a new trademark in a timely manner or at all, which would limit our ability to commercialize our product candidates. 

RISKS RELATED TO THE COMMERCIALIZATION OF OUR PRODUCT CANDIDATES 

We face significant competition from other pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies, academic institutions, government agencies, and other research organizations. Our operating results will suffer if we fail to compete effectively. 

The development and commercialization of new drug products is highly competitive. We face competition with respect to our current product candidates, and will face competition with respect to any product candidates that we may seek to develop or commercialize in the future, from major pharmaceutical companies, specialty pharmaceutical companies, and biotechnology companies worldwide. There are a number of large pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies that currently market and sell products or are pursuing the development of products for the treatment of pain and central nervous system disorders. Potential competitors also include academic institutions, government agencies, and other public and private research organizations that conduct research, seek patent protection, and establish collaborative arrangements for research, development, manufacturing, and commercialization. 

Specifically, there are a large number of companies developing or marketing therapies for the treatment and management of pain and other CNS disorders, including many major pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies. Among the companies that currently market or are developing therapies that, if approved, our product candidates would potentially compete with include: Alkermes plc; Allergan plc; Carbylan Therapeutics, Inc.; Eli Lilly and Company; Flexion Therapeutics, Inc.; Grunenthal GmbH; Janssen Research   Development, LLC; Levolta Pharmaceuticals, Inc.; Merrion Pharmaceuticals plc; Otsuka Pharmaceutical Co. Ltd.; Thar Pharmaceuticals, Inc.; and Transition Therapeutics Inc. 

Our commercial opportunities could be reduced or eliminated if our competitors develop and commercialize products that are safer, are more effective, have fewer or less severe side effects, are more convenient, or are less expensive than any products that we may develop. Our competitors also may obtain FDA or other regulatory approval for their products more rapidly than we may obtain approval for ours, which could result in our competitors establishing a strong market position before we are able to enter the market. In addition, our ability to compete may be affected in many cases by insurers or other third party payors seeking to encourage the use of generic products or therapeutically similar lower cost brands. If our product candidates achieve marketing approval, we expect that they will be priced at a significant premium over competitive generic products, which would further impact our commercialization efforts. 

43 

Table of Contents  

We are not aware of any generic products currently available on the market that are approved for the specific indications that we are pursuing; however, generic forms of the active ingredients of our product candidates, including zoledronic acid, DM, and bupropion, are available and could be used off label. Any such off label use could adversely affect our profitability and have a negative effect on our operating results and financial condition. For example, even though zoledronic acid is not currently approved for the treatment of pain, we would not be able to prevent a physician from prescribing zoledronic acid in intravenous form for such treatment. Nor could we prevent a payer from offering favorable coverage for such product and disadvantaging our product candidates, even if the generics would be used off-label.   

Many of the companies against which we are competing or against which we may compete in the future have significantly greater financial resources and expertise in research and development, manufacturing, preclinical testing, conducting clinical trials, obtaining regulatory approvals, and marketing approved products than we do. Mergers and acquisitions in the pharmaceutical and biotechnology industries may result in even more resources being concentrated among a smaller number of our competitors. Early stage companies may also prove to be significant competitors, particularly through collaborative arrangements with large and established companies. These third parties compete with us in recruiting and retaining qualified scientific and management personnel and establishing clinical trial sites and patient registration for clinical trials, as well as in acquiring technologies complementary to, or necessary for, our programs. 

If the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities approve generic or similar versions of any of our products that receive marketing approval, or such authorities do not grant our products appropriate periods of data exclusivity before approving generic or similar versions of our products, the sales of our products could be adversely affected. 

Once an NDA is approved, the covered product becomes a  reference listed drug  in the FDA s Orange Book. Manufacturers may seek approval of generic versions of reference listed drugs through submission of ANDAs in the United States. In support of an ANDA, a generic manufacturer need not conduct full clinical studies. Rather, the applicant generally must show that its product has the same active ingredient(s), dosage form, strength, route of administration, and conditions of use or labeling, among other commonalities, as the reference listed drug and that the generic version is bioequivalent to the reference listed drug, meaning it is absorbed in the body at the same rate and to the same extent. Generic products may be significantly less costly to bring to market than the reference listed drug and companies that produce generic products are generally able to offer them at lower prices, and are generally preferred by third party payors. Thus, following the introduction of a generic drug, a significant percentage of the sales of any branded product or reference listed drug is typically lost to the generic product. 

Moreover, in addition to generic competition, we could face competition from other companies seeking approval of drug products that are similar to ours using the 505(b)(2) pathway. Such applicants may be able to rely on our product candidates, if approved, or other approved drug products or published literature to develop drug products that are similar to ours. The introduction of a drug product similar to our product candidates could expose us to increased competition. 

Further, if we do not file a patent infringement lawsuit against a generic manufacturer within 45 days of receiving notice of its paragraph IV certification, the ANDA or 505(b)(2) applicant would not be subject to a 30 month stay. Litigation or other proceedings to enforce or defend intellectual property rights are often very complex in nature, may be expensive and time consuming, may divert our management s attention from our core business, and may result in unfavorable results that could adversely impact our ability to prevent third parties from competing with our products. Accordingly, upon approval of our product candidates we may be subject to generic competition or competition from similar products, or may need to commence patent infringement proceedings, which would divert our resources. 

44 

Table of Contents  

We currently anticipate that we may be eligible for three years of non patent marketing exclusivity for our product candidates if they are approved. These three years, however, would only protect our modifications in formulation or approved uses in comparison to the reference listed drug and would not prevent other companies from submitting full NDAs. Moreover, a 505(b)(2) applicant could rely on a reference listed drug that is not one of our product candidates, or published literature, in which case any periods of patent or non patent protection may not prevent FDA making an approval effective. We may also be eligible in the United States for seven years of orphan exclusivity for AXS 02 for the treatment of CRPS, which is further discussed below. 

Competition that our products may face from generic or similar versions of our products could materially and adversely impact our future revenue, profitability, and cash flows and substantially limit our ability to obtain a return on the investments we have made in those product candidates. 

AXS 02 has received Orphan Drug Designation from the FDA. However, there is no guarantee that we will be able to maintain this designation for AXS 02, receive this designation for any of our other product candidates, or receive or maintain any corresponding benefits, including periods of exclusivity. 

AXS 02 has received Orphan Drug Designation from the FDA for the treatment of CRPS. We may also seek Orphan Drug Designation for our other product candidates, as appropriate. 

Orphan Drug Designation, however, may be lost if the indication for which we develop AXS 02 or the indications for which we develop any of our future product candidates do not meet the orphan drug criteria. Moreover, following product approval, orphan drug exclusivity may be lost if the FDA determines, among other reasons, that the request for designation was materially defective or if the manufacturer is unable to assure sufficient quantity of the product to meet the needs of patients with the rare disease or condition. Even if we obtain orphan drug exclusivity for AXS 02, AXS 05, or any other of our current or future product candidates, that exclusivity may not effectively protect the product from competition because different products can be approved for the same condition. Even after an orphan product is approved, the FDA can subsequently approve a product containing the same principal molecular features for the same condition if the FDA concludes that the later product is clinically superior in that it is shown to be safer or more effective or makes a major contribution to patient care. 

The FDA or the EMA may grant orphan exclusivity to two different sponsors for the same compound or active molecule and for the same indication. For example, subsequent to our Orphan Drug Designation, the FDA granted Orphan Drug Designation to Thar Pharmaceuticals, Inc. for a zoledronic acid containing product for the treatment of CRPS. If Thar Pharmaceuticals or another sponsor receives FDA approval for a zoledronic acid containing product for the treatment of CRPS before we obtain FDA approval for AXS 02 for the treatment of pain associated with CRPS, we would be prevented from launching our product in the United States for this indication for a period of at least 7 years. If another sponsor receives EMA approval for a zoledronic acid containing product for the treatment of CRPS before we obtain EMA approval for AXS 02 for the treatment of pain associated with CRPS, we would be prevented from launching our product in the European Union for this indication for a period of at least 10 to 12 years. 

In response to a recent court decision regarding the plain meaning of the exclusivity provision of the Orphan Drug Act, the FDA may undertake a reevaluation of aspects of its orphan drug regulations and policies. We do not know if, when, or how the FDA may change the orphan drug regulations and policies, and it is uncertain how any changes might affect our business. Depending on what changes the FDA may make to its orphan drug regulations and policies, our business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects could be harmed. 

45 

Table of Contents  

If we are unable to establish effective marketing and sales capabilities or enter into agreements with third parties to market and sell our product candidates, if they are approved, we may be unable to generate product revenues. 

We currently do not have a commercial infrastructure for the marketing, sale, and distribution of pharmaceutical products. If approved, in order to commercialize our products, we must build our marketing, sales, and distribution capabilities or make arrangements with third parties to perform these services. We may not be successful in doing so. If one of our product candidates is approved by the FDA, we plan to build a commercial infrastructure, including the creation of a specialty sales force to launch that product candidate throughout the United States. In the future, we may seek to further penetrate the U.S. market by expanding our sales force or through collaborations with other pharmaceutical or biotechnology companies or third party manufacturing and sales organizations. If approved for marketing outside the United States, we intend to commercialize our product candidates outside the United States with a marketing and sales collaborator or collaborators, rather than with our own sales force. 

We have no prior experience in the marketing, sale, and distribution of pharmaceutical products, and there are significant risks involved in the building and managing of a commercial infrastructure. The establishment and development of our own sales force and related compliance plans to market any products we may develop will be expensive and time consuming and could delay any product launch, and we may not be able to successfully develop this capability. We, or our future collaborators, will have to compete with other pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies to recruit, hire, train, manage, and retain marketing and sales personnel. In the event we are unable to develop a marketing and sales infrastructure, we may not be able to commercialize AXS 02, AXS 05, or any other of our current or future product candidates, which would limit our ability to generate product revenues. Factors that may inhibit our efforts to commercialize AXS 02, AXS 05, or any other of our current or future product candidates on our own include: 

our inability to recruit, train, manage, and retain adequate numbers of effective sales and marketing personnel; 

the inability of sales personnel to obtain access to physicians or persuade adequate numbers of physicians to prescribe AXS 02, AXS 05, or any other of our current or future product candidates; 

our inability to effectively oversee a geographically dispersed sales and marketing team; 

the costs associated with training sales and marketing personnel on legal and regulatory compliance matters and monitoring their actions; 

an inability to secure adequate coverage and reimbursement by government and private health plans; 

the clinical indications for which the product is approved; 

limitations or warnings, including distribution or use restrictions, contained in the product s approved labeling; 

any distribution and use restrictions imposed by the FDA or to which we agree as part of a mandatory REMS or voluntary risk management plan; 

liability for sales or marketing personnel who fail to comply with the applicable legal and regulatory requirements; 

the lack of complementary products to be offered by sales personnel, which may put us at a competitive disadvantage relative to companies with more extensive product lines; and 

unforeseen costs and expenses associated with creating an independent sales and marketing organization or engaging a contract sales organization. 

46 

Table of Contents  

Although our current plan is to hire most of our sales and marketing personnel only if a product candidate is approved by the FDA, we will incur expenses prior to product launch in recruiting this sales force and developing a marketing and sales infrastructure. If a commercial launch is delayed as a result of FDA requirements or other reasons, we would incur these expenses prior to being able to realize any revenue from sales of our product candidates. Even if we are able to effectively hire a sales force and develop a marketing and sales infrastructure, our sales force and marketing teams may not be successful in commercializing AXS 02, AXS 05, or any other of our current or future product candidates. 

In the event we are unable to collaborate with a third party marketing and sales organization to commercialize any approved product candidates outside the United States, our ability to generate product revenues may be limited. To the extent we rely on third parties to commercialize any products for which we obtain regulatory approval, we may receive less revenues than if we commercialized these products ourselves. In addition, we would have less control over the sales efforts of any other third parties involved in our commercialization efforts, and could be held liable if they failed to comply with applicable legal or regulatory requirements. 

If AXS 02 or AXS 05 does not achieve broad market acceptance, the revenues that we generate from their sales will be limited. 

We have never commercialized a product candidate for any indication. Even if AXS 02 or AXS 05 is approved by the appropriate regulatory authorities for marketing and sale, it may not gain acceptance among physicians, patients, third party payors, and others in the medical community. If any product candidates for which we obtain regulatory approval do not gain an adequate level of market acceptance, we may not generate significant product revenues or become profitable. Market acceptance of AXS 02 or AXS 05 by the medical community, patients, and third party payors will depend on a number of factors, some of which are beyond our control. For example, physicians are often reluctant to switch their patients from existing therapies even when new and potentially more effective or convenient treatments enter the market. Further, patients often acclimate to the therapy that they are currently taking and do not want to switch unless their physicians recommend switching products or they are required to switch therapies due to lack of reimbursement for existing therapies. 

Efforts to educate the medical community and third party payors on the benefits of our product candidates may require significant resources and may not be successful. If any of our product candidates is approved but does not achieve an adequate level of market acceptance, we may not generate significant revenues and we may not become profitable. The degree of market acceptance of any of our product candidates, and in particular AXS 02 and AXS 05, will depend on a number of factors, including: 

the efficacy of our product candidates; 

the prevalence and severity of adverse events associated with such product candidate; 

the clinical indications for which the product is approved and the approved claims that we may make for the product; 

limitations or warnings contained in the product s FDA approved labeling, including potential limitations or warnings for such product candidate, that may be more restrictive than other competitive products; 

changes in the standard of care for the targeted indications for such product candidate, which could reduce the marketing impact of any claims that we could make following FDA approval, if obtained; 

the relative convenience and ease of administration of such product candidate; 

cost of treatment versus economic and clinical benefit in relation to alternative treatments or therapies; 

47 

Table of Contents  

the availability of adequate coverage or reimbursement by third parties, such as insurance companies and other healthcare payors, and by government healthcare programs, including Medicare and Medicaid; 

the extent and strength of our marketing and distribution of such product candidate; 

the safety, efficacy, and other potential advantages over, and availability of, alternative treatments already used or that may later be approved for any of our intended indications; 

distribution and use restrictions imposed by the FDA with respect to such product candidate or to which we agree as part of a mandatory risk evaluation and mitigation strategy or voluntary risk management plan; 

the timing of market introduction of such product candidate, as well as competitive products; 

our ability to offer such product candidate for sale at competitive prices, including prices that are competitive with generic products; 

the willingness of the target patient population to try new therapies and of physicians to prescribe these therapies; 

the clinical indications for which such product candidate is approved; 

the extent and strength of our third party manufacturer and supplier support; 

the approval of other new products for the same indications; 

adverse publicity about the product or favorable publicity about competitive products; and 

potential product liability claims. 

Our efforts to educate the medical community and third party payors on the benefits of our product candidates may require significant resources and may never be successful. Even if the medical community accepts that one of our product candidates is safe and effective for its approved indications, physicians and patients may not immediately be receptive to such product candidate and may be slow to adopt it as an accepted treatment of the approved indication. It is unlikely that any labeling approved by the FDA will contain claims that one of our product candidates is safer or more effective than competitive products or will permit us to promote such product candidate as being superior to competing products. Further, the availability of inexpensive generic forms of pain management products for acute pain may also limit acceptance of certain of our product candidates among physicians, patients, and third party payors. If AXS 02, AXS 05, or any other of our current or future product candidates is approved but does not achieve an adequate level of acceptance among physicians, patients, and third party payors, we may not generate meaningful revenues from our product candidates, and we may not become profitable. 

The ability of patients to purchase certain of the active ingredients of our product candidates in generic form could put us at a competitive disadvantage. For example, in some foreign jurisdictions, generic oral forms of DM and bupropion are currently available individually for consumer purchase. In addition, physicians may prescribe generic zoledronic acid for the treatment of pain off label. Any use of these generic forms of the active molecules of our product candidates could adversely affect our business and our results of operations. 

48 

Table of Contents  

The potential market opportunities for our product candidates are difficult to precisely estimate. Our estimates of the potential market opportunities are predicated on many assumptions including industry knowledge and publications, third party research reports, and other surveys. While we believe that our internal assumptions are reasonable, these assumptions involve the exercise of significant judgment on the part of our management and are inherently uncertain, and the reasonableness of these assumptions has not been assessed by an independent source. If any of the assumptions proves to be inaccurate, the actual markets for our product candidates could be smaller than our estimates of the potential market opportunities. 

We face potential product liability exposure, and if successful claims are brought against us, we may incur substantial liability for AXS 02, AXS 05, or any other of our current or future product candidates and may have to limit their commercialization. 

The use of AXS 02, AXS 05, or any other of our current or future product candidates in clinical trials, and the sale of any of our product candidates for which we obtain regulatory approval, exposes us to the risk of product liability claims. We face inherent risk of product liability related to the testing of our product candidates in human clinical trials and will face an even greater risk if we commercially sell any product candidates that we may develop. For example, we may be sued if any product candidate we develop allegedly causes injury or is found to be otherwise unsuitable during clinical testing, manufacturing, marketing, or sale. Any such product liability claims may include allegations of defects in manufacturing, defects in design, a failure to warn of dangers inherent in the product, negligence, strict liability or a breach of warranties. Claims could also be asserted under state consumer protection acts. Product liability claims might be brought against us by consumers, healthcare providers, or others using, administering, or selling our products. If we cannot successfully defend ourselves against these claims, we will incur substantial liabilities or be required to limit commercialization of our product candidates. Even successful defense would require significant financial and management resources. Regardless of merit or eventual outcome, liability claims may result in: 

loss of revenue from decreased demand for our products and/or product candidates; 

impairment of our business reputation or financial stability; 

costs of related litigation; 

substantial monetary awards to patients or other claimants; 

diversion of management attention; 

loss of revenues; 

withdrawal of clinical trial participants and potential termination of clinical trial sites or entire clinical programs; 

the inability to commercialize our product candidates; 

significant negative media attention; 

decrease in our stock price; 

initiation of investigations and enforcement actions by regulators; and 

product recalls, withdrawals, or labeling, marketing, or promotional restrictions. 

49 

Table of Contents  

We have obtained limited product liability insurance coverage for our products and our clinical trials with a $8 million annual aggregate coverage limit. We have also obtained local policies in those foreign jurisdictions where it is required. However, our insurance coverage may not reimburse us or may not be sufficient to reimburse us for any expenses or losses we may suffer. Moreover, insurance coverage is becoming increasingly expensive, and, in the future, we may not be able to maintain insurance coverage at a reasonable cost or in sufficient amounts to protect us against losses due to liability. We intend to expand our insurance coverage to include the sale of commercial products if we obtain FDA approval for our product candidates in development, but we may be unable to obtain commercially reasonable product liability insurance for any products approved for marketing, or at all. On occasion, large judgments have been awarded in class action lawsuits based on drugs that had unanticipated side effects. A successful product liability claim or series of claims brought against us could cause our stock price to fall and, if judgments exceed our insurance coverage, could decrease our cash and adversely affect our business and our prospects. 

RISKS RELATED TO OUR DEPENDENCE ON THIRD PARTIES 

We rely, and expect to continue to rely, on third parties to conduct, supervise, and monitor our preclinical studies and clinical trials, and those third parties may not perform satisfactorily, including failing to meet deadlines for the completion of such trials or failing to comply with regulatory requirements. 

We rely on third party CROs to conduct, supervise, and monitor our preclinical studies and clinical trials for our product candidates, including AXS 02 and AXS 05, and do not currently plan to independently conduct preclinical studies or clinical trials of any other potential product candidates. We expect to continue to rely on third parties, such as CROs, clinical data management organizations, medical institutions, and clinical investigators, to conduct our preclinical studies and clinical trials. While we have agreements governing their activities, we have limited influence over their actual performance and control only certain aspects of their activities. The failure of these third parties to successfully carry out their contractual duties or meet expected deadlines could substantially harm our business because we may not obtain marketing approval for or commercialize our product candidates in a timely manner or at all. Moreover, these agreements might terminate for a variety of reasons, including a failure to perform by the third parties. If we need to enter into alternative arrangements, that would delay our product development activities and adversely affect our business. 

Our reliance on these third parties for development activities will reduce our control over these activities. Nevertheless, we are responsible for ensuring that each of our studies is conducted in accordance with the applicable protocol, legal, regulatory, and scientific standards and our reliance on the CROs does not relieve us of our regulatory responsibilities. For example, we will remain responsible for ensuring that each of our clinical trials is conducted in accordance with the general investigational plan and protocols for the trial and for ensuring that our preclinical trials are conducted in accordance with good laboratory practice, or GLP, as appropriate. Moreover, the FDA and comparable foreign regulatory authorities require us to comply with standards, commonly referred to as good clinical practices, or GCPs, for conducting, recording, and reporting the results of clinical trials to assure that data and reported results are credible and accurate and that the rights, integrity, and confidentiality of trial participants are protected. Regulatory authorities enforce these requirements through periodic inspections of trial sponsors, clinical investigators, and trial sites. If we or any of our CROs fail to comply with applicable GCPs, we or our CROs may be subject to enforcement or other legal actions, the clinical data generated in our clinical trials may be deemed unreliable and the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities may require us to perform additional clinical trials. 

In addition, once we have an approved product, we will be required to report certain financial interests of our third party investigators if these relationships exceed certain financial thresholds or meet other criteria. The FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities may question the integrity of the data from those clinical trials conducted by investigators who previously served or currently serve as scientific advisors or consultants to us from time to time and receive cash compensation in connection with such services or otherwise receive compensation from us that could be deemed to impact study outcome, proprietary interests in a product candidate, certain company equity interests, or significant payments of other sorts. 

50 

Table of Contents  

We cannot assure you that upon inspection by a given regulatory authority, such regulatory authority will determine that any of our clinical trials complies with GCP regulations. In addition, our clinical trials must be conducted with product candidates that were produced under cGMP regulations. Our failure to comply with these regulations may require us to repeat clinical trials, which would delay the regulatory approval process. We also are required to register certain clinical trials and post the results of certain completed clinical trials on a government sponsored database, ClinicalTrials.gov, within specified timeframes. Failure to do so can result in enforcement actions and adverse publicity. 

Our CROs may also have relationships with other entities, some of which may be our competitors, for whom they may also be conducting clinical trials or other drug development activities that could harm our competitive position. In addition, our CROs are not our employees, and except for remedies available to us under our agreements with such CROs, we cannot control whether or not they devote sufficient time and resources to our ongoing clinical, non clinical, and preclinical programs. If these third parties do not successfully carry out their contractual duties, meet expected deadlines or conduct our preclinical studies or clinical trials in accordance with regulatory requirements or our stated protocols, if they need to be replaced or if the quality or accuracy of the clinical data they obtain is compromised due to the failure to adhere to our clinical protocols or regulatory requirements or for other reasons, our clinical trials may be extended, delayed, or terminated and we may not be able to obtain, or may be delayed in obtaining, marketing approvals for our product candidates and will not be able to, or may be delayed in our efforts to, successfully commercialize our product candidates, or we or they may be subject to regulatory enforcement actions. As a result, our results of operations and the commercial prospects for our product candidates would be harmed, our costs could increase and our ability to generate revenues could be delayed. To the extent we are unable to successfully identify and manage the performance of third party service providers in the future, our business may be materially and adversely affected. 

If any of our relationships with these third party CROs terminate, we may not be able to enter into arrangements with alternative CROs or to do so on commercially reasonable terms. Switching or adding additional CROs involves additional cost and requires management time and focus. In addition, there is a natural transition period when a new CRO commences work. As a result, delays could occur, which could compromise our ability to meet our desired development timelines. Though we carefully manage our relationships with our CROs, there can be no assurance that we will not encounter similar challenges or delays in the future or that these delays or challenges will not have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and prospects, and results of operations. 

If the manufacturers upon whom we rely fail to produce our product candidates in the volumes that we require on a timely basis, or to comply with stringent regulations applicable to pharmaceutical drug manufacturers, we may face delays in the development and commercialization of, or be unable to meet demand for, our products and may lose potential revenues. 

We do not manufacture any of our product candidates, and we do not currently plan to develop any capacity to do so. We currently outsource all manufacturing of our product candidates to third parties typically without any guarantee that there will be sufficient supplies to fulfill our requirements or that we may obtain such supplies on acceptable terms. Any delays in obtaining adequate supplies with respect to our product candidates may delay the development or commercialization of our product candidates. Moreover, we do not yet have agreements established regarding commercial supply of our product candidates, and we may not be able to establish or maintain commercial manufacturing arrangements on commercially reasonable terms for AXS 02, AXS 05, or any other of our current or future product candidates for which we obtain approval in the future. 

51 

Table of Contents  

We may not succeed in our efforts to establish manufacturing relationships or other alternative arrangements for any of our existing or future product candidates and programs. Our product candidates may compete with other products and product candidates for access to manufacturing facilities. There are a limited number of manufacturers that operate under cGMP regulations and that are both capable of manufacturing for us and willing to do so. If our existing third party manufacturers, or the third parties that we engage in the future to manufacture a product for commercial sale or for our clinical trials, should cease to continue to do so for any reason, we likely would experience delays in obtaining sufficient quantities of our product candidates for us to meet commercial demand or to advance our clinical trials while we identify and qualify replacement suppliers. If for any reason we are unable to obtain adequate supplies of our product candidates or the drug substances used to manufacture them, it will be more difficult for us to develop our product candidates and compete effectively. Further, even if we do establish such collaborations or arrangements, our third party manufacturers may breach, terminate, or not renew these agreements. 

Any problems or delays we experience in preparing for commercial scale manufacturing of a product candidate may result in a delay in FDA approval of the product candidate or may impair our ability to manufacture commercial quantities or such quantities at an acceptable cost, which could result in the delay, prevention, or impairment of clinical development and commercialization of our product candidates and could adversely affect our business. For example, our manufacturers will need to produce specific batches of our product candidates to demonstrate acceptable stability under various conditions and for commercially viable lengths of time. We and our contract manufacturers will need to demonstrate to the FDA and other regulatory authorities that this is acceptable stability data for our product candidates, as well as validate methods and manufacturing processes, in order to receive regulatory approval to commercialize AXS 02, AXS 05, or any of our other current or future product candidates. Furthermore, if our commercial manufacturers fail to deliver the required commercial quantities of bulk drug substance or finished product on a timely basis and at commercially reasonable prices, we would likely be unable to meet demand for our products and we would lose potential revenues. 

We only have one contract manufacturer for each of AXS 02 and AXS 05 for use in our clinical trials. In addition, we do not have any long term commitments from our suppliers of clinical trial material or guaranteed prices for our product candidates. The manufacture of pharmaceutical products requires significant expertise and capital investment, including the development of advanced manufacturing techniques and process controls. Manufacturers of pharmaceutical products often encounter difficulties in production, particularly in scaling up initial production. These problems include difficulties with production costs and yields; quality control, including stability of the product candidate and quality assurance testing; shortages of qualified personnel; and compliance with strictly enforced federal, state, and foreign regulations. Our manufacturers may not perform as agreed. If our manufacturers were to encounter any of these difficulties, our ability to provide product candidates to patients in our clinical trials and for commercial use, if approved, would be jeopardized. 

52 

Table of Contents  

In addition, all manufacturers of our product candidates must comply with cGMP requirements enforced by the FDA that are applicable to both finished drug products and active pharmaceutical ingredients used both for clinical and commercial supply, through its facilities inspection program. Our manufacturers must be approved by the FDA pursuant to inspections that will be conducted after we submit our marketing applications to the agency. The cGMP requirements include quality control, quality assurance, and the maintenance of records and documentation. Manufacturers of our product candidates may be unable to comply with our specifications, these cGMP requirements and with other FDA, state, and foreign regulatory requirements. If our contract manufacturers cannot successfully manufacture material that conforms to our specifications and the strict regulatory requirements of the FDA or other regulatory authorities, they will not be able to secure or maintain regulatory approval for their manufacturing facilities. While we are ultimately responsible for the manufacture of our product candidates, other than through our contractual arrangements, we have little control over our manufacturers  compliance with these regulations and standards. If the FDA or a comparable foreign regulatory authority does not approve these facilities for the manufacture of our product candidates or if it withdraws any such approval in the future, we may need to find alternative manufacturing facilities, which would significantly impact our ability to develop, obtain regulatory approval for, or market our product candidates, if approved. A failure to comply with these requirements may result in regulatory enforcement actions against our manufacturers or us, including fines and civil and criminal penalties, including imprisonment; suspension or restrictions of production; suspension, delay, or denial of product approval or supplements to approved products; clinical holds or termination of clinical studies; warning or untitled letters; regulatory authority communications warning the public about safety issues with the drug; refusal to permit the import or export of the products; product seizure, detention, or recall; suits under the civil False Claims Act; corporate integrity agreements; consent decrees; or withdrawal of product approval. If the safety of any quantities supplied is compromised due to our manufacturers  failure to adhere to applicable laws or for other reasons, we may not be able to obtain regulatory approval for or successfully commercialize our product candidates. 

Any failure or refusal to supply our product candidates or components for our current or future product candidates that we may develop could delay, prevent, or impair our clinical development or commercialization efforts. Any change in our manufacturers could be costly because the commercial terms of any new arrangement could be less favorable and because the expenses relating to the transfer of necessary technology and processes could be significant. 

We may rely on third parties to perform many essential services for any products that we commercialize, including services related to warehousing and inventory control, distribution, government price reporting, customer service, accounts receivable management, cash collection, and adverse event reporting. If these third parties fail to perform as expected or to comply with legal and regulatory requirements, our ability to commercialize AXS 02, AXS 05, or any other of our current or future product candidates will be significantly impacted and we may be subject to regulatory sanctions. 

We may retain third party service providers to perform a variety of functions related to the sale and distribution of AXS 02, AXS 05, or any other of our current or future product candidates, key aspects of which will be out of our direct control. These service providers may provide key services related to warehousing and inventory control, distribution, government price reporting, customer service, accounts receivable management, and cash collection, and, as a result, most of our inventory may be stored at a single warehouse maintained by one such service provider. If we retain a service provider, we would substantially rely on it as well as other third party providers that perform services for us, including entrusting our inventories of products to their care and handling. If these third party service providers fail to comply with applicable laws and regulations, fail to meet expected deadlines, or otherwise do not carry out their contractual duties to us, or encounter physical or natural damage at their facilities, our ability to deliver product to meet commercial demand would be significantly impaired and we may be subject to regulatory enforcement action. 

In addition, we may engage third parties to perform various other services for us relating to adverse event reporting, safety database management, fulfillment of requests for medical information regarding our product candidates and related services. If the quality or accuracy of the data maintained by these service providers is insufficient, or these third parties otherwise fail to comply with regulatory requirements related to adverse event reporting, we could be subject to regulatory sanctions. 

Additionally, if a third party errs in calculating government pricing information from transactional data in our financial records, it could impact our discount and rebate liability. 

53 

Table of Contents  

Any collaboration arrangements that we are a party to or may enter into in the future may not be successful, which could adversely affect our ability to develop and commercialize our product candidates. 

Our business model is to commercialize our product candidates in the United States and generally to seek future collaboration arrangements with pharmaceutical or biotechnology companies for the development or commercialization of our product candidates in the rest of the world. We currently have not entered into any sub license agreements. Our future collaboration arrangements may not be successful, and the success of them will depend heavily on the efforts and activities of our collaborators. Collaborators generally have significant discretion in determining the efforts and resources that they will apply to these collaboration arrangements. Disagreements between parties to a collaboration arrangement regarding clinical development and commercialization matters can lead to delays in the development process or commercializing the applicable product candidate and, in some cases, termination of the collaboration arrangement. These disagreements can be difficult to resolve if neither of the parties has final decision making authority. 

We may license the right to market and sell our product candidates under our collaborators  labeler codes. Alternatively, we may enter into agreements with collaborators to market and sell our product candidates under our own labeler code, in which case errors and omissions by collaborators in capturing and transmitting transactional data may impact the accuracy of our government price reporting. 

Collaborations with pharmaceutical companies and other third parties often are terminated or allowed to expire by the other party. Any such termination or expiration would adversely affect us financially and could harm our business reputation. Any future collaborations we might enter into may pose a number of risks, including the following: 

collaborators may not perform their obligations as expected; 

collaborators may not pursue development and commercialization of any product candidates that achieve regulatory approval or may elect not to continue or renew development or commercialization programs based on clinical trial results, changes in the collaborators  strategic focus or available funding, or external factors, such as an acquisition, that divert resources or create competing priorities; 

collaborators may delay clinical trials, provide insufficient funding for a clinical trial program, stop a clinical trial or abandon a product candidate, repeat or conduct new clinical trials, or require a new formulation of a product candidate for clinical testing; 

collaborators could fail to make timely regulatory submissions for a product candidate; 

collaborators may not comply with all applicable regulatory requirements or may fail to report safety data in accordance with all applicable regulatory requirements; 

collaborators could independently develop, or develop with third parties, products that compete directly or indirectly with our products or product candidates if the collaborators believe that competitive products are more likely to be successfully developed or can be commercialized under terms that are more economically attractive than ours; 

product candidates discovered in collaboration with us may be viewed by our collaborators as competitive with their own product candidates or products, which may cause collaborators to cease to devote resources to the commercialization of our product candidates; 

a collaborator with marketing and distribution rights to one or more of our product candidates that achieve regulatory approval may not commit sufficient resources to the marketing and distribution of such product candidate or product; 

54 

Table of Contents  

disagreements with collaborators, including disagreements over proprietary rights, contract interpretation, or the preferred course of development, might cause delays or termination of the research, development, or commercialization of product candidates, might lead to additional responsibilities for us with respect to product candidates, or might result in litigation or arbitration, any of which would be time consuming and expensive; 

collaborators may not properly maintain or defend our intellectual property rights or may use our proprietary information in such a way as to invite litigation that could jeopardize or invalidate our intellectual property or proprietary information or expose us to potential litigation; and 

collaborators may infringe the intellectual property rights of third parties, which may expose us to litigation and potential liability. 

If any collaborations we might enter into in the future do not result in the successful development and commercialization of products or if one of our collaborators subsequently terminates its agreement with us, we may not receive any future research funding or milestone or royalty payments under the collaboration. If we do not receive the funding we expect under the agreements, our development of our product candidates could be delayed and we may need additional resources to develop our product candidates and our product platform. 

Additionally, if any future collaborator of ours is involved in a business combination, the collaborator might deemphasize or terminate development or commercialization of any product candidate licensed to it by us. If one of our collaborators terminates its agreement with us, we may find it more difficult to attract new collaborators and our reputation in the business and financial communities could be adversely affected. 

For AXS 02, AXS 05, and any other current or future product candidates, we may in the future determine to collaborate with additional pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies for their development and potential commercialization. We face significant competition in seeking appropriate collaborators. Our ability to reach a definitive agreement for collaboration will depend upon, among other things, our assessment of the collaborator s resources and expertise, the terms and conditions of the proposed collaboration, and the proposed collaborator s evaluation of a number of factors. If we are unable to reach agreements with suitable collaborators on a timely basis, on acceptable terms, or at all, we may have to curtail the development of a product candidate, reduce or delay its development program or one or more of our other development programs, delay its potential commercialization or reduce the scope of any sales or marketing activities, or increase our expenditures and undertake development or commercialization activities at our own expense. If we elect to fund and undertake development or commercialization activities on our own, we may need to obtain additional expertise and additional capital, which may not be available to us on acceptable terms, or at all. If we fail to enter into collaborations and do not have sufficient funds or expertise to undertake the necessary development and commercialization activities, we may not be able to further develop our product candidates or bring them to market or continue to develop our product platform and our business may be materially and adversely affected. 

55 

Table of Contents  

We are dependent on third parties to decide to utilize AXS 02 and AXS 05 to make them readily available at the point of care throughout their networks of pharmacies. 

In addition to extensive internal efforts, the successful commercialization of AXS 02 and AXS 05 will require many third parties, over whom we have no control, to decide to utilize AXS 02 and AXS 05, and to make them readily available at the point of care throughout their networks of pharmacies. These third parties include HMOs, long term care facilities, and pharmacy benefit managers, or PBMs, which use pharmacy and therapeutics committees, commonly referred to as P T committees, to make purchasing and reimbursement decisions. Generally, before an HMO or long term care facility will acquire AXS 02 or AXS 05 for its own pharmacies, or a PBM will pay retail network pharmacies on behalf of its health plans, AXS 02 and AXS 05 must be approved for addition to that organization s list of approved drugs, or formulary list, by the organization s P T committee. An institutional P T committee typically governs all matters pertaining to the use of medications within the institution, including review of medication formulary data and recommendations for the appropriate use of drugs within the institution to the medical staff. PBM P T committees develop the criteria for plan beneficiaries to access prescription medication, including such cost control measures as step therapy and prior authorization. The frequency of P T committee meetings varies considerably, and P T committees often require additional information to aid in their decision making process, so we may experience substantial delays in obtaining formulary approvals. Additionally, P T committees may be concerned that the cost of acquiring AXS 02 or AXS 05 for use in their institutions or reimbursing retail pharmacies outweighs clinical benefits and will resist efforts to add AXS 02 or AXS 05 to the formulary, or implement restrictions on the usage of the drug in order to control costs. We cannot guarantee that we will be successful in getting the approvals we need from enough P T committees quickly enough to maintain and grow sales of AXS 02 or AXS 05. 

We are dependent upon our license agreements with an entity owned by our Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board related to the development of our current product candidates, and if the agreements are terminated for any reason our business will be materially harmed. 

In 2012, we entered into three exclusive license agreements with Antecip Bioventures II LLC, or Antecip, an entity owned by our Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board, Herriot Tabuteau, M.D., in which we were granted exclusive licenses to develop, manufacture, and commercialize Antecip s patents and applications related to the development of AXS 02 and AXS 05, as well as AXS 04, a product candidate that is currently in early stage development, anywhere in the world for veterinary and human therapeutic and diagnostic use. The agreements were amended in August 2015 to update the schedule of patents and applications subject to the license agreements. Pursuant to the agreements, we are required to use commercially reasonable efforts to develop, obtain regulatory approval for, and commercialize AXS 02, AXS 05, and AXS 04. Under the terms of the agreements, we are required to pay to Antecip a royalty equal to 4.5% for AXS 02, 3.0% for AXS 05, and 1.5% for AXS 04, of net sales of products containing the licensed technology by us, our affiliates, or permitted sublicensees. These royalty payments are subject to reduction by an amount up to 50.0% of any required payments to third parties. Unless earlier terminated by a party for cause or by us for convenience, the agreements remain in effect on a product by product and country by country basis until the later to occur of (1) the applicable product is no longer covered by a valid claim in that country or (2) 10 years from the first commercial sale of the applicable product in that country. Upon expiration of the agreements with respect to a product in a country, our license grant for that product in that country will become a fully paid up, royalty free, perpetual non exclusive license. If Antecip terminates any of the agreements for cause, or if we exercise our right to terminate any of the agreements for convenience, the rights granted to us under such terminated agreement will revert to Antecip. To date, we have not been required to make any payments to Antecip under any of the license agreements. If any of the license agreements with Antecip are terminated for any reason, our business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects will be materially harmed. 

56 

Table of Contents  

RISKS RELATED TO INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY 

It is difficult and costly to protect our proprietary rights and as a result we may not be able to ensure their protection. In addition, patents have a limited lifespan and will eventually expire. 

Market exclusivity awarded by the FDA upon the approval of an NDA is limited in scope and duration. Our commercial success will depend in part on obtaining, maintaining, enforcing, and defending against third party challenges, our patent and trade secret protection for AXS 02, AXS 05, and any other of our current and future product candidates that we may develop, license, or acquire, and the related manufacturing methods. We will only be able to fully protect our technologies from unauthorized use by third parties to the extent that valid and enforceable patents or trade secrets cover them. 

The patent prosecution process is expensive and time consuming, and we may not be able to file and prosecute all necessary or desirable patent applications at a reasonable cost or in a timely manner. It is also possible that we will fail to identify patentable aspects of our research and development output before it is too late to obtain patent protection. Moreover, should we enter into additional collaborations we may be required to consult with or cede control to collaborators regarding the prosecution, maintenance, and enforcement of our patents. Therefore, these patents and applications may not be prosecuted and enforced in a manner consistent with the best interests of our business. The patent positions of pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies can be highly uncertain and involve complex legal and factual questions for which important legal principles remain unresolved. No consistent policy regarding the breadth of claims allowed in pharmaceutical or biotechnology patents has emerged to date in the United States. The patent situation outside the United States is even more uncertain. Changes in either the patent laws or in interpretations of patent laws in the United States and other countries may diminish the value of our intellectual property. Accordingly, we cannot predict the breadth of claims that may be allowed or enforced in our patents or in third party patents. The degree of future protection for our proprietary rights is uncertain because legal means afford only limited protection and may not adequately protect our rights or permit us to gain or keep our competitive advantage. Moreover, the patent application process is also subject to numerous risks and uncertainties, and there can be no assurance that we or any of our future development partners will be successful in protecting AXS 02, AXS 05, or any other of our current or future product candidates that we may develop, license, or acquire by obtaining and defending patents. For example: 

we may not have been the first to make the inventions covered by each of our pending patent applications and issued patents; 

we may not have been the first to file patent applications for these inventions; 

others may independently develop similar or alternative technologies or duplicate any of our product candidates or technologies; 

it is possible that none of the pending patent applications will result in issued patents; 

the issued patents may not cover commercially viable active products, may not provide us with any competitive advantages, or may be successfully challenged by third parties; 

we may not develop additional proprietary technologies that are patentable; 

patents of others may have an adverse effect on our business; 

noncompliance with governmental patent agencies requirements can result in abandonment or lapse of a patent or patent application, resulting in partial or complete loss of patent rights in the relevant jurisdiction, potentially allowing competitors to enter the market earlier than would otherwise have been the case; 

57 

Table of Contents  

our competitors, many of whom have substantially greater resources than we do and many of whom have made significant investments in competing technologies, may seek or may have already obtained patents that will limit, interfere with, or eliminate our ability to make, use, and sell our potential product candidates; or 

there may be significant pressure on the U.S. government and international governmental bodies to limit the scope of available patent protection both inside and outside the United States for disease treatments that prove successful, as a matter of public policy regarding worldwide health concerns. 

Patents have a limited lifespan. In most countries, including the United States, the expiration of a patent is typically 20 years from the date that the application for the patent is filed. Various extensions of patent term may be available in particular countries; however, in all circumstances the life of a patent, and the protection it affords, has a limited term. If we encounter delays in obtaining regulatory approvals, the period of time during which we could market a product under patent protection could be reduced. We expect to seek extensions of patent terms where these are available in any countries where we are prosecuting patents. Such possible extensions include those permitted under the Drug Price Competition and Patent Term Restoration Act of 1984 in the United States, which permits a patent term extension of up to five years to cover an FDA approved product. The actual length of the extension will depend on the amount of patent term lost while the product was in clinical trials. However, the applicable authorities, including the USPTO and the FDA in the United States, and any equivalent regulatory authority in other countries, may not agree with our assessment of whether such extensions are available, and may refuse to grant extensions to our patents, or may grant more limited extensions than we request. If this occurs, our competitors may be able to take advantage of our investment in development and clinical trials by referencing our clinical and preclinical data, and then may be able to launch their product earlier than might otherwise be the case. 

Recent patent reform legislation could increase the uncertainties and costs surrounding the prosecution of our patent applications and the enforcement or defense of our issued patents. 

On September 16, 2011, the Leahy Smith America Invents Act, or the Leahy Smith Act, was signed into law. The Leahy Smith Act includes a number of significant changes to United States patent law. These include provisions that affect the way patent applications are prosecuted and may also affect patent litigation. The United States Patent Office recently developed new regulations and procedures to govern administration of the Leahy Smith Act, and many of the substantive changes to patent law associated with the Leahy Smith Act, and in particular, the first to file provisions, only became effective on March 16, 2013. Accordingly, it is not clear what, if any, impact the Leahy Smith Act will have on the operation of our business. However, the Leahy Smith Act and its implementation could increase the uncertainties and costs surrounding the prosecution of our patent applications and the enforcement or defense of our issued patents, all of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects. 

Patent applications in the United States are maintained in confidence for at least 18 months after their earliest effective filing date. Consequently, we cannot be certain we were the first to invent or the first to file patent applications on AXS 02, AXS 05, or any other of our current or future product candidates that we may develop, license, or acquire. In the event that a third party has also filed a U.S. patent application relating to our product candidates or a similar invention, we may have to participate in interference proceedings declared by the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office to determine priority of invention in the United States. The costs of these proceedings could be substantial and it is possible that our efforts would be unsuccessful, resulting in a material adverse effect on our U.S. patent position. The results of these types of proceedings may reduce the scope of, or invalidate, our patent rights, allow third parties to commercialize our technology or products and compete directly with us, without payment to us, or result in our inability to manufacture or commercialize products without infringing third party patent rights. In addition, if the breadth or strength of protection provided by our patents and patent applications is threatened, it could dissuade companies from collaborating with us to license, develop, or commercialize current or future product candidates. Such results could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects. 

58 

Table of Contents  

In addition, the patentability of claims in pending patent applications covering AXS 02, AXS 05, or any other of our current or future product candidates can be challenged by third parties during prosecution in the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office, for example by third party observations and derivation proceedings, and the validity of claims in issued patents can be challenged by third parties in various post grant proceedings such as post grant review, reexamination, and inter partes review proceedings. 

Furthermore, we may not have identified all United States and foreign patents or published applications that affect our business either by blocking our ability to commercialize our drugs or by covering similar technologies that affect our drug market. In addition, some countries, including many in Europe, do not grant patent claims directed to methods of treating humans, and in these countries patent protection may not be available at all to protect our product candidates. Even if patents issue, we cannot guarantee that the claims of those patents will be valid and enforceable or provide us with any significant protection against competitive products, or otherwise be commercially valuable to us. 

We also rely on trade secrets to protect our technology, particularly where we do not believe patent protection is appropriate or obtainable. However, trade secrets are difficult to protect. While we use reasonable efforts to protect our trade secrets, our licensors, employees, consultants, contractors, outside scientific collaborators, and other advisors may unintentionally or willfully disclose our information to competitors. Enforcing a claim that a third party illegally obtained and is using our trade secrets is expensive and time consuming, and the outcome is unpredictable. In addition, courts outside the United States are sometimes less willing to protect trade secrets. Moreover, our competitors may independently develop equivalent knowledge, methods, and know how. 

Obtaining and maintaining our patent protection depends on compliance with various procedural, documentary, fee payment, and other requirements imposed by governmental patent agencies, and our patent protection could be reduced or eliminated for noncompliance with these requirements. 

The USPTO and various foreign governmental patent agencies require compliance with a number of procedural, documentary, fee payment, and other similar provisions during the patent prosecution process. Periodic maintenance fees, renewal fees, annuity fees, and various other governmental fees on patents or patent applications will be due to be paid to the USPTO and various patent agencies outside of the United States in several stages over the lifetime of the patents and applications. We have systems in place to remind us to pay these fees, and we employ and rely on reputable law firms and other professionals to effect payment of these fees to the USPTO and non U.S. patent agencies for the patents and patent applications we own and those that we in license. We also employ reputable law firms and other professionals to help us comply with the various documentary and other procedural requirements with respect to the patents and patent applications that we own and those that we in license. In some cases, an inadvertent lapse can be cured by payment of a late fee or by other means in accordance with the applicable rules. However, there are situations in which noncompliance can result in abandonment or lapse of the patent or patent application, resulting in partial or complete loss of patent rights in the relevant jurisdiction. In such an event, our competitors might be able to enter the market and this circumstance would have a material adverse effect on our business. 

59 

Table of Contents  

If we or any future collaboration partner are sued for infringing intellectual property rights of third parties, it will be costly and time consuming, and an unfavorable outcome in any litigation would harm our business. 

Our ability to develop, manufacture, market, and sell AXS 02, AXS 05, and any other of our current and future product candidates depends upon our ability to avoid infringing the proprietary rights of third parties, and our commercial success depends upon our ability, and the ability of our collaborators, to develop, manufacture, market, and sell our product candidates and use our proprietary technologies without infringing the proprietary rights of third parties. There is considerable intellectual property litigation in the biotechnology and pharmaceutical industries. Numerous U.S. and foreign issued patents and pending patent applications, which are owned by third parties, exist in the general field of treatment and management of pain and other CNS disorders and cover the use of numerous compounds and formulations in our targeted markets. Third parties may assert infringement claims against us based on existing patents or patents that may be granted in the future. Because of the uncertainty inherent in any patent or other litigation involving proprietary rights, we and our licensors may not be successful in defending intellectual property claims by third parties, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects. Regardless of the outcome of any litigation, defending the litigation may be expensive, time consuming, and distracting to management. In addition, because patent applications can take many years to issue, there may be currently pending applications, unknown to us, which may later result in issued patents that AXS 02, AXS 05, or any other of our current or future product candidates may infringe. There could also be existing patents of which we are not aware that AXS 02, AXS 05, or any other of our current or future product candidates may inadvertently infringe. 

If a third party claims that we infringe on their products or technology, we could face a number of issues, including: 

infringement and other intellectual property claims which, whether meritorious or not, can be expensive and time consuming to litigate and can divert management s attention from our core business; 

substantial damages for past infringement which we may have to pay if a court decides that our product infringes on a competitor s patent; 

a court prohibiting us from selling or licensing our product unless the patent holder licenses the patent to us, which it would not be required to do; 

if a license is available from a patent holder, we may have to pay substantial royalties or grant cross licenses to our patents; and 

redesigning our product candidates and processes so they do not infringe, which may not be possible or could require substantial funds and time. 

If we are found to infringe a third party s intellectual property rights, we could be required to obtain a license from such third party to continue developing and marketing our products and technology. However, we may not be able to obtain any required license on commercially reasonable terms, or at all. Even if we were able to obtain a license, it could be non exclusive, thereby giving our competitors access to the same technologies licensed to us. We could be forced, including by court order, to cease commercializing the infringing technology or product. In addition, we could be found liable for monetary damages, including treble damages and attorneys  fees if we are found to have willfully infringed a patent. A finding of infringement could prevent us from commercializing our product candidates or force us to cease some of our business operations, which could materially harm our business. Claims that we have misappropriated the confidential information or trade secrets of third parties could have a similar negative impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects. 

60 

Table of Contents  

We may be involved in lawsuits to protect or enforce our patents or the patents of our licensors, which could be expensive, time consuming, and unsuccessful. 

Competitors may infringe our issued patents, our in licensed patents, or other intellectual property that we own or in license. Under the terms of our license agreements with Antecip, if we believe a third party is infringing on the patents subject to the licenses, we are obligated, at our own expense, to initiate suit against those third parties. To counter infringement or unauthorized use, we may be required to file infringement claims, which can be expensive and time consuming. Any claims we assert against perceived infringers could provoke these parties to assert counterclaims against us alleging that we infringe their patents. In addition, in a patent infringement proceeding, a court may decide that a patent of ours is invalid or unenforceable, in whole or in part; construe the patent s claims narrowly; or refuse to stop the other party from using the technology at issue on the grounds that our patents do not cover the technology in question. An adverse result in any litigation proceeding could put one or more of our patents at risk of being invalidated or interpreted narrowly. Furthermore, because of the substantial amount of discovery required in connection with intellectual property litigation, there is a risk that some of our confidential information could be compromised by disclosure during this type of litigation. 

Most of our competitors are larger than we are and have substantially greater resources than we do. They are, therefore, likely to be able to sustain the costs of complex patent litigation longer than we could. In addition, the uncertainties associated with litigation could have a material adverse effect on our ability to raise the funds necessary to continue our clinical trials, continue our internal research programs, in license needed technology, or enter into development partnerships that would help us bring our product candidates to market. 

We may need to license certain intellectual property from third parties, and such licenses may not be available or may not be available on commercially reasonable terms. 

A third party may hold intellectual property, including patent rights that are important or necessary to the development or commercialization of our products. It may be necessary for us to use the patented or proprietary technology of third parties to commercialize our products, in which case we would be required to obtain a license from these third parties. Such a license may not be available on commercially reasonable terms, or at all, which could materially harm our business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects. 

We may be subject to claims that our employees, independent contractors, or consultants have wrongfully used or disclosed alleged trade secrets of their former employers or other third parties. 

As is common in the biotechnology and pharmaceutical industry, we employ individuals who were previously employed at other biotechnology or pharmaceutical companies, including our competitors or potential competitors. Although no claims against us are currently pending, we may be subject to claims that these individuals or we have inadvertently or otherwise used or disclosed trade secrets or other proprietary information of their former employers. Litigation may be necessary to defend against these claims. Even if we are successful in defending against these claims, litigation could result in substantial costs and be a distraction to management. 

61 

Table of Contents  

We may be unable to adequately prevent disclosure of trade secrets and other proprietary information. 

We rely on trade secrets to protect our proprietary technological advances and know how, especially where we do not believe patent protection is appropriate or obtainable. However, trade secrets are difficult to protect. We rely in part on confidentiality agreements with our employees, consultants, contractors, outside scientific collaborators, sponsored researchers, and other advisors, including the third parties we rely on to manufacture our product candidates, to protect our trade secrets and other proprietary information. However, any party with whom we have executed such an agreement may breach that agreement and disclose our proprietary information, including our trade secrets. Accordingly, these agreements may not effectively prevent disclosure of confidential information and may not provide an adequate remedy in the event of unauthorized disclosure of confidential information. Costly and time consuming litigation could be necessary to enforce and determine the scope of our proprietary rights. In addition, others may independently discover our trade secrets and proprietary information. Further, the FDA, as part of its Transparency Initiative, a proposal to increase disclosure and make data more accessible to the public, is currently considering whether to make additional information publicly available on a routine basis, including information that we may consider to be trade secrets or other proprietary information, and it is not clear at the present time how the FDA s disclosure policies may change in the future, if at all. Failure to obtain or maintain trade secret protection could enable competitors to use our proprietary information to develop products that compete with our products or cause additional, material adverse effects upon our competitive business position and financial results. 

We or our licensors may not be able to protect our intellectual property rights throughout the world. 

Filing, prosecuting, and defending patents on product candidates in all countries throughout the world would be prohibitively expensive, and our intellectual property rights in some countries outside the United States can be less extensive than those in the United States. In addition, the laws of some foreign countries do not protect intellectual property rights to the same extent as federal and state laws in the United States. Consequently, we may not be able to prevent third parties from practicing our inventions in all countries outside the United States, or from selling or importing products made using our inventions in and into the United States or other jurisdictions. Competitors may use our technologies in jurisdictions where we have not obtained patent protection to develop their own products and further, may export otherwise infringing products to territories where we have patent protection, but enforcement rights are not as strong as those in the United States. These products may compete with our product candidates and our patents or other intellectual property rights may not be effective or sufficient to prevent them from competing. 

Many companies have encountered significant problems in protecting and defending intellectual property rights in foreign jurisdictions. The legal systems of certain countries do not favor the enforcement of patents and other intellectual property protection, which could make it difficult for us to stop the infringement of our patents generally. Proceedings to enforce our patent rights in foreign jurisdictions could result in substantial costs and divert our efforts and attention from other aspects of our business, could put our patents at risk of being invalidated or interpreted narrowly and our patent applications at risk of not issuing, and could provoke third parties to assert claims against us. We may not prevail in any lawsuits that we initiate and the damages or other remedies awarded, if any, may not be commercially meaningful. Accordingly, our efforts to enforce our or our licensors  intellectual property rights around the world may be inadequate to obtain a significant commercial advantage from the intellectual property that we develop or license. 

62 

Table of Contents  

RISKS RELATED TO LEGAL AND COMPLIANCE MATTERS 

If we fail to comply with federal and state healthcare laws, including fraud and abuse and health and other information privacy and security laws, we could face substantial penalties and our business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects could be adversely affected. 

As a pharmaceutical company, we are subject to many federal and state healthcare laws, such as the federal Anti Kickback Statute, the federal civil and criminal False Claims Act, the civil monetary penalties statute, the Medicaid Drug Rebate statute and other price reporting requirements, the Veterans Health Care Act of 1992, the federal Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 (as amended by the Health Information Technology for Economics and Clinical Health Act), the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act of 2010, and similar state laws. Even though we do not and will not control referrals of healthcare services or bill directly to Medicare, Medicaid, or other third party payors, certain federal and state healthcare laws and regulations pertaining to fraud and abuse and patients  rights are and will be applicable to our business. We would be subject to healthcare fraud and abuse by both the federal government and the states in which we conduct our business. 

If we or our operations are found to be in violation of any federal or state healthcare law, or any other governmental regulations that apply to us, we may be subject to penalties, including civil, criminal, and administrative penalties, damages, fines, disgorgement, debarment from government contracts, refusal of orders under existing contracts, exclusion from participation in U.S. federal or state health care programs, corporate integrity agreements, and the curtailment or restructuring of our operations, any of which could materially adversely affect our ability to operate our business and our financial results. If any of the physicians or other healthcare providers or entities with whom we expect to do business, including our collaborators, is found not to be in compliance with applicable laws, it may be subject to criminal, civil, or administrative sanctions, including but not limited to, exclusions from participation in government healthcare programs, which could also materially affect our business. 

Although an effective compliance program can mitigate the risk of investigation and prosecution for violations of these laws, the risks cannot be entirely eliminated. Moreover, achieving and sustaining compliance with applicable federal and state fraud laws may prove costly. Any action against us for violation of these laws, even if we successfully defend against it, could cause us to incur significant legal expenses and divert our management s attention from the operation of our business. 

63 

Table of Contents  

If the government or third party payors fail to provide adequate coverage and payment rates for AXS 02, AXS 05, or any other of our current or future product candidates, or if HMOs or long term care facilities choose to use therapies that are less expensive, our revenue and prospects for profitability will be limited. 

In both domestic and foreign markets, sales of our future products will depend in part upon the availability of coverage and reimbursement from third party payors. Such third party payors include government health programs such as Medicare and Medicaid, managed care providers, private health insurers, and other organizations. Coverage decisions may depend upon clinical and economic standards that disfavor new drug products when more established or lower cost therapeutic alternatives are already available or subsequently become available. If reimbursement is not available, or is available only to limited levels, our product candidates may be competitively disadvantaged, and we, or our collaborators, may not be able to successfully commercialize our product candidates. Even if coverage is provided, the approved reimbursement amount may not be high enough to allow us, or our collaborators, to establish or maintain a market share sufficient to realize a sufficient return on our or their investments. Alternatively, securing favorable reimbursement terms may require us to compromise pricing and prevent us from realizing an adequate margin over cost. 

There is significant uncertainty related to third party payor coverage and reimbursement of newly approved drugs. Marketing approvals, pricing, and reimbursement for new drug products vary widely from country to country. Current and future legislation may significantly change the approval requirements in ways that could involve additional costs and cause delays in obtaining approvals. Some countries require approval of the sale price of a drug before it can be marketed. In many countries, the pricing review period begins after marketing or product licensing approval is granted. In some foreign markets, prescription pharmaceutical pricing remains subject to continuing governmental control even after initial approval is granted. As a result, we might obtain marketing approval for a product in a particular country, but then be subject to price regulations that delay commercial launch of the product, possibly for lengthy time periods, which may negatively impact the revenues we are able to generate from the sale of the product in that country. Adverse pricing limitations may hinder our ability or the ability of our collaborators to recoup our or their investment in one or more product candidates, even if our product candidates obtain marketing approval. Our ability, and the ability of our collaborators, to commercialize our product candidates will depend in part on the extent to which coverage and reimbursement for these products and related treatments will be available from government health administration authorities, private health insurers, and other organizations. Regulatory authorities and third party payors, such as private health insurers and health maintenance organizations, decide which medications they will cover and establish reimbursement levels. The healthcare industry is acutely focused on cost containment, both in the United States and elsewhere. Several third party payors are requiring that drug companies provide them with predetermined discounts from list prices, are using preferred drug lists to leverage greater discounts in competitive classes, are disregarding therapeutic differentiators within classes, and are challenging the prices charged for drugs. Brand drugs without generic equivalents are often included in therapeutic classes with other brands that have generic versions and may be similarly disadvantaged by the availability of low cost alternatives within the class, particularly if a generic version of the same agent is available in another form. 

Third party payors, whether foreign or domestic, or governmental or commercial, are developing increasingly sophisticated methods of controlling healthcare costs. In addition, in the United States, no uniform policy of coverage and reimbursement for drug products exists among third party payors. Therefore, coverage and reimbursement for drug products can differ significantly from payor to payor. Further, we believe that future coverage and reimbursement will likely be subject to increased restrictions both in the United States and in international markets. Third party coverage and reimbursement for our products or product candidates for which we receive regulatory approval may not be available or adequate in either the United States or international markets, which could have a negative effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects. 

64 

Table of Contents  

Assuming coverage is approved, the resulting reimbursement payment rates might not be adequate. If payors subject our product candidates to maximum payment amounts, or impose limitations that make it difficult to obtain reimbursement, providers may choose to use therapies which are less expensive when compared to our product candidates. Additionally, if payors require high copayments, beneficiaries may decline prescriptions and seek alternative therapies. We may need to conduct post marketing studies in order to demonstrate the cost effectiveness of any future products to the satisfaction of hospitals and other target customers and their third party payors. Such studies might require us to commit a significant amount of management time and financial and other resources. Our future products might not ultimately be considered cost effective. Adequate third party coverage and reimbursement might not be available to enable us to maintain price levels sufficient to realize an appropriate return on investment in product development. 

In addition, federal programs impose penalties on manufacturers of drugs marketed under an NDA, including 505(b)(2) drugs, in the form of mandatory additional rebates and/or discounts if commercial prices increase at a rate greater than the Consumer Price Index Urban, and these rebates and/or discounts, which can be substantial, may impact our ability to raise commercial prices. Regulatory authorities and third party payors have attempted to control costs by limiting coverage and the amount of reimbursement for particular medications, which could affect our ability or that of our collaborators to sell our product candidates profitably. These payors may not view our products, if any, as cost effective, and coverage and reimbursement may not be available to our customers, or those of our collaborators, or may not be sufficient to allow our products, if any, to be marketed on a competitive basis. Cost control initiatives could cause us, or our collaborators, to decrease, discount, or rebate a portion of the price we, or they, might establish for products, which could result in lower than anticipated product revenues. If the realized prices for our products, if any, decrease or if governmental and other third party payors do not provide adequate coverage or reimbursement, our prospects for revenue and profitability will suffer. 

There may also be delays in obtaining coverage and reimbursement for newly approved drugs, and coverage may be more limited than the indications for which the drug is approved by the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities. Moreover, eligibility for reimbursement does not imply that any drug will be paid for in all cases or at a rate that covers our costs, including research, development, manufacture, sale, and distribution. Interim reimbursement levels for new drugs, if applicable, may also not be sufficient to cover our costs and may only be temporary. Reimbursement rates may vary, by way of example, according to the use of the drug and the clinical setting in which it is used. Reimbursement rates may also be based on reimbursement levels already set for lower cost drugs or may be incorporated into existing payments for other services. 

Prices paid for a drug also vary depending on the class of trade. Prices charged to government customers are subject to price controls, including ceilings, and private institutions obtain discounts through group purchasing organizations. Net prices for drugs may be further reduced by mandatory discounts or rebates required by government healthcare programs and demanded by private payors. Drugs approved under NDAs, including 505(b)(2) drugs, are subject to greater discounts and reporting obligations under federal programs than drugs approved under ANDAs, and the inflation penalty applicable to these products can equal the selling price. It is also not uncommon for market conditions to warrant multiple discounts to different customers on the same unit, such as purchase discounts to institutional care providers and rebates to the health plans that pay them, which reduces the net realization on the original sale. 

In addition, increasingly, third party payors are requiring higher levels of evidence of the benefits and clinical outcomes of new technologies and are challenging the prices charged. We, and our collaborators, cannot be sure that coverage will be available for any product candidate that we, or they, commercialize and, if available, that the reimbursement rates will be adequate. Further, the net reimbursement for drug products may be subject to additional reductions if there are changes to laws that presently restrict imports of drugs from countries where they may be sold at lower prices than in the United States. An inability to promptly obtain coverage and adequate payment rates from both government funded and private payors for any our product candidates for which we obtain marketing approval could have a material adverse effect on our operating results, our ability to raise capital needed to commercialize products, and our overall financial condition. 

65 

Table of Contents  

We are subject to new legislation, regulatory proposals, and healthcare payor initiatives that may increase our costs of compliance, and adversely affect our ability to market our products, obtain collaborators, and raise capital. 

In the United States and some foreign jurisdictions, there have been a number of legislative and regulatory changes and proposed changes regarding the healthcare system that could prevent or delay marketing approval of our product candidates, restrict or regulate post approval activities, and affect our ability, or the ability of our collaborators, to profitably sell any products for which we obtain marketing approval. We expect that current laws, as well as other healthcare reform measures that may be adopted in the future, may result in more rigorous coverage criteria and in additional downward pressure on the price that we, or our collaborators, may receive for any approved products. 

For example, legislative changes have been proposed and adopted since President Obama signed into law the Affordable Care Act, or ACA, in 2010. These changes include, among other things, aggregate reductions to Medicare payments to providers of up to 2% per fiscal year, which went effective on April 1, 2013. These new laws may result in additional reductions in Medicare and other healthcare funding, which could have a material adverse effect on customers for our drugs, if approved, and, accordingly, on our results of operations. 

While the full effect that the ACA may have on our business continues to evolve, we expect that the ACA, as well as other federal and state healthcare reform measures that may be adopted in the future, may result in more rigorous coverage criteria, increased regulatory burdens and operating costs, decreased net revenue from our pharmaceutical products, decreased potential returns from our development efforts, and additional downward pressure on the price that we receive for any approved drug. Any reduction in reimbursement from Medicare or other government healthcare programs may result in a similar reduction in payments from private payors. The implementation of cost containment measures or other healthcare reforms may prevent us from being able to generate revenue, attain profitability or commercialize our drugs. 

Legislative and regulatory proposals may also be made to expand post approval requirements and restrict sales and promotional activities for drugs. We cannot be sure whether additional legislative changes will be enacted, or whether the FDA regulations, guidance, or interpretations will be changed, or what the impact of such changes on the marketing approvals of our product candidates, if any, may be. In addition, increased scrutiny by the U.S. Congress of the FDA s approval process may significantly delay or prevent marketing approval, as well as subject us to more stringent product labeling and post marketing testing and other requirements. 

In addition, there have been a number of other legislative and regulatory proposals aimed at changing the pharmaceutical industry. For instance, the enacted Drug Quality and Security Act imposes obligations on manufacturers of pharmaceutical products related to product tracking and tracing. Among the requirements of this new legislation, manufacturers are required to provide certain information regarding the drug product to individuals and entities to which product ownership is transferred, will be required label drug product with a product identifier, and are required to keep certain records regarding the drug product. The transfer of information to subsequent product owners by manufacturers will eventually be required to be done electronically. Manufacturers are also required to verify that purchasers of the manufacturers  products are appropriately licensed. Further, under this legislation, manufactures have drug product investigation, quarantine, disposition, and FDA and trading partner notification responsibilities related to counterfeit, diverted, stolen, and intentionally adulterated products that would result in serious adverse health consequences of death to humans, as well as products that are the subject of fraudulent transactions or which are otherwise unfit for distribution such that they would be reasonably likely to result in serious health consequences or death. 

Compliance with the federal track and trace requirements may increase our operational expenses and impose significant administrative burdens. As a result of these and other new proposals, we may determine to change our current manner of operation, provide additional benefits, or change our contract arrangements, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

66 

Table of Contents  

Governments outside the United States tend to impose strict price controls, which may adversely affect our revenues, if any. 

In international markets, reimbursement and health care payment systems vary significantly by country, and many countries have instituted price ceilings on specific products and therapies. In some countries, particularly the countries of the European Union, the pricing of prescription pharmaceuticals is subject to governmental control. In these countries, pricing negotiations with governmental authorities can take considerable time after the receipt of marketing approval for a product. To obtain coverage and reimbursement or pricing approval in some countries, we may be required to conduct a clinical trial that compares the cost effectiveness of our product candidate to other available therapies. There can be no assurance that our products will be considered cost effective by third party payors, that an adequate level of reimbursement will be available, or that the third party payors  reimbursement policies will not adversely affect our ability to sell our products profitably. If reimbursement of our products is unavailable or limited in scope or amount, or if pricing is set at unsatisfactory levels, our business could be harmed, possibly materially. 

Our employees, independent contractors, consultants, commercial partners, principal investigators, or CROs may engage in misconduct or other improper activities, including noncompliance with regulatory standards and requirements, which could have a material adverse effect on our business. 

We are exposed to the risk of employee fraud or other misconduct. Misconduct by employees, independent contractors, consultants, commercial partners, principal investigators, or CROs could include intentional, reckless, negligent, or unintentional failures to comply with FDA regulations, comply with applicable fraud and abuse laws, provide accurate information to the FDA, report financial information or data accurately, or disclose unauthorized activities to us. This misconduct could also involve the improper use or misrepresentation of information obtained in the course of clinical trials, which could result in regulatory sanctions and serious harm to our reputation. It is not always possible to identify and deter this type of misconduct, and the precautions we take to detect and prevent this activity may not be effective in controlling unknown or unmanaged risks or losses or in protecting us from governmental investigations or other actions or lawsuits stemming from a failure to be in compliance with such laws or regulations. If any such actions are instituted against us, and we are not successful in defending ourselves or asserting our rights, those actions could have a significant impact on our business, financial condition, and results of operations, including the imposition of significant fines or other sanctions. 

Our third party manufacturers may use hazardous materials in the production of our product candidates and if so, they must comply with environmental laws and regulations, which can be expensive and restrict how we or they do business. 

Manufacturing activities for the production of our product candidates involve the controlled storage, use, and disposal of hazardous materials, including the components of our product candidates, and other hazardous compounds. Our third party manufacturers and we are subject to federal, state, and local laws and regulations governing the use, manufacture, storage, handling, release, and disposal of, and exposure to, these hazardous materials. Violation of these laws and regulations could lead to substantial fines and penalties. Although we believe that our safety procedures, and those of our third party manufacturers, for handling and disposing of these materials comply with the standards prescribed by these laws and regulations, we cannot eliminate the risk of accidental contamination or injury from these materials. In the event of an accident, state or federal authorities may curtail our use of these materials and interrupt our business operations. In addition, we could become subject to potentially material liabilities relating to the investigation and cleanup of any contamination, whether currently unknown or caused by future releases. 

Although we maintain workers  compensation insurance to cover us for costs and expenses we may incur due to injuries to our employees resulting from the use of hazardous materials, this insurance may not provide adequate coverage against potential liabilities. We do not maintain insurance for environmental liability or toxic tort claims that may be asserted against us in connection with our storage or disposal of biological, hazardous, or radioactive materials. 

67 

Table of Contents  

In addition, we may incur substantial costs in order to comply with current or future environmental, health, and safety laws and regulations. These current or future laws and regulations may impair our research, development, or production efforts. Our failure to comply with these laws and regulations also may result in substantial fines, penalties, or other sanctions. 

RISKS RELATED TO OUR BUSINESS OPERATIONS 

We will need to significantly increase the size of our organization, and we may experience difficulties in managing growth. 

As of November 9, 2016, we had only 16 full time employees and 5 key consultants. We will need to substantially expand our managerial, commercial, financial, manufacturing, and other personnel resources in order to manage our operations and prepare for the commercialization of AXS 02 and AXS 05, if approved. Our management, personnel, systems, and facilities currently in place may not be adequate to support this future growth. In addition, we may not be able to recruit and retain qualified personnel in the future, particularly for sales and marketing positions, due to competition for personnel among pharmaceutical businesses, and the failure to do so could have a significant negative impact on our future product revenues and business results. Our need to effectively manage our operations, growth and various projects requires that we: 

continue the hiring and training of personnel for an effective commercial organization in anticipation of the potential approval of AXS 02 and AXS 05, and establish appropriate systems, policies and infrastructure to support that organization; 

ensure that our consultants and other service providers successfully carry out their contractual obligations, provide high quality results, and meet expected deadlines; 

continue to carry out our own contractual obligations to our licensors and other third parties; and 

continue to improve our operational, financial, and management controls, reporting systems, and procedures. 

We may be unable to successfully implement these tasks on a larger scale and, accordingly, may not achieve our development and commercialization goals. 

We may acquire businesses or products, or form strategic alliances in the future, and we may not realize the benefits of such acquisitions or alliances. 

We may acquire additional businesses or products, form strategic alliances or create joint ventures with third parties that we believe will complement or augment our existing business. If we acquire businesses with promising markets or technologies, we may not be able to realize the benefit of acquiring such businesses if we are unable to successfully integrate them with our existing operations and company culture. We may encounter numerous difficulties in developing, manufacturing, and marketing any new products resulting from a strategic alliance or acquisition that delay or prevent us from realizing their expected benefits or enhancing our business. We cannot assure you that, following any such acquisition, we will achieve the expected synergies to justify the transaction. 

We may not be able to manage our business effectively if we are unable to attract and retain key personnel. 

We may not be able to attract or retain qualified management and commercial, scientific, and clinical personnel due to the intense competition for qualified personnel among biotechnology, pharmaceutical, and other businesses. If we are not able to attract and retain necessary personnel to accomplish our business objectives, we may experience constraints that will significantly impede the achievement of our development objectives, our ability to raise additional capital and our ability to implement our business strategy. 

68 

Table of Contents  

Our industry has experienced a high rate of turnover of management personnel in recent years. We are highly dependent on the skills and leadership of our management team, including Dr. Herriot Tabuteau, our Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board. We do not have formal employment agreements with any of our management team. However, we typically enter into offer letters with our executive officers and key personnel. Our senior management may terminate their employment with us at any time. If we lose one or more members of our senior management team, our ability to successfully implement our business strategy could be seriously harmed. Replacing these employees may be difficult and may take an extended period of time because of the limited number of individuals in our industry with the breadth of skills and experience required to develop, gain regulatory approval of, and commercialize products successfully. Competition to hire from this limited pool is intense, and we may be unable to hire, train, retain, or motivate additional key personnel. We do not maintain  key person  insurance for any of our executives or other employees. 

We will incur increased costs as a result of operating as a public company. 

As a public company, and particularly after we are no longer an emerging growth company, we will incur significant legal, accounting, and other expenses that we did not incur as a private company. The Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002, the Dodd Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, the listing requirements of the NASDAQ Capital Market and other applicable securities rules and regulations impose various requirements on public companies, including establishment and maintenance of effective disclosure and financial controls and corporate governance practices. Our management and other personnel will need to devote a substantial amount of time to these compliance initiatives. Moreover, these rules and regulations will increase our legal and financial compliance costs and will make some activities more time consuming and costly. For example, we expect that these rules and regulations may make it more difficult and more expensive for us to obtain director and officer liability insurance, which in turn could make it more difficult for us to attract and retain qualified members of our board of directors. 

If we fail to maintain proper and effective internal controls, our ability to produce accurate financial statements on a timely basis could be impaired. 

We are subject to the reporting requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002 and the rules and regulations of the NASDAQ Capital Market. Pursuant to Section 404 of the Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002, or Section 404, we will be required to furnish a report by our management on our internal control over financial reporting. However, while we remain an emerging growth company, we will not be required to include an attestation report on internal control over financial reporting issued by our independent registered public accounting firm. Commencing with our fiscal year ending December 31, 2016, we must perform system and process evaluation and testing of our internal control over financial reporting to allow management to report on the effectiveness of our internal controls over financial reporting in our Form 10 K filing for that year, as required by Section 404. 

To achieve compliance with Section 404 within the prescribed period, we will be engaged in a process to document and evaluate our internal control over financial reporting, which is both costly and challenging. In this regard, we will need to continue to dedicate internal resources, potentially engage outside consultants and adopt a detailed work plan to assess and document the adequacy of internal control over financial reporting, continue steps to improve control processes as appropriate, validate through testing that controls are functioning as documented, and implement a continuous reporting and improvement process for internal control over financial reporting. Despite our efforts, there is a risk that we will not be able to conclude, within the prescribed timeframe or at all, that our internal control over financial reporting is effective as required by Section 404. We have never been required to test, nor have we tested, our internal controls within a specified period, and, as a result, we may experience difficulty in meeting these reporting requirements in a timely manner. 

69 

Table of Contents  

We may discover weaknesses in our system of internal financial and accounting controls and procedures that could result in a material misstatement of our financial statements. For example, in July 2016, we concluded that a material weakness existed in our internal control over financial reporting related to the review of non-routine complex transactions and as a result we restated our financial statements for the quarter ended March 31, 2016 and the year ended December 31, 2015   in order   to record a non-cash premium to additional paid in capital  . A material weakness is a deficiency or combination of deficiencies in internal control over financial reporting that results in a more than reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. We cannot assure that any measures that we have taken or may take to correct this material weakness will fully remediate the deficiencies or material weakness described above. We also cannot assure you that we have identified all of our existing significant deficiencies and material weaknesses, or that we will not in the future have additional significant deficiencies or material weaknesses. 

Even after we are able to remediate the material weakness described above, our internal control over financial reporting will not prevent or detect all error and all fraud. A control system, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the control system s objectives will be met. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that misstatements due to error or fraud will not occur or that all control issues and instances of fraud will be detected. If we are not able to comply with the requirements of Section 404 in a timely manner, or if we identify one or more material weaknesses in our internal controls, investors could lose confidence in the reliability of our financial statements, the market price of our stock could decline and we could be subject to sanctions or investigations by The NASDAQ Capital Market, the SEC, or other regulatory authorities. 

Our business and operations would suffer in the event of system failures. 

Despite our implementation of security measures, our internal computer systems and those of our CROs and other contractors and consultants are vulnerable to damage from computer viruses, unauthorized access, natural disasters, terrorism, war, and telecommunication and electrical failures. If such an event were to occur and cause interruptions in our operations, it could result in a material disruption of our product candidate development programs. For example, the loss of clinical trial data from completed, ongoing, or planned clinical trials could result in delays in our regulatory approval efforts and significantly increase our costs to recover or reproduce the data. To the extent that any disruption or security breach were to result in a loss of or damage to our data or applications, or inappropriate disclosure of personal, confidential, or proprietary information, we could incur liability and the further development of any of our product candidates could be delayed. 

RISKS RELATED TO OWNERSHIP OF OUR COMMON STOCK 

An active trading market for our common stock may not be sustained. 

In November 2015, we closed our initial public offering. Prior to our initial public offering, there was no public market for shares of our common stock. Although we have completed our initial public offering and shares of our common stock are listed and trading on The NASDAQ Capital Market, an active trading market for our shares may not be sustained. If an active market for our common stock does not continue, it may be difficult for our stockholders to sell their shares without depressing the market price for the shares or sell their shares at or above the prices at which they acquired their shares or sell their shares at the time they would like to sell. Any inactive trading market for our common stock may also impair our ability to raise capital to continue to fund our operations by selling shares. 

The market price of our common stock may be highly volatile. 

The trading price of our common stock is likely to be volatile. As a result of this volatility, investors may not be able to sell their common stock at or above the price paid for the shares. The market price for our common stock may be influenced by many factors, including: 

delays in the commencement, enrollment, and ultimate completion, of our planned and ongoing Phase 3 clinical trials for AXS 02 and AXS 05; 

70 

Table of Contents  

any delay or refusal on the part of the FDA in approving an NDA for AXS 02, AXS 05, or any other of our current and future product candidates; 

the commercial success of AXS 02, AXS 05, and any other of our current and future product candidates, if approved by the FDA; 

results of clinical trials of AXS 02, AXS 05, and any other of our current and future product candidates or those of our competitors; 

actual or anticipated variations in quarterly or annual operating results; 

failure to meet or exceed financial projections we provide to the public, if any; 

failure to meet or exceed the estimates and projections of the investment community, including securities analysts; 

introduction of competitive products or technologies; 

changes or developments in laws or regulations applicable to our product candidates; 

the perception of the pharmaceutical industry by the public, legislatures, regulators, and the investment community; 

general economic and market conditions and overall fluctuations in U.S. equity markets; 

developments concerning our sources of manufacturing supply, warehousing, and inventory control; 

disputes or other developments relating to patents or other proprietary rights; 

additions or departures of key scientific or management personnel; 

announcements of investigations or regulatory scrutiny of our operations or lawsuits filed against us; 

capital commitments; 

investors  general perception of our company and our business; 

announcements and expectations of additional financing efforts, including the issuance of debt, equity or convertible securities; 

sales of our common stock, including sales by our directors and officers or significant stockholders; 

changes in the market valuations of companies similar to us; 

announcements by us or our competitors of significant acquisitions, strategic partnerships, or divestitures; 

general conditions or trends in our industry; and 

the other factors described in this  Risk Factors  section. 

71 

Table of Contents  

In addition, the stock market in general, and the market for small pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies in particular, have experienced extreme price and volume fluctuations that have often been unrelated or disproportionate to the operating performance of these companies. Broad market and industry factors may negatively affect the market price of our common stock, regardless of our actual operating performance. 

Further, in the past, stockholders have initiated class action lawsuits against pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies following periods of volatility in the market prices of these companies  stocks. Such litigation, if instituted against us, could cause us to incur substantial costs and divert management s attention and resources from our business. 

If equity research analysts do not publish research or reports, or publish unfavorable research or reports, about us, our business, or our market, our stock price and trading volume could decline. 

The trading market for our common stock is influenced by the research and reports that equity research analysts publish about us and our business. We do not have any control over the equity research analysts that provide research coverage of our common stock or the content and opinions included in their reports. The price of our stock could decline if one or more equity research analysts downgrades our stock or issue other unfavorable commentary or research. If one or more equity research analysts ceases coverage of our company or fails to publish reports on us regularly, demand for our stock could decrease, which in turn could cause our stock price or trading volume to decline. 

Our quarterly operating results may fluctuate significantly. 

We expect our operating results to be subject to quarterly fluctuations. Our net loss and other operating results will be affected by numerous factors, including: 

whether the FDA requires us to complete additional, unanticipated studies, tests, or other activities prior to approving AXS 02, AXS 05, or any other of our current and future product candidates, which would likely further delay any such approval; 

if AXS 02, AXS 05, or any other of our current or future product candidates is approved, our ability to establish the necessary commercial infrastructure to launch this product candidate without substantial delays, including hiring sales and marketing personnel and contracting with third parties for warehousing, distribution, cash collection, and related commercial activities; 

our ability to identify and enter into third party manufacturing arrangements capable of manufacturing AXS 02, AXS 05, or any other of our current or future product candidates in commercial quantities; 

our execution of other collaborative, licensing, or similar arrangements and the timing of payments we may make or receive under these arrangements; 

variations in the level of expenses related to our future development programs; 

any product liability or intellectual property infringement lawsuit in which we may become involved; 

regulatory developments affecting AXS 02, AXS 05, and our other current and future product candidates, or the product candidates of our competitors; and 

if AXS 02, AXS 05, or any other of our current or future product candidates receive regulatory approval, the level of underlying demand for such product candidate and wholesaler buying patterns. 

If our quarterly or annual operating results fall below the expectations of investors or securities analysts, the price of our common stock could decline substantially. Furthermore, any quarterly or annual fluctuations in our operating results may, in turn, cause the price of our stock to fluctuate substantially. We believe that quarterly comparisons of our financial results are not necessarily meaningful and should not be relied upon as an indication of our future performance. 

72 

Table of Contents  

Raising additional funds by issuing securities may cause dilution to existing stockholders and raising funds through lending and licensing arrangements may restrict our operations or require us to relinquish proprietary rights. 

Until such time, if ever, as we can generate substantial product revenues, we expect to finance our cash needs through a combination of equity offerings, debt financings, grants, and license and development agreements in connection with any collaborations. We do not have any committed external source of funds. To the extent that we raise additional capital by issuing equity securities, our existing stockholders  ownership will be diluted, and the terms of these securities may include liquidation or other preferences that adversely affect your rights as a common stockholder. Debt financing and preferred equity financing, if available, may involve agreements that include covenants limiting or restricting our ability to take specific actions, such as incurring additional debt, making capital expenditures, or declaring dividends. 

If we raise additional funds through collaborations, strategic alliances, or marketing, distribution or licensing arrangements with third parties, we may have to relinquish valuable rights to our technologies, future revenue streams, research programs, or product candidates or grant licenses on terms that may not be favorable to us. Any debt financing we enter into may involve covenants that restrict our operations. These restrictive covenants may include limitations on additional borrowing and specific restrictions on the use of our assets as well as prohibitions on our ability to create liens, pay dividends, redeem our stock, or make investments. If we are unable to raise additional funds through equity or debt financings when needed, we may be required to delay, limit, reduce, or terminate our product development or future commercialization efforts or grant rights to develop and market product candidates that we would otherwise prefer to develop and market ourselves. 

Our principal stockholders and management own a significant percentage of our stock and will be able to exert significant control over matters subject to stockholder approval. 

As of November 9, 2016, our executive officers, directors, and 5% stockholders and their affiliates beneficially owned an aggregate of approximately 65% of our outstanding common stock. As a result, these stockholders have significant influence and may be able to determine all matters requiring stockholder approval. For example, these stockholders may be able to control elections of directors, amendments of our organizational documents, or approval of any merger, sale of assets, or other major corporate transaction. This concentration of ownership could delay or prevent any acquisition of our company on terms that other stockholders may desire, and may adversely affect the market price of our common stock. 

Some of these persons or entities may have interests different than yours. For example, these stockholders, if they acted together, could significantly influence all matters requiring approval by our stockholders, including the election of directors and the approval of mergers or other business combination transactions. These stockholders may be able to determine all matters requiring stockholder approval. The interests of these stockholders may not always coincide with our interests or the interests of other stockholders. This may also prevent or discourage unsolicited acquisition proposals or offers for our common stock that other stockholders may feel are in their best interest and our large stockholders may act in a manner that advances their best interests and not necessarily those of other stockholders, including seeking a premium value for their common stock, and might affect the prevailing market price for our common stock. 

Sales of a substantial number of shares of our common stock in the public market by our existing stockholders could cause our stock price to fall. 

Sales of a substantial number of shares of our common stock in the public market or the perception that these sales might occur, could depress the market price of our common stock and could impair our ability to raise adequate capital through the sale of additional equity securities. We are unable to predict the effect that sales may have on the prevailing market price of our common stock. 

73 

Table of Contents  

As of November 9, 2016, we have outstanding 19,153,417 shares of common stock. Of these shares, 11,136,434 are freely tradable. The remainder of the outstanding shares of common stock are held by our affiliates and may be considered  control securities  for purposes of Rule 144 under the Securities Act.  

In addition, we have filed a registration statement on Form S 8 registering the issuance of 4,491,507 shares of common stock subject to options or other equity awards issued or reserved for future issuance under our 2015 Omnibus Incentive Compensation Plan. Shares registered under this registration statement on Form S 8 will be available for sale in the public market subject to vesting arrangements and exercise of options, the lock up agreements described above and the restrictions of Rule 144 in the case of our affiliates. 

Our management will have broad discretion in the use of the net proceeds from our initial public offering and may not use them effectively. 

Our management will have broad discretion in the application of the net proceeds from our recently completed initial public offering and our stockholders will not have the opportunity as part of their investment decision to assess whether the net proceeds are being used appropriately. You may not agree with our decisions, and our use of the proceeds may not yield any return on your investment. Because of the number and variability of factors that will determine our use of the net proceeds from our initial public offering, their ultimate use may vary substantially from their currently intended use. Our failure to apply the net proceeds of our initial public offering effectively could compromise our ability to pursue our growth strategy and we might not be able to yield a significant return, if any, on our investment of those net proceeds. You will not have the opportunity to influence our decisions on how to use our net proceeds from our initial public offering. Pending their use, we may invest the net proceeds from our initial public offering in short term, investment grade, interest bearing instruments and U.S. government securities. These temporary investments are not likely to yield a significant return. 

We are an  emerging growth company  and as a result of the reduced disclosure and governance requirements applicable to emerging growth companies, our common stock may be less attractive to investors. 

We are an  emerging growth company,  as defined in the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012, or JOBS Act, and we intend to take advantage of some of the exemptions from reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies, including not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and stockholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. We may take advantage of these reporting exemptions until we are no longer an emerging growth company. We cannot predict if investors will find our common stock less attractive because we will rely on these exemptions. If some investors find our common stock less attractive as a result, there may be a less active trading market for our common stock and our stock price may be more volatile. 

We will remain an emerging growth company until the earlier of (1) the last day of the fiscal year (a) following the fifth anniversary of the completion of our initial public offering, (b) in which we have total annual gross revenue of at least $1.0 billion, or (c) in which we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer, which means the market value of our common stock that is held by non affiliates exceeds $700 million as of the prior June 30  th  , and (2) the date on which we have issued more than $1.0 billion in non convertible debt during the prior three year period. To the extent we are no longer eligible to use exemptions from various reporting requirements under the JOBS Act, we may be unable to realize our anticipated cost savings from these exemptions, which could have a material adverse impact on our operating results. 

74 

Table of Contents  

The use of our net operating loss carryforwards and research tax credits may be limited. 

Our net operating loss carryforwards and any future research and development tax credits may expire and not be used. As of December 31, 2015, we had U.S. net operating loss carryforwards of approximately $15.5 million. Our net operating loss carryforwards will begin expiring in 2033 if we have not used them prior to that time. Additionally, our ability to use any net operating loss and credit carryforwards to offset taxable income or tax, respectively, in the future will be limited under Internal Revenue Code Sections 382 and 383, respectively, if we have a cumulative change in ownership of more than 50% within a three year period. The completion of our initial public offering, together with private placements and other transactions that have occurred, may trigger, or may have already triggered, such an ownership change. In addition, since we will need to raise substantial additional funding to finance our operations, we may undergo further ownership changes in the future. We have never completed an analysis as to whether such a change of ownership has occurred, but in such an event, we will be limited regarding the amount of net operating loss carryforwards and research tax credits that could be utilized annually in the future to offset taxable income or tax, respectively. Any such annual limitation may significantly reduce the utilization of the net operating loss carryforwards and research tax credits before they expire. In addition, certain states have suspended use of net operating loss carryforwards for certain taxable years, and other states are considering similar measures. As a result, we may incur higher state income tax expense in the future. Depending on our future tax position, continued suspension of our ability to use net operating loss carryforwards in states in which we are subject to income tax could have an adverse impact on our results of operations and financial condition. 

Because we do not intend to pay dividends on our common stock, your returns will be limited to any increase in the value of our stock. 

We have never declared or paid any cash dividends on our capital stock. We currently intend to retain all available funds and any future earnings to support our operations and finance the growth and development of our business and do not anticipate declaring or paying any cash dividends on our common stock for the foreseeable future. Any return to stockholders will therefore be limited to the appreciation of their stock, if any. Investors seeking cash dividends should not purchase our common stock. 

Provisions in our corporate charter documents and under Delaware law may prevent or frustrate attempts by our stockholders to change our management and hinder efforts to acquire a controlling interest in us, and the market price of our common stock may be lower as a result. 

There are provisions in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws that may make it difficult for a third party to acquire, or attempt to acquire, control of our company, even if a change in control was considered favorable by you and other stockholders. For example, our board of directors will have the authority to issue up to 10,000,000 shares of preferred stock and to fix the price, rights, preferences, privileges, and restrictions of the preferred stock without any further vote or action by our stockholders. The issuance of shares of preferred stock may delay or prevent a change in control transaction. As a result, the market price of our common stock and the voting and other rights of our stockholders may be adversely affected. An issuance of shares of preferred stock may result in the loss of voting control to other stockholders. 

In addition, we are subject to the anti takeover provisions of Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law, which regulates corporate acquisitions by prohibiting Delaware corporations from engaging in specified business combinations with particular stockholders of those companies. These provisions could discourage potential acquisition proposals and could delay or prevent a change in control transaction. They could also have the effect of discouraging others from making tender offers for our common stock, including transactions that may be in your best interests. These provisions may also prevent changes in our management or limit the price that investors are willing to pay for our stock. 

75 

Table of Contents  

Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation designates the state or federal courts located in the State of Delaware as the sole and exclusive forum for certain types of actions and proceedings that may be initiated by our stockholders, which could limit our stockholders  ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with us or our directors, officers or employees. 

Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that, subject to limited exceptions, the state and federal courts located in the State of Delaware will be the sole and exclusive forum for (1) any derivative action or proceeding brought on our behalf, (2) any action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any of our directors, officers or other employees to us or our stockholders, (3) any action asserting a claim against us arising pursuant to any provision of the Delaware General Corporation Law, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation or our amended and restated bylaws, or (4) any other action asserting a claim against us that is governed by the internal affairs doctrine. Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in shares of our capital stock shall be deemed to have notice of and to have consented to the provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation described above. This choice of forum provision may limit a stockholder s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with us or our directors, officers, or other employees, which may discourage such lawsuits against us and our directors, officers, and employees. Alternatively, if a court were to find these provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation inapplicable to, or unenforceable in respect of, one or more of the specified types of actions or proceedings, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such matters in other jurisdictions, which could adversely affect our business and financial condition. 

Item 2.  Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds.   

Use of IPO Proceeds 

On November 19, 2015, the Company s registration statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-207393) for our IPO was declared effective by the Securities and Exchange Commission, or SEC.  On November 24, 2015, we completed our IPO whereby we sold 5,666,667 shares of common stock, at a public offering price of $9.00 per share, before underwriting discounts and expenses.  The aggregate net proceeds received by us from the offering were $45.5 million after deducting the underwriting discounts and commissions and offering expenses paid by us. 

As of September 30, 2016, we have used approximately $11.6 million of our net proceeds from the IPO primarily to fund the Phase 3 clinical trials for AXS-02 and AXS-05, as well as general working capital purposes. 

There has been no material change in the planned use of proceeds from our IPO as described in our prospectus dated November 19, 2015, filed with the SEC pursuant to Rule 424(b)(4) under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 

Item 6.  Exhibits.   

The exhibits filed as part of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q are set forth on the Exhibit Index, which is incorporated herein by reference. 

76 

Table of Contents  

SIGNATURES   

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

AXSOME THERAPEUTICS, INC.  

Date: November 14, 2016  

By  

/s/ Herriot Tabuteau, M.D.  

Herriot Tabuteau, M.D.   President and Chief Executive Officer   
					 
						 (Principal Executive Officer)  

Date: November 14, 2016  

By  

/s/ Constance Ames  

Constance Ames   Vice President, Finance   
					 
						 (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)  

77 

Table of Contents  

INDEX OF EXHIBITS   

Exhibit Number  

Description  

31.1 

Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.  

31.2 

Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.  

32.1 

Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C.  1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (furnished herewith).  

32.2 

Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C.  1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (furnished herewith).  

101 

Interactive data files pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T: (i) Consolidated Balance Sheets, (ii) Consolidated Statements of Operations, (iii) Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, and (iv) the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.  

78 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 axsm-20160930ex311c30009.htm
 EX-31.1

axsm_Ex31_1

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION OF PERIODIC REPORT 

PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Herriot Tabuteau,  M.D., certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Axsome Therapeutics, Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and have: 

a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

c) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:  November 14, 2016  

/s/ Herriot Tabuteau, M.D.  

Herriot Tabuteau,  M.D. Chief Executive Officer    (Principal Executive Officer)  

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 axsm-20160930ex3128888bf.htm
 EX-31.2

axsm_Ex31_2

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION OF PERIODIC REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE  SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Constance Ames, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Axsome Therapeutics, Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and have: 

a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

c) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:  November 14, 2016  

/s/ Constance Ames  

Constance Ames  Vice President, Finance  (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)  

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 axsm-20160930ex321c8b137.htm
 EX-32.1

axsm_Ex32_1

Exhibit 32.1 

STATEMENT OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER OF  AXSOME THERAPEUTICS, INC. PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the quarterly report of Axsome Therapeutics, Inc. (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2016 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the  Report ), I, Herriot Tabuteau, M.D., Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.  1350, as adopted pursuant to  906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, based on my knowledge: 

1)   The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

2)    The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: November 14, 2016  

/s/ Herriot Tabuteau, M.D.  

Herriot Tabuteau,  M.D. Chief Executive Officer  (Principal Executive Officer)  

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 axsm-20160930ex322c9b126.htm
 EX-32.2

axsm_Ex32_2

Exhibit 32.2 

STATEMENT OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER OF  AXSOME THERAPEUTICS, INC.  PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the quarterly report of Axsome Therapeutics, Inc. (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2016 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the  Report ), I, Constance Ames, Vice President, Finance of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.  1350, as adopted pursuant to  906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, based on my knowledge: 

1)   The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

2)   The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: November 14, 2016  

/s/ Constance Ames  

Constance Ames  Vice President, Finance  (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)  

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 axsm-20160930.xml
 EX-101.INS

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 axsm-20160930.xsd
 EX-101.SCH

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 axsm-20160930_cal.xml
 EX-101.CAL

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 axsm-20160930_def.xml
 EX-101.DEF

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 axsm-20160930_lab.xml
 EX-101.LAB

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 axsm-20160930_pre.xml
 EX-101.PRE

</EX-101.PRE>

