<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161103_10-Q_edgar_data_726601_0000726601-16-000056_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>13924923</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>122023</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>402129</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>5603068</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>5047482</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1184889</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>45</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000726601-16-000056.hdr.sgml : 20161103
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161103160647
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000726601-16-000056
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		68
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161103
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161103

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			CAPITAL CITY BANK GROUP INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000726601
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	STATE COMMERCIAL BANKS [6022]
		IRS NUMBER:				592273542
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			FL
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-13358
		FILM NUMBER:		161971599

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		217 N MONROE ST
		CITY:			TALLAHASSEE
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			32301
		BUSINESS PHONE:		8506710300

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		PO BOX 11248
		CITY:			TALLAHASSEE
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			32302-3248

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000726601-16-000056.txt : 20161103

10-Q
 1
 ccbg10q_q3.htm
 FORM 10Q

UNITED STATES 

UNITED STATES   

   SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION   

   WASHINGTON, D.C.  20549   

FORM 10-Q   

[x]           QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES
EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934   

For the Quarterly Period Ended September
30, 2016   

OR   

[  ]           TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE
SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934   

For the transition period from
____________ to ____________   

Commission File Number:      0-13358     

(Exact name
  of registrant as specified in its charter)  

Florida   

59-2273542   

(State or
  other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization)  

(I.R.S.
  Employer Identification No.)  

217 North
  Monroe Street, Tallahassee, Florida   

32301   

(Address of
  principal executive office)  

(Zip Code)  

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all
reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the
registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such
filing requirements for the past 90 days.  Yes [X] No [  ]  

Indicate by check mark whether
the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web
site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted
pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the
preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was
required to submit and post such files).  Yes [X] No [  ]  

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large
accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller
reporting company.  See definitions of  large accelerated filer ,
 accelerated filer , and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the
Exchange Act.  

Large
  accelerated filer [  ]  

Accelerated
  filer [X]  

Non-accelerated
  filer [  ]  

Smaller
  reporting company [  ]  

(Do not check
  if smaller reporting company)  

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company
(as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes [  ] No [X]  

At October 31, 2016, 16,807,081 shares of the Registrant's Common
Stock, $.01 par value, were outstanding.  

CAPITAL CITY BANK GROUP, INC.   

   QUARTERLY REPORT ON FORM 10-Q   

   FOR THE PERIOD ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2016   

   TABLE OF CONTENTS   

PART I   Financial Information   

Page   

Item 1.  

Consolidated Financial Statements
  (Unaudited)  

Consolidated Statements of
  Financial Condition   September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015  

4  

Consolidated Statements of Income
    Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015  

5  

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive
  Income   Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015  

6  

Consolidated Statements of
  Changes in Shareowners  Equity   Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and
  2015  

7  

Consolidated Statements of
  Cash Flows   Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015  

8  

Notes to Consolidated
  Financial Statements  

9  

Item 2.  

Management's Discussion and Analysis of
  Financial Condition and Results of Operations  

27  

Item 3.  

Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosure
  About Market Risk  

44  

Item 4.  

Controls and Procedures  

44  

PART II   Other Information   

Item 1.  

Legal Proceedings  

44  

Item 1A.  

Risk Factors  

44  

Item 2.  

Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities
  and Use of Proceeds  

44  

Item 3.  

Defaults Upon Senior Securities  

44  

Item 4.  

Mine Safety Disclosure  

44  

Item 5.  

Other Information  

44  

Item 6.  

Exhibits  

44  

Signatures   

46  

2   

INTRODUCTORY NOTE   

   Caution Concerning Forward-Looking Statements   

This Quarterly Report on Form
10-Q contains  forward-looking statements  within the meaning of the Private
Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements
include, among others, statements about our beliefs, plans, objectives, goals,
expectations, estimates and intentions that are subject to significant risks
and uncertainties and are subject to change based on various factors, many of
which are beyond our control.  The words  may,   could,   should,   would, 
 believe,   anticipate,   estimate,   expect,   intend,   plan,   target, 
 goal,  and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking
statements.  

All forward-looking statements,
by their nature, are subject to risks and uncertainties.  Our actual future
results may differ materially from those set forth in our forward-looking
statements.  

Our ability to achieve our financial objectives could be adversely affected by the factors discussed in detail in Part I, Item 2.  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  and Part II, Item 1A.  Risk Factors  in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and the following sections of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015 (the  2015 Form 10-K ): (a)  Introductory Note  in Part I, Item 1.  Business  (b)  Risk Factors  in Part I, Item 1A, as updated in our subsequent quarterly reports filed on Form 10-Q; and (c)  Introduction  in  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations,  in Part II, Item 7, as well as:  

our ability to successfully manage
interest rate risk, liquidity risk, and other risks inherent to our industry;  

legislative or regulatory changes,
including the Dodd-Frank Act, Basel III, and the ability to repay and qualified
mortgage standards;  

the effects of security breaches
and computer viruses that may affect our computer systems or fraud related to
debit card products;  

the accuracy of our financial
statement estimates and assumptions, including the estimates used for our loan
loss provision, deferred tax asset valuation and pension plan;  

the frequency and magnitude of
foreclosure of our loans;  

the effects of our lack of a
diversified loan portfolio, including the risks of geographic and industry
concentrations;  

the strength of the United States
economy in general and the strength of the local economies in which we conduct
operations;   

our ability to declare and pay
dividends, the payment of which is now subject to our compliance with
heightened capital requirements;  

changes in the securities and real
estate markets;  

changes in monetary and fiscal
policies of the U.S. Government;  

inflation, interest rate, market
and monetary fluctuations;  

the effects of harsh weather
conditions, including hurricanes, and man-made disasters;  

our ability to comply with the
extensive laws and regulations to which we are subject, including the laws for
each jurisdiction where we operate;  

the willingness of clients to
accept third-party products and services rather than our products and services
and vice versa;  

increased competition and its
effect on pricing;  

technological changes;  

negative publicity and the impact
on our reputation;  

changes in consumer spending and
saving habits;  

growth and profitability of our
noninterest income;  

changes in accounting principles, policies,
practices or guidelines;  

the limited trading activity of
our common stock;  

the concentration of ownership of
our common stock;  

anti-takeover provisions under
federal and state law as well as our Articles of Incorporation and our Bylaws;  

other risks described from time to
time in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission; and  

our ability to manage the risks
involved in the foregoing.  

However,
other factors besides those listed in    Item 1A Risk Factors    or discussed
in this Form 10-Q also could adversely affect our results, and you should not
consider any such list of factors to be a complete set of all potential risks
or uncertainties.  Any forward-looking statements made by us or on our behalf
speak only as of the date they are made.  We do not undertake to update any
forward-looking statement, except as required by applicable law.   

3   

4   

5   

6   

7   

8   

CAPITAL
CITY BANK GROUP, INC.    

    NOTES TO
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS    

NOTE 1 -            SIGNIFICANT
ACCOUNTING POLICIES    

Nature of Operations     .  Capital City Bank Group,
Inc. ( CCBG  or the  Company ) provides a full range of banking and
banking-related services to individual and corporate clients through its
subsidiary, Capital City Bank, with banking offices located in Florida,
Georgia, and Alabama.  The Company is subject to competition from other
financial institutions, is subject to regulation by certain government agencies
and undergoes periodic examinations by those regulatory authorities.   

Basis of Presentation     .  The consolidated financial
statements in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q include the accounts of CCBG
and its wholly-owned subsidiary, Capital City Bank ( CCB  or the  Bank  and
together with the Company).  All material inter-company transactions and
accounts have been eliminated.  Certain previously reported amounts have been
reclassified to conform to the current year s presentation.   

The accompanying unaudited
consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with
generally accepted accounting principles for interim financial information and
with the instructions to Form 10-Q and Article 10 of Regulation S-X. 
Accordingly, they do not include all of the information and footnotes required
by generally accepted accounting principles for complete financial statements. 
In the opinion of management, all adjustments (consisting of normal recurring
accruals) considered necessary for a fair presentation have been included.     

The consolidated statement of financial
condition at December 31, 2015 has been derived from the audited consolidated
financial statements at that date, but does not include all of the information
and footnotes required by generally accepted accounting principles for complete
financial statements.  For further information, refer to the consolidated
financial statements and footnotes thereto included in the Company s annual
report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015.       

(1)               Includes Federal Home Loan Bank,
Federal Reserve Bank, and FNBB, Inc. stock recorded at cost of $3.5 million,
$4.8 million, and $0.5 million, respectively, at September 30, 2016 and $3.6
million, $4.8 million, and $0.2 million, respectively, at December 31, 2015.        

Securities with an amortized cost of $222.9 million and $370.1 million
at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively, were pledged to secure
public deposits and for other purposes.   

9   

The Bank, as a member of the Federal Home
Loan Bank of Atlanta ( FHLB ), is required to own capital stock in the FHLB
based generally upon the balances of residential and commercial real estate
loans, and FHLB advances.  FHLB stock which is included in equity
securities is pledged to secure FHLB advances.  No ready market
exists for this stock, and it has no quoted market value; however, redemption
of this stock has historically been at par value.   

Maturity Distribution     .  As of September 30, 2016, the Company's
investment securities had the following maturity distribution based on
contractual maturity.  Expected maturities may differ from contractual
maturities because borrowers may have the right to call or prepay obligations. 
Mortgage-backed securities and certain amortizing U.S. government agency
securities are shown separately because they are not due at a certain maturity
date.     

Unrealized Losses on Investment Securities.            The following table summarizes the investment securities with
unrealized losses aggregated by major security type and length of time in a
continuous unrealized loss position:     

10   

Management evaluates securities for other
than temporary impairment at least quarterly, and more frequently when economic
or market concerns warrant such evaluation.  Declines in the fair value of
held-to-maturity and available-for-sale securities below their cost that are
deemed to be other than temporary are reflected in earnings as realized
losses.  In estimating other-than-temporary impairment losses, the Company
considers, (i) whether it has decided to sell the security, (ii) whether it is
more likely than not that the Company will have to sell the security before its
market value recovers, and (iii) whether the present value of expected cash
flows is sufficient to recover the entire amortized cost basis.  When assessing
a security s expected cash flows, the Company considers, among other things,
(i) the length of time and the extent to which the fair value has been less
than cost and (ii) the financial condition and near-term prospects of the
issuer.  In analyzing an issuer s financial condition, management considers
whether the securities are issued by the federal government or its agencies,
whether downgrades by rating agencies have occurred, regulatory issues, and
analysts  reports.     

At September 30, 2016,     there were 165 positions (combined Available-for-Sale and Held-to-Maturity)
with an unrealized loss totaling $0.3 million. Of the 165 positions, 69 were
Ginnie Mae mortgage-backed securities (GNMA), U.S. Treasuries, or SBA
securities, all of which carry the full faith and credit guarantee of the U.S.
Government. SBA securities float monthly or quarterly to the prime rate and are
uncapped. Of these 69 positions, there were 20 GNMA positions and 24 SBA
positions in an unrealized loss position for longer than 12 months.  Six agency
positions were in an unrealized loss position. There were 90 municipal bonds in
an unrealized loss position that were pre-refunded, or rated  AA- or better.     These debt securities are in a loss
position because they were acquired when the general level of interest rates
was lower than that on September 30, 2016.  The Company believes that the
unrealized losses in these debt securities are temporary in nature and that the
full principal will be collected as anticipated.  Because the declines in the
market value of these investments are attributable to changes in interest rates
and not credit quality and because the Company has the present ability and
intent to hold these investments until there is a recovery in fair value, which
may be at maturity, the Company does not consider these investments to be
other-than-temporarily impaired at September 30, 2016.     

NOTE 3   LOANS, NET    

Loan Portfolio Composition     .  The composition of the loan portfolio
was as follows:     

(1)                 Includes loans in process with outstanding balances of $11.8
million and $8.5 million at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015,
respectively.              

Net deferred costs included in loans were $0.4 million at September
30, 2016 and net deferred fees included in loans were $0.5 million at December
31, 2015.   

The Company has pledged a blanket floating lien on all 1-4 family
residential mortgage loans, commercial real estate mortgage loans, and home
equity loans to support available borrowing capacity at the FHLB of Atlanta and
has pledged a blanket floating lien on all consumer loans, commercial loans,
and construction loans to support available borrowing capacity at the Federal
Reserve Bank of Atlanta.     

11   

Nonaccrual Loans     .  Loans   are
generally placed on nonaccrual status if principal or interest payments become
90 days past due and/or management deems the collectability of the principal
and/or interest to be doubtful.  Loans are returned to accrual status when the
principal and interest amounts contractually due are brought current or when
future payments are reasonably assured.    

The following table presents the recorded
investment in nonaccrual loans and loans past due over 90 days and still on
accrual by class of loans.     

Loan Portfolio Aging.       A loan is defined as a past due loan when
one full payment is past due or a contractual maturity is over 30 days past due
( DPD ).   

The following table presents the aging of
the recorded investment in past due loans by class of loans.   

12   

Allowance
for Loan Losses     .      The allowance for loan losses is a reserve
established through a provision for loan losses charged to expense, which
represents management s best estimate of incurred losses within the existing
portfolio of loans.  Loans are charged-off to the allowance when
losses are deemed to be probable and reasonably quantifiable.     

The following table details the activity
in the allowance for loan losses by portfolio class.  Allocation of a portion
of the allowance to one category of loans does not preclude its availability to
absorb losses in other categories.   

13   

The following table details the amount of
the allowance for loan losses by portfolio class disaggregated on the basis of
the Company s impairment methodology.   

14   

The Company s
recorded investment in loans related to each balance in the allowance for loan
losses by portfolio class and disaggregated on the basis of the Company s
impairment methodology was as follows:   

Impaired Loans     .  Loans are deemed to be impaired when, based on current
information and events, it is probable that the Company will not be able to
collect all amounts due (principal and interest payments), according to the
contractual terms of the loan agreement.  Loans, for which the terms have been
modified, and for which the borrower is experiencing financial difficulties,
are considered troubled debt restructurings and classified as impaired.     

The following table
presents loans individually evaluated for impairment by class of loans.   

15   

The following
table summarizes the average recorded investment and interest income recognized
by class of impaired loans.   

Credit Risk Management     .  The Company has adopted comprehensive lending policies,
underwriting standards and loan review procedures designed to maximize loan
income within an acceptable level of risk.  Management and the Board of
Directors review and approve these policies and procedures on a regular basis
(at least annually).         

Reporting systems are used to monitor loan
originations, loan quality, concentrations of credit, loan delinquencies and
nonperforming loans and potential problem loans.  Management and the Credit
Risk Oversight Committee periodically review our lines of business to monitor
asset quality trends and the appropriateness of credit policies.  In addition,
total borrower exposure limits are established and concentration risk is
monitored.  As part of this process, the overall composition of the portfolio
is reviewed to gauge diversification of risk, client concentrations, industry
group, loan type, geographic area, or other relevant classifications of loans. 
Specific segments of the loan portfolio are monitored and reported to the Board
on a quarterly basis and have strategic plans in place to supplement Board
approved credit policies governing exposure limits and underwriting standards. 
Detailed below are the types of loans within the Company s loan portfolio and
risk characteristics unique to each.          

Commercial, Financial, and Agricultural  
Loans in this category are primarily made based on identified cash flows of the
borrower with consideration given to underlying collateral and personal or
other guarantees.  Lending policy establishes debt service coverage ratio
limits that require a borrower s cash flow to be sufficient to cover principal
and interest payments on all new and existing debt.  The majority of these
loans are secured by the assets being financed or other business assets such as
accounts receivable, inventory, or equipment.  Collateral values are determined
based upon third party appraisals and evaluations.  Loan to value ratios at
origination are governed by established policy guidelines.     

Real Estate Construction   Loans in this
category consist of short-term construction loans, revolving and non-revolving
credit lines and construction/permanent loans made to individuals and investors
to finance the acquisition, development, construction or rehabilitation of real
property.  These loans are primarily made based on identified cash flows of the
borrower or project and generally secured by the property being financed,
including 1-4 family residential properties and commercial properties that are
either owner-occupied or investment in nature.  These properties may include
either vacant or improved property.  Construction loans are generally based
upon estimates of costs and value associated with the completed project. 
Collateral values are determined based upon third party appraisals and
evaluations.  Loan to value ratios at origination are governed by established
policy guidelines.  The disbursement of funds for construction loans is made in
relation to the progress of the project and as such these loans are closely
monitored by on-site inspections.           

Real Estate Commercial Mortgage   Loans in
this category consists of commercial mortgage loans secured by property that is
either owner-occupied or investment in nature.  These loans are primarily made
based on identified cash flows of the borrower or project with consideration
given to underlying real estate collateral and personal guarantees.  Lending
policy establishes debt service coverage ratios and loan to value ratios
specific to the property type.  Collateral values are determined based upon
third party appraisals and evaluations.      

Real Estate Residential   Residential
mortgage loans held in the Company s loan portfolio are made to borrowers that
demonstrate the ability to make scheduled payments with full consideration to
underwriting factors such as current income, employment status, current assets,
and other financial resources, credit history, and the value of the collateral. 
Collateral consists of mortgage liens on 1-4 family residential properties. 
Collateral values are determined based upon third party appraisals and
evaluations.  The Company does not originate sub-prime loans.     

16   

Real Estate
Home Equity   Home equity loans and lines are made to qualified individuals for
legitimate purposes generally secured by senior or junior mortgage liens on
owner-occupied 1-4 family homes or vacation homes.  Borrower qualifications
include favorable credit history combined with supportive income and debt ratio
requirements and combined loan to value ratios within established policy
guidelines.  Collateral values are determined based upon third party appraisals
and evaluations.      

Consumer Loans   This loan portfolio
includes personal installment loans, direct and indirect automobile financing,
and overdraft lines of credit.  The majority of the consumer loan portfolio
consists of indirect and direct automobile loans.  Lending policy establishes
maximum debt to income ratios, minimum credit scores, and includes guidelines
for verification of applicants  income and receipt of credit reports.     

Credit Quality Indicators     .  As part of the ongoing monitoring of the Company s loan
portfolio quality, management categorizes loans into risk categories based on
relevant information about the ability of borrowers to service their debt such
as: current financial information, historical payment performance, credit
documentation, and current economic/market trends, among other
factors.  Risk ratings are assigned to each loan and revised as
needed through established monitoring procedures for individual loan
relationships over a predetermined amount and review of smaller balance
homogenous loan pools.  The Company uses the definitions noted below
for categorizing and managing its criticized loans.  Loans
categorized as  Pass  do not meet the criteria set forth for the Special
Mention, Substandard, or Doubtful categories and are not considered criticized.   

Special Mention   Loans in this category are presently protected
from loss, but weaknesses are apparent which, if not corrected, could cause
future problems.  Loans in this category may not meet required
underwriting criteria and have no mitigating factors.  More than the
ordinary amount of attention is warranted for these loans.   

Substandard   Loans in this category exhibit well-defined
weaknesses that would typically bring normal repayment into jeopardy. These
loans are no longer adequately protected due to well-defined weaknesses that
affect the repayment capacity of the borrower.  The possibility of
loss is much more evident and above average supervision is required for these
loans.   

Doubtful   Loans in this category have all the weaknesses inherent
in a loan categorized as Substandard, with the characteristic that the
weaknesses make collection or liquidation in full, on the basis of currently
existing facts, conditions, and values, highly questionable and improbable.   

The following table
presents the risk category of loans by segment.     

Troubled Debt Restructurings ( TDRs )     .      TDRs are loans in which the borrower is experiencing
financial     difficulty and the
Company has granted an economic concession to the borrower that it would not
otherwise consider.  In these instances, as part of a work-out alternative, the
Company will make concessions including the extension of the loan term, a
principal moratorium, a reduction in the interest rate, or a combination
thereof.  The impact of the TDR modifications and defaults are factored into
the allowance for loan losses on a loan-by-loan basis as all TDRs are, by
definition, impaired loans.  Thus, specific reserves are established based
upon the results of either a discounted cash flow analysis or the underlying
collateral value, if the loan is deemed to be collateral dependent.  In the
limited circumstances that a loan is removed from TDR classification it is the
Company's policy to also remove it from the impaired loan category, but to
continue to individually evaluate loan impairment based on the contractual
terms specified by the loan agreement.  

17   

The following
table presents loans classified as TDRs.   

Loans classified as TDRs during the periods indicated are
presented in the table below.  The modifications made during the reporting
period involved either an extension of the loan term, an interest rate
adjustment, or a principal moratorium, and the financial impact of these modifications
was not material.      

18   

For the three
and nine months ended September 30, 2016, loans modified as TDRs within the
previous 12 months that have subsequently defaulted during the periods
indicated are presented in the table below.  For the three and nine months
ended September 30, 2015, there were no loans modified as TDRs within the
previous 12 months that have subsequently defaulted.       

Three Months Ended
  September 30,   

Nine Months Ended
  September 30,   

2016   

2016   

Number  

Post-Modified  

Number  

Post-Modified  

of  

Recorded  

of  

Recorded  

(Dollars in Thousands)   

Contracts  

Investment (1)   

Contracts  

Investment (1)   

Commercial, Financial and Agricultural  

-  

$  

-  

-  

$  

-  

Real Estate   Construction  

-  

-  

-  

-  

Real Estate   Commercial Mortgage  

-  

-  

-  

-  

Real Estate   Residential  

-  

-  

1  

98  

Real Estate   Home Equity  

-  

-  

1  

3  

Consumer  

-  

-  

1  

35  

Total TDRs  

-  

$  

-  

3  

$  

136  

(1)              Recorded investment reflects
charge-offs and additional funds advanced at time of restructure, if
applicable.      

The following table provides information on how TDRs were modified
during the periods indicated.     

(1)                Recorded investment reflects
charge-offs and additional funds advanced at time of restructure, if
applicable.        

NOTE 4   OTHER REAL ESTATE
OWNED    

The following table presents other real
estate owned activity for the periods indicated.     

19   

As of September 30, 2016 the Company had $1.6 million
of loans secured by residential real estate in the process of foreclosure   .       

NOTE 5 - EMPLOYEE BENEFIT
PLANS    

The Company
has a defined benefit pension plan covering substantially all full-time and
eligible part-time associates and a Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan
( SERP ) covering its executive officers.    

The components of the net periodic benefit
cost for the Company's qualified benefit pension plan were as follows:     

Effective December 31, 2015, the Company changed the method used
to estimate the service and interest components of net periodic benefit cost
for the defined benefit and supplemental executive retirement plans.  This new
estimation approach discounts the individual expected cash flows underlying the
service cost and interest cost using the applicable spot rates derived from the
yield curve used to discount the cash flows for the benefit obligations. 
Historically, the estimated service and interest cost components utilized a
single weighted-average discount rate derived from the yield curve used to
measure the benefit obligations at the beginning of the period.  The Company
elected this change to provide a more precise measurement of service and
interest costs by improving the correlation between projected benefit cash
flows to the corresponding spot yield curve rates.  The change was
accounted for as a change in accounting estimate that is inseparable from a
change in accounting principle and was accounted for prospectively.  While
the benefit obligations for the plans measured under this approach was
unchanged, the more granular application of the spot rates decreased the
combined service and interest costs for the defined benefit retirement plan for
fiscal 2016 by $0.7 million and the supplemental executive retirement plans by
$34,000.     

20   

NOTE
6 - COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES    

Lending Commitments     .  The Company is a party to
financial instruments with off-balance sheet risks in the normal course of
business to meet the financing needs of its clients.  These financial
instruments consist of commitments to extend credit and standby letters of
credit.   

The
Company s maximum exposure to credit loss under standby letters of credit and
commitments to extend credit is represented by the contractual amount of those
instruments.  The Company uses the same credit policies in
establishing commitments and issuing letters of credit as it does for
on-balance sheet instruments.  The amounts associated with the
Company s off-balance sheet obligations were as follows:     

(1)               Commitments include unfunded loans,
revolving lines of credit, and other unused commitments.      

Commitments to extend credit are agreements to lend to a client so
long as there is no violation of any condition established in the contract.
Commitments generally have fixed expiration dates or other termination clauses
and may require payment of a fee. Since many of the commitments are expected to
expire without being drawn upon, the total commitment amounts do not
necessarily represent future cash requirements.   

Standby letters of credit are conditional
commitments issued by the Company to guarantee the performance of a client to a
third party.  The credit risk involved in issuing letters of credit
is essentially the same as that involved in extending loan facilities. In general,
management does not anticipate any material losses as a result of participating
in these types of transactions.  However, any potential losses
arising from such transactions are reserved for in the same manner as
management reserves for its other credit facilities.   

For both on- and off-balance sheet
financial instruments, the Company requires collateral to support such
instruments when it is deemed necessary.  The Company evaluates each
client s creditworthiness on a case-by-case basis.  The amount of
collateral obtained upon extension of credit is based on management s credit
evaluation of the counterparty.  Collateral held varies, but may include
deposits held in financial institutions; U.S. Treasury securities; other
marketable securities; real estate; accounts receivable; property, plant and
equipment; and inventory.     

Contingencies     .  The Company is a party to lawsuits and claims arising
out of the normal course of business.  In management's opinion, there
are no known pending claims or litigation, the outcome of which would,
individually or in the aggregate, have a material effect on the consolidated
results of operations, financial position, or cash flows of the Company.   

Indemnification Obligation     .  The Company is a member of the Visa
U.S.A. network.  Visa U.S.A member banks are required to indemnify it for
potential future settlement of certain litigation (the  Covered Litigation )
that relates to several antitrust lawsuits challenging the practices of Visa
and MasterCard International.  In 2008, the Company, as a member of the Visa
U.S.A. network, obtained Class B shares of Visa, Inc. upon its initial public
offering.  Since its initial public offering, Visa, Inc. has funded a
litigation reserve for the Covered Litigation resulting in a reduction in the
Class B shares held by the Company.  During the first quarter of 2011, the
Company sold its remaining Class B shares resulting in a $3.2 million pre-tax
gain.  Associated with this sale, the Company entered into a swap contract with
the purchaser of the shares that requires a payment to the counterparty in the
event that Visa, Inc. makes subsequent revisions to the conversion ratio for
its Class B shares.  Fixed charges included in the swap liability are payable
quarterly until the litigation reserve is fully liquidated and at which time
the aforementioned swap contract will be terminated.  Quarterly fixed payments
approximate $72,000.  Conversion ratio payments and ongoing fixed quarterly
charges are reflected in earnings in the period incurred.   

21   

NOTE 7   FAIR VALUE
MEASUREMENTS   

The fair value of an asset or liability is the price that would be
received to sell that asset or paid to transfer that liability in an orderly
transaction occurring in the principal market (or most advantageous market in
the absence of a principal market) for such asset or liability.  In estimating
fair value, the Company utilizes valuation techniques that are consistent with
the market approach, the income approach and/or the cost approach.  Such
valuation techniques are consistently applied.  Inputs to valuation techniques
include the assumptions that market participants would use in pricing an asset
or liability.  ASC Topic 820 establishes a fair value hierarchy for
valuation inputs that gives the highest priority to quoted prices in active
markets for identical assets or liabilities and the lowest priority to
unobservable inputs.  The fair value hierarchy is as follows:  

Level 1
Inputs -    Unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or
liabilities that the reporting entity has the ability to access at the
measurement date   .    

Level 2
Inputs -    Inputs other than quoted prices included in Level 1 that are
observable for the asset or liability, either directly or indirectly. These
might include quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities in active
markets, quoted prices for identical or similar assets or liabilities in
markets that are not active, inputs other than quoted prices that are
observable for the asset or liability (such as interest rates, volatilities,
prepayment speeds, credit risks, etc.) or inputs that are derived principally
from, or corroborated, by market data by correlation or other means   .    

Level 3
Inputs -    Unobservable inputs for determining the fair values of assets or
liabilities that reflect an entity's own assumptions about the assumptions that
market participants would use in pricing the assets or liabilities.    

Assets and Liabilities Measured at Fair Value on a
Recurring Basis    

Securities Available for Sale.       U.S. Treasury securities are
reported at fair value utilizing Level 1 inputs.  Other securities classified
as available for sale are reported at fair value utilizing Level 2 inputs.  For
these securities, the Company obtains fair value measurements from an
independent pricing service.  The fair value measurements consider observable
data that may include dealer quotes, market spreads, cash flows, the U.S.
Treasury yield curve, live trading levels, trade execution data, credit
information and the bond s terms and conditions, among other things.   

In general, the Company does not purchase securities
that have a complicated structure.  The Company s entire portfolio consists of
traditional investments, nearly all of which are U.S. Treasury obligations,
federal agency bullet or mortgage pass-through securities, or general obligation
or revenue based municipal bonds.  Pricing for such instruments is easily
obtained.  From time to time, the Company will validate, on a sample basis,
prices supplied by the independent pricing service by comparison to prices
obtained from third-party sources or derived using internal models.   

Fair Value Swap     .  The Company entered into a
stand-alone derivative contract with the purchaser of its Visa Class B shares. 
The valuation represents the amount due and payable to the counterparty based
upon the revised share conversion rate, if any, during the period.  At
September 30, 2016, there were no amounts payable.    

   A summary of fair values for
assets and liabilities consisted of the following:      

22   

Assets Measured at Fair Value
on a Non-Recurring Basis    

Certain assets are measured at fair value on a
non-recurring basis (i.e., the assets are not measured at fair value on an
ongoing basis but are subject to fair value adjustments in certain
circumstances).  An example would be assets exhibiting evidence of impairment. 
The following is a description of valuation methodologies used for assets
measured on a non-recurring basis.     

Impaired Loans     .  Impairment for collateral dependent loans is
measured using the fair value of the collateral less selling costs.  The fair
value of collateral is determined by an independent valuation or professional
appraisal in conformance with banking regulations.  Collateral values are
estimated using Level 3 inputs due to the volatility in the real estate market,
and the judgment and estimation involved in the real estate appraisal process. 
Impaired loans are reviewed and evaluated on at least a quarterly basis for
additional impairment and adjusted accordingly.  Valuation techniques are
consistent with those techniques applied in prior periods.  Impaired collateral
dependent loans had a carrying value of $6.3 million with a valuation allowance
of $0.7 million at September 30, 2016 and $8.8 million and $0.9 million,
respectively, at December 31, 2015.   

Loans Held for Sale     .  These loans are carried at the lower of cost
or fair value and are adjusted to fair value on a non-recurring basis.  Fair
value is based on observable markets rates for comparable loan products, which
is considered a Level 2 fair value measurement.   

Other Real Estate Owned     .  During the first nine
months of 2016, certain foreclosed assets, upon initial recognition, were measured
and reported at fair value through a charge-off to the allowance for loan
losses based on the fair value of the foreclosed asset less estimated cost to
sell.  The fair value of the foreclosed asset is determined by an independent
valuation or professional appraisal in conformance with banking regulations. 
On an ongoing basis, we obtain updated appraisals on foreclosed assets and
realize valuation adjustments as necessary.  The fair value of foreclosed
assets is estimated using Level 3 inputs due to the judgment and estimation
involved in the real estate valuation process.     

Assets
and Liabilities Disclosed at Fair Value    

The Company is required to
disclose the estimated fair value of financial instruments, both assets and
liabilities, for which it is practical to estimate fair value and the following
is a description of valuation methodologies used for those assets and
liabilities.   

Cash and Short-Term
Investments.       The
carrying amount of cash and short-term investments is used to approximate fair
value, given the short time frame to maturity and as such assets do not present
unanticipated credit concerns.   

Securities Held to Maturity     .  Securities held to maturity
are valued in accordance with the methodology previously noted in this footnote
under the caption  Assets and Liabilities Measured at Fair Value on a Recurring
Basis   Securities Available for Sale .   

Loans.       The loan portfolio is segregated into categories and the
fair value of each loan category is calculated using present value techniques
based upon projected cash flows and estimated discount rates that reflect the
credit, interest rate, and liquidity risks inherent in each loan category.  The
calculated present values are then reduced by an allocation of the allowance
for loan losses against each respective loan category.   

Deposits.       The fair value of Noninterest Bearing
Deposits, NOW Accounts, Money Market Accounts and Savings Accounts are the
amounts payable on demand at the reporting date. The fair value of fixed
maturity certificates of deposit is estimated using present value techniques
and rates currently offered for deposits of similar remaining maturities.   

Subordinated Notes Payable.       The fair value of each note is calculated
using present value techniques, based upon projected cash flows and estimated
discount rates as well as rates being offered for similar obligations.   

Short-Term and Long-Term Borrowings.       The fair value of each note is
calculated using present value techniques, based upon projected cash flows and
estimated discount rates as well as rates being offered for similar debt.   

23   

A summary of estimated fair
values of significant financial instruments consisted of the following:     

All non-financial instruments are excluded from the above
table.  The disclosures also do not include
goodwill.  Accordingly, the aggregate fair value amounts presented do
not represent the underlying value of the Company.     

24   

NOTE 8            OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME    

The amounts allocated to other comprehensive income are presented
in the table below.  Reclassification adjustments related to securities held
for sale are included in net gain/loss on securities transactions in the
accompanying consolidated statements of comprehensive income.  For the periods
presented, reclassifications adjustments related to securities held for sale
was not material.       

25   

NOTE
9   ACCOUNTING STANDARDS UPDATES    

ASU 2016-01,  Financial
Instruments   Overall (Subtopic 825-10): Recognition and Measurement of
Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities.        ASU 2016-1, among other
things, (i) requires equity investments, with certain exceptions, to be
measured at fair value with changes in fair value recognized in net income,
(ii) simplifies the impairment assessment of equity investments without readily
determinable fair values by requiring a qualitative assessment to identify
impairment, (iii) eliminates the requirement for public business entities to
disclose the methods and significant assumptions used to estimate the fair
value that is required to be disclosed for financial instruments measured at
amortized cost on the balance sheet, (iv) requires public business entities to
use the exit price notion when measuring the fair value of financial
instruments for disclosure purposes, (v) requires an entity to present
separately in other comprehensive income the portion of the total change in the
fair value of a liability resulting from a change in the instrument-specific
credit risk when the entity has elected to measure the liability at fair value
in accordance with the fair value option for financial instruments, (vi)
requires separate presentation of financial assets and financial liabilities by
measurement category and form of financial asset on the balance sheet or the
accompanying notes to the financial statements and (viii) clarifies that an
entity should evaluate the need for a valuation allowance on a deferred tax
asset related to available-for-sale.  ASU 2016-1 will be effective for the
Company on January 1, 2018 and is not expected to have a significant
impact on its financial statements.   

ASU 2016-02,  Leases (Topic 842).        ASU 2016-02 requires the lease rights and
obligations arising from lease contracts, including existing and new arrangements,
to be recognized as assets and liabilities on the balance sheet.      ASU 2016-02 is effective for the Company January
1, 2019   and is not expected to have a significant
impact on its financial statements.   

ASU 2016-07,
 Investments-Equity Method and Joint Ventures (Topic 323)   Simplifying the
Transition to the Equity Method of Accounting.        ASU 2016    -07 eliminates the requirement
that when an investment qualifies for the use of the equity method as a result
in the increase in ownership interest, to retroactively apply the equity method
of accounting to all previous periods that the investment was held.  The
amendments require that the equity method investor add the cost of acquiring
the additional interest to the current basis of the investment. 
ASU 2016-07 will be effective for the Company on January 1, 2017 and
is not expected to have a significant impact on its financial statements.   

ASU 2016-09,          Compensation - Stock Compensation
(Topic 718): Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting.    
Under ASU 2016-09 all excess tax benefits and tax deficiencies related to
share-based payment awards should be recognized as income tax expense or
benefit in the income statement during the period in which they occur. 
Previously, such amounts were recorded in the pool of excess tax benefits
included in additional paid-in capital, if such pool was available.  Because
excess tax benefits are no longer recognized in additional paid-in capital, the
assumed proceeds from applying the treasury stock method when computing
earnings per share should exclude the amount of excess tax benefits that would
have previously been recognized in additional paid-in capital.  Additionally,
excess tax benefits should be classified along with other income tax cash flows
as an operating activity rather than a financing activity, as was previously
the case.  ASU 2016-09 also provides that an entity can make an entity-wide
accounting policy election to either estimate the number of awards that are
expected to vest (current GAAP) or account for forfeitures when they occur. 
ASU 2016-09 changes the threshold to qualify for equity classification
(rather than as a liability) to permit withholding up to the maximum statutory
tax rates (rather than the minimum as was previously the case) in the
applicable jurisdictions.  ASU 2016-09 will be effective for the Company
on January 1, 2017 and is not expected to have a significant impact on its
financial statements.   

ASU 2016-13,  Financial Instruments  
Credit Losses (Topic 326): Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial
Statements.      
ASU 2016-13 requires the measurement of all expected credit losses for
financial assets held at the reporting date based on historical experience,
current conditions, and reasonable and supportable forecasts and requires
enhanced disclosures related to the significant estimates and judgments used in
estimating credit losses, as well as the credit quality and underwriting
standards of an organization s portfolio. In addition, ASU 2016-13 amends
the accounting for credit losses on available-for-sale debt securities and
purchased financial assets with credit deterioration.  ASU 2016-13 will be
effective for the Company on January 1, 2020.  The Company is currently
evaluating the potential impact of ASU 2016-13 on its financial
statements.   

ASU 2016-15,  Statement of Cash Flows
(Topic 230): Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments.       ASU 2016-15 addresses eight
classification issues related to the statement of cash flow.   The issues are
(i) debt prepayment or debt extinguishment costs, (ii) settlement of zero-coupon
debt instruments or other debt instruments with coupon interest rates that are
insignificant in relation to the effective interest rate of the borrowing,
(iii) contingent consideration payments made after a business combination, (iv)
proceeds from the settlement of insurance claims, (v) proceeds from the
settlement of corporate-owned life insurance policies (COLIs) (including
bank-owned life insurance policies (BOLIs)), (vi) distributions received from
equity method investees, (vii) beneficial interests in securitization
transactions, and (viii) separately identifiable cash flows and application of
the predominance principle. ASU 2016-15 will be effective for the Company on
January 1, 2018 and is not expected to have a significant impact on its financial
statements.      

26   

Item
2.                   MANAGEMENT'S
DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS    

Management s discussion and analysis ( MD A )
provides supplemental information, which sets forth the major factors that have
affected our financial condition and results of operations and should be read
in conjunction with the Consolidated Financial Statements and related notes. 
The following information should provide a better understanding of the major
factors and trends that affect our earnings performance and financial
condition, and how our performance during 2016 compares with prior years. 
Throughout this section, Capital City Bank Group, Inc., and subsidiaries,
collectively, is referred to as  CCBG,   Company, 
 we,   us,  or  our.    

CAUTION CONCERNING FORWARD-LOOKING
STATEMENTS    

This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, including this MD A
section, contains  forward-looking statements  within the meaning of
the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995.  These forward-looking
statements include, among others, statements about our beliefs, plans,
objectives, goals, expectations, estimates and intentions that are subject to
significant risks and uncertainties and are subject to change based on various
factors, many of which are beyond our control.  The words  may, 
 could,   should,   would,   believe, 
 anticipate,   estimate,   expect, 
 intend,   plan,   target,   goal,  and
similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements.   

All forward-looking statements, by their nature, are subject to
risks and uncertainties.  Our actual future results may differ materially from
those set forth in our forward-looking statements.  Please see the Introductory
Note and    Item 1A. Risk Factors      of our 2015 Report on Form 10-K, as updated in our
subsequent quarterly reports filed on Form 10-Q, and in our other filings made
from time to time with the SEC after the date of this report.   

However, other factors besides those listed in our Quarterly
Report or in our Annual Report also could adversely affect our results, and you
should not consider any such list of factors to be a complete set of all
potential risks or uncertainties.  Any forward-looking statements made by us or
on our behalf speak only as of the date they are made.  We do not undertake to
update any forward-looking statement, except as required by applicable law.   

BUSINESS OVERVIEW    

We are a financial holding company headquartered in Tallahassee,
Florida, and we are the parent of our wholly-owned subsidiary, Capital City
Bank (the  Bank  or  CCB ).  The Bank offers a broad array
of products and services through a total of 60 full-service offices located in
Florida, Georgia, and Alabama.  The Bank offers commercial and retail banking
services, as well as trust and asset management, retail securities brokerage
and data processing services.   

Our profitability, like most financial institutions, is dependent to
a large extent upon net interest income, which is the difference between the
interest and fees received on earning assets, such as loans and securities, and
the interest paid on interest-bearing liabilities, principally deposits and
borrowings.  Results of operations are also affected by the provision for loan
losses, operating expenses such as salaries and employee benefits, occupancy
and other operating expenses including income taxes, and noninterest income
such as deposit fees, wealth management fees, mortgage banking fees, bank card
fees, and data processing fees.   

A detailed discussion regarding the economic conditions in our
markets and our long-term strategic objectives is included as part of the
MD A section of our 2015 Form 10-K.   

NON-GAAP FINANCIAL MEASURE    

We present a tangible common equity ratio that     removes the effect of goodwill resulting
from merger and acquisition activity.  We believe this measure is useful to
investors because     it allows
investors to more easily compare our capital adequacy to other companies in the
industry. The GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation is provided below.   

27   

28   

FINANCIAL
OVERVIEW   

A
summary overview of our financial performance is provided below.  

Results of Operations   

Net
income of $2.9 million, or $0.17 per diluted share, for the third quarter of 2016
compared to net income of $3.9 million, or $0.22 per diluted share, for the
second quarter of 2016, and net income of $1.7 million, or $0.09 per diluted
share for the third quarter of 2015.  For the first nine months of 2016, we
realized net income of $8.4 million, or $0.49 per diluted share, compared to
net income of $6.5 million, or $0.37 per diluted share, for the same period of 2015. 

Tax
equivalent net interest income for the third quarter of 2016 was $19.6 million
comparable to the second quarter of 2016 and $19.3 million for the third
quarter of 2015.     During the third quarter of 2016,
overnight funds were used to fund growth in the loan and investment portfolios
resulting in a positive shift in our earning asset mix.  This positive shift
was partially offset by some one-time adjustments to interest income.     The increase over the third
quarter of 2015 primarily reflects growth in the investment portfolio and a
higher rate paid on overnight funds, partially offset by a decline in loan
fees.  For the first nine months of 2016, tax equivalent net interest income totaled
$58.6 million compared to $57.0 million in 2015.  The year-over-year increase
was driven by one additional calendar day, and growth in the loan and
investment portfolios.  

Total
credit costs (loan loss provision plus other real estate owned ( OREO )
expenses) were $0.8 million, $1.0 million, and $1.7 million for the quarters
ended September 30, 2016, June 30, 2016, and September 30, 2015, respectively. 
Total credit costs for the nine month period of 2016 were $3.7 million compared
to $4.8 million for the same period of 2015.  Lower loan charge-offs and strong
loan recoveries have favorably impacted our loan loss provision and the
reduction in OREO expense reflects lower property valuation adjustments and
carrying costs.    

Noninterest
income for the third quarter of 2016 totaled $13.0 million, a decrease of $2.2
million, or 14.5%, from the second quarter of 2016 and $0.2 million, or 1.6%, from
the third quarter of 2015.  For the first nine months of 2016, noninterest income
totaled $40.9 million, unchanged from the prior year.  The decrease from the
second quarter of 2016 was attributable to a $2.5 million gain from the partial
retirement of our trust preferred securities ( TRUPs ) in the second quarter of
2016, partially offset by higher mortgage banking fees of $0.2 million and
wealth management fees of $0.1 million.  The decrease from the third quarter of
2015 was due to lower deposit fees of $0.3 million and bank card fees of $0.1
million, partially offset by higher mortgage banking fees of $0.2 million.    

Noninterest
expense (excluding OREO expense) for the third quarter of 2016 totaled $27.2
million, a decrease of $0.4 million, or 1.6%, from the second quarter of 2016
and $0.7 million, or 2.4%, from the third quarter of 2015.  The decrease from the
second quarter of 2016 was primarily attributable to lower FDIC insurance
expense of $0.3 million and legal fees of $0.2 million.  The decline from the
third quarter of 2015 reflects lower compensation expense of $0.6 million and
FDIC insurance of $0.3 million, partially offset by higher occupancy expense of
$0.2 million.  For the first nine months of 2016, noninterest expense
(excluding OREO expense) totaled $82.3 million, a decrease of $0.9 million, or 1.1%,
from the same period of 2015 primarily due to lower compensation expense of
$1.3 million and FDIC insurance expense of $0.4 million, that was partially
offset by higher occupancy expense of $0.7 million.  

Financial Condition   

Average
earning assets totaled $2.418 billion for the third quarter of 2016, a decrease
of $29.8 million, or 1.2%, from the second quarter of 2016, and an increase of $64.2
million, or 2.7%, over the fourth quarter of 2015.  The reduction in earning
assets from the second quarter of 2016 was attributable to lower overnight
funds, which reflects a decline in repurchase agreements.  The increase
compared to the fourth quarter of 2015 reflects increases in noninterest
bearing, NOW, and savings accounts which primarily funded the growth in the loan
and investment portfolios.   

Average loans
increased by $24.1 million, or 1.6%, over the second quarter of 2016 and $63.4
million, or 4.3%, over the fourth quarter of 2015.  The increase compared to
the second quarter of 2016 reflects growth primarily in institutional, construction,
and consumer loans.  Growth over the fourth quarter of 2015 was experienced in
all loan products, with the exception of commercial mortgages.     

Nonperforming
assets totaled $21.4 million at the end of the third quarter of 2016, a
decrease of $1.4 million from the second quarter of 2016 and $8.2 million from
the fourth quarter of 2015.  Nonperforming assets represented 0.78% of total
assets at September 30, 2016 compared to 0.83% at June 30, 2016 and 1.06% at
December 31, 2015.  

As of September
30, 2016, we were well-capitalized with a risk based capital ratio of 16.28%
and a tangible common equity ratio of 7.19% compared to 16.44% and 7.08%,
respectively, at June 30, 2016, and 17.25% and 6.99%, respectively, at December
31, 2015.  The lower risk based capital ratio compared to the fourth quarter of
2015 reflects the retirement of $10 million of our TRUPs and the repurchase of
432,000 shares of CCBG common stock.  All of our regulatory capital ratios
significantly exceed the threshold to be well-capitalized under the Basel III
capital standards.    

29   

RESULTS
OF OPERATIONS    

Net
Income    

For the third quarter of 2016,
we realized net income of $2.9 million, or $0.17 per diluted share, compared to
net income of $3.9 million, or $0.22 per diluted share for the second quarter
of 2016, and net income of $1.7 million, or $0.09 per diluted share, for the third
quarter of 2015.  For the first nine months of 2016, we realized net income of $8.4
million, or $0.49 per diluted share, compared to net income of $6.5 million, or
$0.37 per diluted share for the same period of 2015.       

Compared to the second quarter of 2016,
performance reflects lower noninterest expense of $0.7 million and income taxes
of $0.6 million, partially offset by lower noninterest income of $2.2 million
and a $0.1 million increase in the loan loss provision.   

Compared to the third quarter of 2015, the
increase in earnings reflects lower noninterest expense of $1.1 million, higher
net interest income of $0.3 million, and a $0.4 million reduction in the loan
loss provision, partially offset by a $0.2 million decrease in noninterest
income and higher income taxes of $0.4 million.   

The increase in earnings for the first nine
months of 2016 versus the comparable period of 2015 was attributable to higher net
interest income of $1.4 million, lower noninterest expense of $1.3 million, and
a $0.7 million reduction in the loan loss provision, partially offset by higher
income taxes of $1.5 million.   

A condensed
earnings summary of each major component of our financial performance is
provided below:   

Net
Interest Income    

Net interest income represents our single largest source of
earnings and is equal to interest income and fees generated by earning assets
less interest expense paid on interest bearing liabilities.  This
information is provided on a  taxable equivalent  basis to reflect
the tax-exempt status of income earned on certain loans and investments, the
majority of which are state and local government debt obligations.  We provide
an analysis of our net interest income including average yields and rates in
Table I on page 42.   

Tax equivalent net interest income was $19.6 million for both the
third quarter of 2016 and the second quarter of 2016 and $19.3 million for the
third quarter of 2015.  During the third quarter, overnight funds were
used to fund growth in the loan and investment portfolios resulting in a
positive shift in our earning asset mix.  This positive shift was partially
offset by some one-time adjustments to interest income. For the first nine
months of 2016, tax equivalent net interest income totaled $58.6 million
compared to $57.0 million for the same period of 2015.  The increase in tax
equivalent net interest income compared to the third quarter of 2015 reflects
growth in the investment portfolio and a higher rate paid on overnight funds,
partially offset by a decline in loan fees.  The year over year increase was
driven by one additional calendar day, and growth in the loan and investment
portfolios.    

30   

Although the low interest rate environment
continues to put downward pressure on our net interest income, we have been
successful in increasing our net interest income year-over-year.  Additionally,
aggressive lending competition in all markets has impacted the pricing for
loans. Low rates and competition, collectively, continue to adversely impact
our loan yields.  Various loan strategies, which align with our overall risk
appetite, continue to be developed and implemented to enhance our performance.   

Our net interest margin for the third quarter of 2016 was 3.23%,
an increase of one basis point over the second quarter of 2016 and a decrease
of eight basis points from the third quarter of 2015.  The increase in the
margin compared to the second quarter of 2016 was primarily attributable to
growth in our loan and investment portfolios, coupled with a slight decline in
the level of earning assets.  The decrease in the margin compared to the third
quarter of 2015 was primarily attributable to lower loan yields.  For the first
nine months of 2016, the net interest margin declined by seven basis points to
3.22% compared to the same period of 2015 due to a combination of earning asset
growth and lower loan yields.   

We continue to maintain short duration
portfolios on both sides of the balance sheet and believe we are well
positioned to respond to changing market conditions.  Over time, this
strategy has historically produced fairly consistent outcomes and a net
interest margin that is significantly above peer comparisons.   

Provision
for Loan Losses    

A loan loss provision was not recorded for
the third quarter of 2016 reflecting continued reduction in loan charge-offs as
well as strong loan recoveries.  This compares to a negative provision expense
of $0.1 million for the second quarter of 2016 and a $0.4 million provision
expense for the third quarter of 2015.  For the first nine months of 2016, the
loan loss provision totaled $0.4 million compared to $1.1 million for the same
period of 2015.  The decrease in the year-to-date provision reflects continued
favorable problem loan migration and lower net loan charge-offs, partially
offset by growth in the loan portfolio.  We realized net loan recoveries of $0.1
million (consisting of recoveries of $0.9 million, less gross charge-offs of
$0.8 million) for the third quarter of 2016.  This compares to net recoveries
of $0.2 million (consisting of recoveries of $1.3 million, less gross
charge-offs of $1.1 million) for the second quarter of 2016.  Net loan
charge-offs for the third quarter of 2015 totaled $0.9 million, or 0.24%
(annualized) of average loans.  For the first nine months of 2016, net
charge-offs totaled $0.6 million, or 0.05% (annualized) of average loans
compared to $3.9 million, or 0.35% (annualized), for the same period of 2015. 
At quarter-end, the allowance for loan losses of $13.7 million was 0.88% of
outstanding loans (net of overdrafts) and provided coverage of 160% of
nonperforming loans compared to 0.89% and 167%, respectively, at June 30, 2016
and 0.93% and 135%, respectively, at December 31, 2015.   

31   

Noninterest
Income    

Noninterest income for the third quarter of 2016 totaled $13.0
million, a decrease of $2.2 million, or 14.5%, from the second quarter of 2016
and $0.2 million, or 1.6%, from the third quarter of 2015.  The decrease from
the second quarter of 2016 was primarily due to lower income of $2.5 million
attributable to a gain from the retirement of our TRUPs in the second quarter
of 2016, partially offset by higher mortgage banking fees of $0.2 million and
wealth management fees of $0.1 million.  Compared to the third quarter of 2015,
the decrease was attributable to lower deposit fees of $0.3 million and bank
card fees of $0.1 million, partially offset by higher mortgage banking fees of
$0.2 million.  For the first nine months of 2016, noninterest income totaled $40.9
million, unchanged from the prior year.    

Noninterest income represented
40.2% of operating revenues (net interest income plus noninterest income) in
the third quarter of 2016 compared to 44.0% in the second quarter of 2016 and 41.0%
in the third quarter of 2015.  For the first nine months of 2016, noninterest
income represented 41.4% of operating revenues compared to 42.0% for the same
period of 2015.    

32   

The table below reflects the
major components of noninterest income.   

Significant components of noninterest income are
discussed in more detail below.   

Deposit Fees     .  Deposit fees for the third quarter of 2016 totaled
$5.4 million, an increase of $0.1 million, or 1.0%, over the second quarter of 2016
and a decrease of $0.3 million, or 6.1%, from the third quarter of 2015.  For
the first nine months of 2016, deposit fees totaled $16.1 million, a decrease
of $0.8 million, or 5.0%, from the comparable period of 2015.  The increase
from the second quarter of 2016 was primarily due to higher overdraft service
fees.  The decrease from both prior year periods reflects     lower overdraft service fees attributable
to a reduction in accounts using this service as well as lower utilization by
existing users.   

Wealth Management Fees     .  Wealth management fees, which include both trust fees (i.e.,
managed accounts, trusts/estates, and retirement plans) and retail brokerage
fees (i.e., investment and insurance products) totaled $1.8 million for the third
quarter of 2016, an increase of $0.1 million, or 5.0%, over the second quarter
of 2016 and  unchanged from the third quarter of 2015.  For the first nine
months of 2016, wealth management fees totaled $5.3 million, a decrease of $0.3
million, or 6.8%, from the same period of 2015.  The increase over the second
quarter was primarily due to higher trust fees.  The decrease from the prior
year periods was primarily due to lower retail brokerage fees reflecting lower
trading volume by our clients, partially offset by higher trust fees reflecting
an increase in assets under management.  At September 30, 2016, total assets
under management were approximately $1.192 billion compared to $1.139 billion
at December 31, 2015 and $1.182 billion at September 30, 2015.   

Mortgage Banking Fees     .  Mortgage banking fees totaled $1.5 million for the third
quarter of 2016, an increase of $0.2 million, or 18.6%, over the second quarter
of 2016 and an increase of $0.2 million, or 15.1%, over the third quarter of 2015. 
For the first nine months of 2016, fees totaled $3.8 million, an increase of $0.3
million, or 8.7%, over the same period of 2015.  We continue to realize strong
residential home sales activity in our markets which drove the increase for all
periods.    

Other     .  Other income totaled $1.2 million for the third
quarter of 2016, a decrease of $2.5 million, or 66.9%, from the second quarter
of 2016 and an increase of $0.1 million, or 7.3%, over the third quarter of 2015.   
The decrease from the second quarter of 2016 was attributable to a $2.5 million
gain from the retirement of our TRUPs in the second quarter of 2016.  The
increase compared to the third quarter of 2015 was primarily due to higher
working capital finance fees.  For the first nine months of 2016, other income
increased $1.0 million, or 19.1%, compared to the same period of 2015 and
primarily reflects the $2.5 million TRUPs gain that was partially offset by
lower BOLI income of $1.7 million.     

Noninterest
Expense    

Noninterest expense for the third quarter of 2016 totaled $28.0
million, a decrease of $0.7 million, or 2.4%, from the second quarter of 2016
attributable to lower FDIC insurance expense of $0.3 million, legal fees of
$0.2 million, and OREO expense of $0.2 million.  Compared to the third quarter
of 2015, noninterest expense decreased by $1.1 million, or 3.9%, primarily attributable
to lower compensation expense of $0.7 million, OREO expense of $0.5 million,
and FDIC insurance expense of $0.5 million, partially offset by higher
occupancy expense of $0.3 million.  For the first nine months of 2016,
noninterest expense totaled $85.7 million, a decrease of $1.3 million, or 1.5%,
from the same period of 2015 reflective of lower compensation expense of $1.3
million, OREO expense of $0.4 million, and FDIC insurance expense of $0.4
million, partially offset by higher occupancy expense of $0.7 million.  Expense
management is an important part of our culture and strategic focus and we
continue to review and evaluate opportunities to optimize our operations,
reduce operating costs and manage our discretionary expenses.   

33   

Significant components of noninterest expense are
discussed in more detail below.   

Compensation     . 
Compensation expense totaled $16.0 million for the third quarter of 2016, a
decrease of $0.1 million, or 0.4%, from the second quarter of 2016 primarily due
to a reduction in salary expense, specifically lower payroll taxes.  Compared
to the third quarter of 2015, total compensation expense decreased $0.7
million, or 4.0%, attributable a reduction in associate benefit expense,
primarily pension plan expense.  For the first nine months of 2016,
compensation expense totaled $48.3 million, a decrease of $1.3 million, or 2.6%,
from the same period of 2015 due to lower salary expense of $1.2 million and
associate benefit expense of $0.1 million.  The decrease in salary expense was
primarily attributable to a higher level of deferred loan costs (which reduces
salary expense).  The decrease in associate benefit expense reflects a
reduction in our pension plan expense.   

Occupancy.      
Occupancy expense (including premises and equipment) totaled $4.7 million for
the third quarter of 2016, an increase of $0.2 million, or 3.3%, over the second
quarter of 2016 reflective of higher maintenance agreement expense for
furniture/equipment.  Compared to the third quarter of 2015, occupancy expense
increased $0.3 million, or 6.5%, and compared to the first nine months of 2015,
increased $0.7 million, or 5.2%.  The increase over both prior year periods
primarily reflects higher depreciation expense for technology investment in our
banking offices and security infrastructure and, to a lesser extent, higher
maintenance costs for building and furniture/equipment.      

34   

Other     .  Other noninterest expense
decreased $0.8 million, or 9.6%, from the second quarter of 2016, and $0.8
million, or 9.5%, from the third quarter of 2015.  Compared to the second
quarter of 2016, the decrease was primarily attributable to lower OREO expense
of $0.2 million, FDIC insurance expense of $0.3 million, legal fees of $0.2
million, and miscellaneous expense of $0.3 million, partially offset by higher
telephone expense of $0.1 million.  The decrease in OREO expense primarily
reflects lower property valuation adjustments.  The reduction in FDIC insurance
expense was attributable to a lower assessment rate structure enacted by the
FDIC during the third quarter of 2016.  The recovery of legal costs related to
a successful problem loan workout drove the decline in legal expense.  The decline
in miscellaneous expense was attributable to a lower level of debit card
losses.  The increase in telephone expense reflects one-time costs related to
the implementation of a new phone system.      Compared to the third quarter of 2015, the decrease was due to lower
OREO expense of $0.5 million, FDIC insurance expense of $0.3 million, and lower
legal fees of $0.2 million, partially offset by higher telephone expense of
$0.2 million.  For the first nine months of 2016, other expense decreased $0.7
million, or 3.0%, from the same period of 2015, attributable to lower OREO
expense of $0.4 million, FDIC insurance expense of $0.4 million, and legal fees
$0.2 million, partially offset by higher advertising expense of $0.3 million. 
Compared to the three and nine-month periods of 2015, the variance in OREO
expense reflects lower property valuation adjustments and property carrying
costs.  The variances in FDIC insurance expense, legal fees, and telephone
expense were due to the same factors noted above for the third quarter.  The
increase in advertising expense for the nine-month period was due to a higher
volume of advertising campaigns related to various bank products.    

Our operating efficiency ratio (expressed as
noninterest expense as a percent of the sum of taxable-equivalent net interest
income plus noninterest income) was 85.92% for the third quarter of 2016
compared to 82.40% for the second quarter of 2016 and 89.79% for the third
quarter of 2015.  For the first nine months of 2016, this ratio was 86.05%
compared to 88.90% for the comparable period of 2015.   

Income
Taxes    

We realized income tax expense of $1.4
million (33% effective rate) for the third quarter of 2016 compared to $2.0
million (34% effective rate) for the second of 2016 and $1.0 million (38%
effective rate) for the third quarter of 2015.  For the first nine months
of 2016, income tax expense totaled $4.3 million (34% effective rate) compared
to $2.8 million (30% effective rate) for the same period of 2015.  The receipt
of $1.7 million in BOLI proceeds in the second quarter of 2015 was tax-exempt, therefore
income tax expense for the nine-month period of 2015 was favorably impacted.     

FINANCIAL CONDITION    

Average assets totaled approximately $2.734 billion for the third
quarter of 2016, a decrease of $33.4 million, or 1.2%, from the second quarter
of 2016, and an increase of $56.3 million, or 2.1%, over the fourth quarter of
2015. Average earning assets were $2.418 billion for the third quarter of 2016,
a decrease of $29.8 million, or 1.2%, from the second quarter of 2016, and an
increase of $64.2 million, or 2.7%, over the fourth quarter of 2015.  The
reduction in earning assets from the second quarter of 2016 was attributable to
a reduction in interest-bearing liabilities.  The increase compared to the
fourth quarter of 2015 reflects increases in noninterest bearing, NOW, and
savings accounts which, in conjunction with a reduction in overnight funds, funded
the growth in the loan and investment portfolios    

Investment Securities    

In the third quarter of 2016, our average investment portfolio
increased $34.5 million, or 5.2%, over the second quarter of 2016 and increased
$57.5 million, or 9.0%, over the fourth quarter of 2015.  As a percentage of
average earning assets, the investment portfolio represented 28.8% in the third
quarter of 2016, compared to 27.0% in the second quarter of 2016, and 27.1% in
the fourth quarter of 2015.  The increase in the average balance of the
investment portfolio compared to the second quarter of 2016 was primarily
attributable to increased purchases of SBA agency bonds and Ginnie Mae
mortgage-backed securities. The increase compared to the fourth quarter of 2015
was primarily attributable to an increase in U.S. Treasury purchases. For the
remainder of 2016, it is anticipated that cash flow from the investment
portfolio will be reinvested into securities. We plan to continue closely
monitoring liquidity levels, as well as look for new investment products that
are prudent relative to our risk profile and overall investment strategy.   

The investment portfolio is a significant component of our operations
and, as such, it functions as a key element of liquidity and asset/liability
management.  Two types of classifications are approved for investment
securities which are Available-for-Sale ( AFS ) and Held-to-Maturity ( HTM ). 
During the third quarter of 2016, securities were purchased under both the AFS
and HTM designations.  As of September 30, 2016, $500.1 million, or 72.5%, of
the investment portfolio was classified as AFS, and $189.9 million, or 27.5%,
classified as HTM.   

35   

At acquisition, the
classification of the security will be determined based on how the purchase
will affect our asset/liability strategy and future business plans and
opportunities.  Such decisions will be weighed against multiple factors,
including regulatory capital requirements, volatility in earnings or other
comprehensive income, and liquidity needs.  Securities in the AFS portfolio are
recorded at fair value with unrealized gains and losses associated with these
securities recorded net of tax, in the accumulated other comprehensive income
component of shareowners  equity.  Securities that are HTM will be acquired or
owned with the intent of holding them to maturity (final payment date).  HTM
investments are measured at amortized cost.          It is neither management s current intent nor practice to
participate in the trading of investment securities for the purpose of
recognizing gains and therefore we do not maintain a trading portfolio.   

At September 30, 2016, the investment portfolio had a net pre-tax
unrealized gain in the AFS portfolio of $1.7 million compared to an unrealized
gain of $2.8 million and $1.6 million at June 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015,
respectively.      At September
30, 2016, there were 165 positions (combined AFS and HTM) with unrealized
losses at quarter end totaling $0.3 million. Of the 165 positions, 69 were
Ginnie Mae mortgage-backed securities (GNMA), U.S. Treasuries, or SBA
securities, all of which carry the full faith and credit guarantee of the U.S.
Government. SBA securities float monthly or quarterly to the prime rate and are
uncapped. Of these 69 positions, there were 20 GNMA positions and 24 SBA
positions in an unrealized loss position for longer than 12 months, which have
unrealized losses totaling $59k and $50k, respectively. Six direct debt agency
positions had an unrealized loss of $14k. There were 90 municipal bonds in an
unrealized loss position that were pre-refunded, or rated  AA- or better, with
unrealized losses of $46k. None of these positions with unrealized losses are
considered impaired, and all are expected to mature at par.   

The average maturity of the total portfolio at September 30, 2016
was 1.76 years compared to 1.81 years and 1.83 years at June 30, 2016 and
December 31, 2015, respectively.  The average life of the total portfolio at September
30, 2016 was slightly shorter compared to the prior quarter due primarily to the
natural aging of the existing portfolio.     

Loans    

Average loans increased $24.1 million, or 1.6% when compared to
the second quarter of 2016, and have grown $63.4 million, or 4.3% when compared
to the fourth quarter of 2015.  The increase compared to the second quarter of
2016 reflects growth primarily in institutional, construction, and consumer
loans.  Growth over the fourth quarter of 2015 was experienced in all loan
products, with the exception of commercial mortgages.     

The resolution of problem loans totaled $1.7 million for the third
quarter of 2016 ($0.8 million in net charge offs and $0.9 million transferred
to ORE), compared to $2.3 million for the second quarter of 2016 ($1.1 million
in net charge offs and $1.2 million transferred to ORE), and $3.5 million for the
fourth quarter 2015 ($1.9 million in net charge offs and $1.6 million
transferred to ORE).  The problem loan resolutions are based on  as of 
balances, not averages    .   

Without compromising our credit standards or taking on inordinate
interest rate risk, we continue to make minor modifications on some of our
lending programs to try to mitigate the impact that consumer and business
deleveraging is having on our portfolio.  These programs, coupled with economic
improvements in our anchor markets, have helped to increase overall production.   

Nonperforming
Assets    

Nonperforming assets (nonaccrual loans and OREO) totaled $21.4
million at the end of the third quarter of 2016, a decrease of $1.4 million, or
6%, from the second quarter of 2016 and $8.2 million, or 28%, from the fourth
quarter of 2015.  Nonaccrual loans totaled $8.6 million at the end of the third
quarter of 2016, an increase of $0.4 million over the second quarter of 2016 and
a decrease of $1.7 million from the fourth quarter of 2015.  Nonaccrual loan
additions totaled $2.8 million in the third quarter of 2016 and $9.1 million
for the first nine months of 2016, compared to $12.1 million for the same
period of 2015.  The balance of OREO totaled $12.8 million at the end of the third
quarter of 2016, a decrease of $1.8 million and $6.5 million, respectively,
from the second quarter of 2016 and fourth quarter of 2015.  For the third
quarter of 2016, we added properties totaling $0.9 million, sold properties
totaling $2.3 million, and recorded valuation adjustments totaling $0.4
million.  For the first nine months of 2016, we added properties totaling $3.3
million, sold properties totaling $7.9 million, and recorded valuation
adjustments totaling $1.9 million.  Nonperforming assets represented 0.78% of
total assets at September 30, 2016 compared to 0.83% at June 30, 2016 and 1.06%
at December 31, 2015.   

36   

(1)                Nonperforming
TDRs are included in the Nonaccrual/NPL totals    

37   

Allowance for Loan Losses    

We maintain an allowance for loan losses at a level that
management believes to be sufficient to provide for probable losses inherent in
the loan portfolio as of the balance sheet date.  Credit losses arise from
borrowers  inability or unwillingness to repay, and from other risks inherent
in the lending process, including collateral risk, operations risk,
concentration risk and economic risk.  All related risks of lending are considered
when assessing the adequacy of the loan loss reserve.  The allowance for loan
losses is established through a provision charged to expense.  Loans are
charged against the allowance when management believes collection of the
principal is unlikely.  The allowance for loan losses is based on management's
judgment of overall loan quality.  This is a significant estimate based on a
detailed analysis of the loan portfolio.  The balance can and will change based
on changes in the assessment of the loan portfolio's overall credit quality.    
   We evaluate the adequacy of the allowance for loan losses on a quarterly
basis.   

The allowance for loan losses was $13.7 million at September
30, 2016 unchanged from June 30, 2016 and $14.0 million at December 31, 2015. 
The allowance for loan losses was 0.88% of outstanding loans and provided
coverage of 160% of nonperforming loans at September 30, 2016 compared to 0.89%
and 167%, respectively, at June 30, 2016 and 0.93% and 135%, respectively, at
December 31, 2015.      The
decrease in the allowance from December 31, 2015 was attributable to continued
favorable problem loan migration and lower net loan charge-offs, partially
offset by growth in the loan portfolio.    It is
management s opinion that the allowance at September 30, 2016 was adequate to
absorb losses inherent in the loan portfolio at quarter-end.   

Deposits    

Average total deposits were $2.289 billion for the third quarter
of 2016, an increase of $12.2 million, or 0.5%, over the second quarter of
2016, and an increase of $114.0 million, or 5.2% over the fourth quarter of
2015. The increase in deposits when compared to the second quarter of 2016
reflects growth in all deposit products except noninterest bearing checking
accounts (primarily due to one large, non-core client), public NOW deposits,
and certificates of deposit.  Compared to the fourth quarter of 2015, growth
was experienced in all product types except money market accounts and
certificates of deposit.  Seasonal public funds balances are expected to reach
the low point of this cycle mid-way through the fourth quarter, and increase
late in the fourth quarter 2016.  Deposit levels remain strong, as the seasonal
decline in public NOW accounts was partially offset by increases in savings and
high performance checking accounts during the quarter.  Average core deposits
continue to experience growth in this low rate environment. Competitive rates
continue to be monitored as a prudent pricing discipline remains the key to
managing our mix of deposits.   

MARKET RISK AND INTEREST RATE SENSITIVITY    

Market Risk and Interest Rate Sensitivity    

Overview.      Market
risk management arises from changes in interest rates, exchange rates, commodity
prices, and equity prices.  We have risk management policies to monitor and
limit exposure to market risk and do not participate in activities that give
rise to significant market risk involving exchange rates, commodity prices, or
equity prices.  In asset and liability management activities, our policies are
designed to minimize structural interest rate risk.   

38   

Interest Rate Risk Management.      Our net income is largely dependent on net
interest income.  Net interest income is susceptible to interest rate risk to
the degree that interest-bearing liabilities mature or re-price on a different
basis than interest-earning assets.  When interest-bearing liabilities mature
or re-price more quickly than interest-earning assets in a given period, a
significant increase in market rates of interest could adversely affect net
interest income.  Similarly, when interest-earning assets mature or re-price
more quickly than interest-bearing liabilities, falling interest rates could
result in a decrease in net interest income.  Net interest income is also
affected by changes in the portion of interest-earning assets that are funded
by interest-bearing liabilities rather than by other sources of funds, such as
noninterest-bearing deposits and shareowners  equity.   

We have established a comprehensive interest rate risk management
policy, which is administered by management s Asset/Liability Management
Committee ( ALCO ).  The policy establishes limits of risk, which are
quantitative measures of the percentage change in net interest income (a
measure of net interest income at risk) and the fair value of equity capital (a
measure of economic value of equity ( EVE ) at risk) resulting from a
hypothetical change in interest rates for maturities from one day to 30 years. 
We measure the potential adverse impacts that changing interest rates may have
on our short-term earnings, long-term value, and liquidity by employing
simulation analysis through the use of computer modeling.  The simulation model
captures optionality factors such as call features and interest rate caps and
floors imbedded in investment and loan portfolio contracts.  As with any method
of gauging interest rate risk, there are certain shortcomings inherent in the
interest rate modeling methodology used by us.  When interest rates change,
actual movements in different categories of interest-earning assets and
interest-bearing liabilities, loan prepayments, and withdrawals of time and
other deposits, may deviate significantly from assumptions used in the model. 
Finally, the methodology does not measure or reflect the impact that higher
rates may have on adjustable-rate loan clients  ability to service their debts,
or the impact of rate changes on demand for loan and deposit products.   

We prepare a current base case and several alternative
simulations, at least once per quarter, and report the analysis to the Board of
Directors.  In addition, more frequent forecasts may be produced when interest
rates are particularly uncertain or when other business conditions so dictate.   

Our interest rate risk management goal is to avoid unacceptable
variations in net interest income and capital levels due to fluctuations in
market rates.  Management attempts to achieve this goal by balancing, within
policy limits, the volume of floating-rate liabilities with a similar volume of
floating-rate assets, by keeping the average maturity of fixed-rate asset and
liability contracts reasonably matched, by maintaining our core deposits as a
significant component of our total funding sources, and by adjusting pricing
rates to market conditions on a continuing basis.   

The balance sheet is subject to testing for interest rate shock
possibilities to indicate the inherent interest rate risk.  Average interest
rates are shocked by plus or minus 100, 200, 300, and 400 basis points ( bp ),
although we may elect not to use particular scenarios that we determined are
impractical in a current rate environment.  It is management s goal to
structure the balance sheet so that net interest earnings at risk over a
12-month period and the economic value of equity at risk do not exceed policy
guidelines at the various interest rate shock levels.   

We augment our interest rate shock analysis with alternative
external interest rate scenarios on a quarterly basis.  These alternative
interest rate scenarios may include non-parallel rate ramps.   

Analysis     .        Measures of net interest income at risk produced by simulation
analysis are indicators of an institution s short-term performance in
alternative rate environments.  These measures are typically based upon a
relatively brief period, usually one year. They do not necessarily indicate the
long-term prospects or economic value of the institution.   

The Net Interest Income at Risk position improved at the end of
the third quarter of 2016 when compared to the prior quarter-end for all rate
scenarios with the exception of rates down 100 bps.  The unfavorable change
from the prior quarter-end in this rate scenario reflects higher rates on the
short-end, resulting in increased exposure to falling rates. In addition, this
analysis incorporates an instantaneous, parallel shock and assumes we move with
market rates and do not lag our deposit rates. All measures of net interest
income at risk are within our prescribed policy.   

39   

The measures of equity value at risk
indicate our ongoing economic value by considering the effects of changes in
interest rates on all of our cash flows, and discounting the cash flows to
estimate the present value of assets and liabilities.  The difference between
these discounted values of the assets and liabilities is the economic value of
equity, which, in theory, approximates the fair value of our net assets.   

As
of September 30, 2016, the economic value of equity in all rate scenarios
versus the base case was more favorable than it was as of June 30, 2016.  The
EVE in the rates down 100 bps scenario remains outside of the desired
parameters as exposure to falling rates is more extreme due to the low level of
current deposit costs and limited capacity to reduce those costs relative to
comparable discount benchmarks used to value them. To bring this metric into
compliance with our policy limits in the down 100 scenario would require the bank
to extend its asset duration considerably, which we do not believe is prudent
given the current historically low interest rate environment. Note that if the
non-maturity deposit values in a rate down 100 bps scenario are assumed to
remain unchanged from the flat rate scenario so as not to be valued above book
value, EVE is more favorable and within compliance at 9.0%.   

(1)             Down 200 and 300 bp scenarios
have been excluded due to the current historically low interest rate
environment.   

LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES    

Liquidity    

In general terms, liquidity is a measurement of our ability to
meet our cash needs.  Our objective in managing our liquidity is to maintain
our ability to meet loan commitments, purchase securities or repay deposits and
other liabilities in accordance with their terms, without an adverse impact on
our current or future earnings.  Our liquidity strategy is guided by policies
that are formulated and monitored by our ALCO and senior management, and which
take into account the marketability of assets, the sources and stability of
funding and the level of unfunded commitments.  We regularly evaluate all of
our various funding sources with an emphasis on accessibility, stability,
reliability and cost-effectiveness.  Our principal source of funding has been
our client deposits, supplemented by our short-term and long-term borrowings, primarily
from securities sold under repurchase agreements, federal funds purchased and
FHLB borrowings.  We believe that the cash generated from operations, our
borrowing capacity and our access to capital resources are sufficient to meet
our future operating capital and funding requirements.   

As of September 30, 2016, we had the ability to generate $1.277
billion in additional liquidity through all of our available resources (this
excludes $145 million in overnight funds sold).  In addition to primary
borrowing outlets mentioned above, we also have the ability to generate
liquidity by borrowing from the Federal Reserve Discount Window and through
brokered deposits.  We recognize the importance of maintaining liquidity and
have developed a Contingency Liquidity Plan, which addresses various liquidity
stress levels and our response and action based on the level of severity.  We
periodically test our credit facilities for access to the funds, but also
understand that as the severity of the liquidity level increases that certain
credit facilities may no longer be available.  A liquidity stress test is
completed on a quarterly basis based on events that could potentially occur at
the Bank with results reported to ALCO, our Market Risk Oversight Committee,
and the Board of Directors. As of September 30, 2016, we believe the liquidity
available to us was sufficient to meet our needs.   

We view our investment portfolio primarily as a source of
liquidity and have the option to pledge the portfolio as collateral for
borrowings or deposits, and/or sell selected securities.  The portfolio
consists of debt issued by the U.S. Treasury, U.S. governmental and federal
agencies, and municipal governments.  The weighted average life of the
portfolio is approximately 1.77 years, and as of September 30, 2016 had a net
unrealized pre-tax gain of $1.7 million in the available-for-sale portfolio.    

Our average overnight funds position (defined as funds sold plus
interest bearing deposits with other banks less funds purchased) was $166.2
million during the third quarter of 2016 compared to an average net overnight
funds sold position of $254.6 million in the second quarter of 2016 and $222.8
million in the fourth quarter of 2015. The decrease in net overnight funds
compared to the second quarter of 2016 reflects an increase in both the
investment and loan portfolios, in conjunction with a decline in repurchase
agreements.  The decrease in net overnight funds compared to the fourth quarter
of 2015 primarily reflects growth in the loan and investment portfolios, and a
reduction in short-term borrowings, partially offset by growth in deposit
balances.   

40   

Capital expenditures are estimated to approximate
$5.0 million over the next 12 months, which will consist primarily of office
remodeling, office equipment/furniture, and technology purchases.  Management
believes that these capital expenditures will be funded with existing resources
without impairing our ability to meet our on-going obligations.   

Borrowings    

At September 30, 2016, advances from the FHLB totaled $22.4
million in outstanding debt consisting of 25 notes. During the first nine
months of 2016, the Bank made FHLB advance payments totaling approximately $5.9
million, which includes paying off four advances totaling $3.9 million.  No
additional FHLB advances were obtained.  The FHLB notes are collateralized by a
blanket floating lien on all of our 1-4 family residential mortgage loans,
commercial real estate mortgage loans, and home equity mortgage loans.   

We have issued two junior subordinated deferrable interest notes
to our wholly owned Delaware statutory trusts.  The first note for $30.9
million was issued to CCBG Capital Trust I in November 2004, of which $10
million was retired in April 2016.  The second note for $32.0 million was
issued to CCBG Capital Trust II in May 2005.  The interest payment for the CCBG
Capital Trust I borrowing is due quarterly and adjusts quarterly to a variable
rate of three-month LIBOR plus a margin of 1.90%.  This note matures on
December 31, 2034.  The interest payment for the CCBG Capital Trust II
borrowing is due quarterly and adjusts annually to a variable rate of three-month
LIBOR plus a margin of 1.80%.  This note matures on June 15, 2035.  The
proceeds of these borrowings were used to partially fund acquisitions.  Under
the terms of each junior subordinated deferrable interest note, in the event of
default or if we elect to defer interest on the note, we may not, with certain
exceptions, declare or pay dividends or make distributions on our capital stock
or purchase or acquire any of our capital stock.      

On April 12, 2016, we retired $10 million in face value of trust
preferred securities that were auctioned as part of a liquidation of a pooled
collateralized debt obligation fund.  The trust preferred securities were
originally issued through CCBG Capital Trust I.  Our winning bid equated to
approximately 75% of the $10 million par value, with the 25% discount resulting
in a pre-tax gain of approximately $2.5 million.  We utilized internal
resources and a $3.75 million draw on a short-term borrowing facility to fund
the repurchase.   

Capital    

Equity capital was $276.6 million as of September 30, 2016,
compared to $274.8 million as of June 30, 2016 and $274.4 million as of
December 31, 2015.  Our leverage ratio was 10.12%, 9.98%, and 10.65%,
respectively, for these periods.  Further, as of September 30, 2016, our
risk-adjusted capital ratio was 16.28% compared to 16.44% and 17.25% at June 30,
2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively.  Our common equity tier 1 ratio was
12.55% as of September 30, 2016 compared to 12.65% and 12.84% as of June 30,
2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively.  All of our capital ratios
significantly exceed the threshold to be designated as  well-capitalized  under
the Basel III capital standards.      During the second quarter of 2016 we repurchased 432,000 shares of
our common stock at an average price of $14.50 per share and redeemed $10
million of our outstanding TRUPs.  These transactions unfavorably impacted our
regulatory capital ratios by approximately 38 basis points and approximately 50
basis points, respectively.   

During the first nine months of 2016, shareowners  equity increased
$2.2 million, or 1.1%, on an annualized basis.  During this same period,
shareowners  equity was positively impacted by net income of $8.4 million,
stock compensation accretion of $0.7 million, a $1.0 million net increase in
the unrealized gain on investment securities, and net adjustments totaling $0.5
million related to transactions under our stock compensation plans. 
Shareowners  equity was reduced by common stock dividends totaling $2.1 million
and the repurchase of common stock of $6.3 million.    

At September 30, 2016, our common stock had a book value of $16.39
per diluted share compared to $16.31 at June 30, 2016 and $15.93 at December
31, 2015.    Book value is impacted by changes in the
amount of our net unrealized gain or loss on investment securities
available-for-sale and changes to the amount of our unfunded pension liability
both of which are recorded through other comprehensive income.  At September
30, 2016, the net unrealized gain on investment securities available for sale
was $0.9 million and the amount of our unfunded pension liability was $22.1
million.   

In February 2014, our Board of Directors authorized
the repurchase of up to 1,500,000 shares of our outstanding common stock
through February 2019.  Repurchases may be made in the open market or in
privately negotiated transactions; however, we are not obligated to repurchase
any specified number of shares.  During 2016, we have repurchased 435,000
shares at an average price of $14.49 per share under the plan of which 427,000
shares were acquired in the second quarter of 2016.  The plan had 640,000
shares remaining for repurchase as of September 30, 2016.   

OFF-BALANCE SHEET ARRANGEMENTS    

We do not currently engage in the use of derivative instruments to
hedge interest rate risks.  However, we are a party to financial instruments
with off-balance sheet risks in the normal course of business to meet the
financing needs of our clients.     

41   

At September 30, 2016, we had $405.1 million in commitments to
extend credit and $5.5 million in standby letters of credit.  Commitments to
extend credit are agreements to lend to a client so long as there is no
violation of any condition established in the contract.  Commitments generally
have fixed expiration dates or other termination clauses and may require
payment of a fee.  Since many of the commitments are expected to expire without
being drawn upon, the total commitment amounts do not necessarily represent
future cash requirements.  Standby letters of credit are conditional
commitments issued by us to guarantee the performance of a client to a third
party.  We use the same credit policies in establishing commitments and issuing
letters of credit as we do for on-balance sheet instruments.   

If commitments arising from these financial instruments continue
to require funding at historical levels, management does not anticipate that
such funding will adversely impact the Company s ability to meet its on-going
obligations.  In the event these commitments require funding in excess of
historical levels, management believes current liquidity, advances available
from the FHLB and the Federal Reserve, and investment security maturities
provide a sufficient source of funds to meet these commitments.   

CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES    

Our significant accounting policies are described in Note 1 to the
Consolidated Financial Statements included in our 2015 Form 10-K.  The
preparation of our Consolidated Financial Statements in accordance with
accounting principles generally accepted in the United States ( GAAP ) and
reporting practices applicable to the banking industry requires us to make
estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets,
liabilities, revenues and expenses, and to disclose contingent assets and
liabilities.  Actual results could differ from those estimates.   

We have identified accounting for (i) the allowance for loan
and lease losses, (ii) valuation of goodwill, and (iii) pension
benefits as our most critical accounting policies and estimates in that they
are important to the portrayal of our financial condition and results, and they
require our subjective and complex judgment as a result of the need to make
estimates about the effects of matters that are inherently uncertain.  These
accounting policies, including the nature of the estimates and types of assumptions
used, are described throughout this Item 2, Management s Discussion and
Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, and Part II,
Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and
Results of Operations included in our 2015 Form 10-K.   

42   

43   

Item 3.           QUANTITATIVE
AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK    

See  Market Risk and Interest Rate Sensitivity  in Management s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations,
above, which is incorporated herein by reference.  Management has determined
that no additional disclosures are necessary to assess changes in information
about market risk that have occurred since December 31, 2015.   

Item 4.           CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES    

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and
Procedures    

As of September 30, 2016, the end of the period covered by this
Form 10-Q, our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief
Financial Officer, evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and
procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of
1934).  Based upon that evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief
Financial Officer each concluded that as of September 30, 2016, the end of the
period covered by this Form 10-Q, we maintained effective disclosure controls
and procedures.   

Changes in Internal Control over Financial
Reporting    

Our management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief
Financial Officer, has reviewed our internal control over financial reporting
(as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934). 
There have been no significant changes in our internal control over financial
reporting during our most recently completed fiscal quarter that have
materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our
internal control over financial reporting.   

PART II.       OTHER INFORMATION    

Item
1.           Legal Proceedings    

We are party to lawsuits
arising out of the normal course of business.  In management's opinion, there
is no known pending litigation, the outcome of which would, individually or in
the aggregate, have a material effect on our consolidated results of
operations, financial position, or cash flows.   

Item
1A.        Risk Factors    

In addition to the other
information set forth in this Quarterly Report, you should carefully consider
the factors discussed in Part I, Item 1A.  Risk Factors  in our 2015 Form 10-K,
as updated in our subsequent quarterly reports. The risks described in our 2015
Form 10-K are not the only risks facing us. Additional risks and uncertainties
not currently known to us or that we currently deem to be immaterial also may
materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and/or operating
results.   

Item 2.           Unregistered Sales of Equity
Securities and Use of Proceeds    

                                  None.                     

Item 3.           Defaults Upon Senior Securities    

   None.   

Item 4.           Mine Safety
Disclosure    

   None.         

Item 5.           Other
Information    

   None.         

Item
6.           Exhibits   

(A)      Exhibits  

31.1              Certification
of William G. Smith, Jr., Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer of
Capital City Bank Group, Inc., Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934.  

31.2              Certification
of J. Kimbrough Davis, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of
Capital City Bank Group, Inc., Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934.  

32.1              Certification
of William G. Smith, Jr., Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer of
Capital City Bank Group, Inc., Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350.  

44   

32.2                      
  Certification of J. Kimbrough
Davis, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Capital City
Bank Group, Inc., Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350.  

101.INS       XBRL
Instance Document  

101.SCH     XBRL
Taxonomy Extension Schema Document  

101.CAL     XBRL
Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document  

101.LAB     XBRL
Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document  

101.PRE      XBRL
Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document  

101.DEF      XBRL
Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document  

45   

SIGNATURES   

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has
duly caused this Report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned Chief
Financial Officer hereunto duly authorized.  

CAPITAL CITY BANK GROUP, INC.  

          (Registrant)  

/s/ J. Kimbrough Davis  

J. Kimbrough Davis  

Executive Vice President and   Chief Financial Officer  

(Mr. Davis is the
  Principal Financial Officer and has been duly authorized to sign on behalf of
  the Registrant)  

Date:
  November 3, 2016  

46   

Exhibit Index    

Exhibit                                   Description     

31.1              Certification of William G. Smith, Jr.,
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer of Capital City Bank Group,
Inc., Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.   

31.2              Certification of J. Kimbrough Davis,
Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Capital City Bank
Group, Inc., Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.   

32.1              Certification of William G. Smith, Jr.,
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer of Capital City Bank Group,
Inc., Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350.   

32.2              Certification of J. Kimbrough Davis,
Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Capital City Bank
Group, Inc., Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350.   

101.INS       XBRL Instance Document   

101.SCH     XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document   

101.CAL     XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase
Document   

101.LAB     XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document   

101.PRE      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase
Document   

101.DEF      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase
Document     

47   

<EX-31.1>
 2
 exhibit31_1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31(1)

UNITED STATES 

Exhibit 31.1  

   Certification of CEO Pursuant to Securities Exchange Act      Rule 13a-14(a) / 15d-14(a) as Adopted Pursuant to      Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002          I, William G. Smith, Jr., certify that:         1.             I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Capital City Bank Group, Inc.;         2.             Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;         3.             Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;         4.             The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:         (a)           Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;         (b)           Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;         (c)           Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and         (d)           Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and         5.             The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):         (a)           All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and         (b)           Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.            

/s/ William G. Smith, Jr.   

William G. Smith, Jr.   

Chairman, President and    

Chief Executive Officer   

Date: November 3, 2016  

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 exhibit31_2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31(2)

UNITED STATES 

Exhibit 31.2  

   Certification of CFO Pursuant to Securities Exchange Act      Rule 13a-14(a) / 15d-14(a) as Adopted Pursuant to      Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002            I, J. Kimbrough Davis, certify that:         1.             I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Capital City Bank Group, Inc.;         2.             Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;         3.             Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;         4.             The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:         (a)           Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;         (b)           Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;         (c)           Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and         (d)           Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and         5.             The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):         (a)           All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and         (b)           Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.            

/s/ J. Kimbrough Davis   

J. Kimbrough Davis   

Executive Vice President and    

Chief Financial Officer   

Date: November 3, 2016  

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 exhibit32_1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32(1)

UNITED STATES 

Exhibit 32.1  

Certification
of CEO Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350   

Pursuant to 18 U.S.C.
Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of
2002, the undersigned certifies that (1) this Quarterly Report of Capital City
Bank Group, Inc. (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the period ended September
30, 2016, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date
hereof (this  Report ), fully complies with the requirements of
Section 13(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and (2) the
information contained in this Report fairly presents, in all material respects,
the financial condition of the Company and its results of operations as of and
for the periods covered therein.   

/s/ William G. Smith, Jr.  

William G. Smith, Jr.  

Chairman, President, and   

Chief Executive Officer  

Date: November 3, 2016  

A signed original of this
written statement required by Section 906, or other document authenticating,
acknowledging or otherwise adopting the signature that appears in typed form
within the electronic version of this written statement required by Section
906, has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and
furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request.   

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 exhibit32_2.htm
 EXHIBIT 32(2)

UNITED STATES 

Exhibit 32.2  

Certification of CFO
Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350   

Pursuant to 18 U.S.C.
Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of
2002, the undersigned certifies that (1) this Quarterly Report of Capital City
Bank Group, Inc. (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the period ended September
30, 2016, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date
hereof (this  Report ), fully complies with the requirements of
Section 13(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and (2) the
information contained in this Report fairly presents, in all material respects,
the financial condition of the Company and its results of operations as of and
for the periods covered therein.   

/s/ J. Kimbrough Davis  

J. Kimbrough Davis  

Executive Vice President and  

Chief Financial Officer  

Date: November 3, 2016  

A signed original of this
written statement required by Section 906, or other document authenticating,
acknowledging or otherwise adopting the signature that appears in typed form
within the electronic version of this written statement required by Section
906, has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and
furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request.   

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 7
 ccbg-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 ccbg-20160930.xsd
 XBRL SHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 9
 ccbg-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 ccbg-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 ccbg-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 ccbg-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

