<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161109_10-Q_edgar_data_1342126_0001564590-16-028487_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>6222106</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>189226</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>307389</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1405921</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2124016</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1379899</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>16</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001564590-16-028487.hdr.sgml : 20161109
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161109083129
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001564590-16-028487
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		62
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161109
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161109

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Morgans Hotel Group Co.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001342126
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	HOTELS & MOTELS [7011]
		IRS NUMBER:				161736884
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-33738
		FILM NUMBER:		161982871

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		475 TENTH AVENUE
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10018
		BUSINESS PHONE:		212-277-4100

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		475 TENTH AVENUE
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10018

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001564590-16-028487.txt : 20161109

10-Q
 1
 mhgc-10q_20160930.htm
 FORM 10-Q

mhgc-10q_20160930.htm

UNITED STATES  
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION  
 Washington, D.C. 20549  
   
 Form 10-Q  
   
 (Mark One)  

For the quarterly period ended: September 30, 2016  
 or  

For the transition period from                        to                          
 Commission file number: 001-33738  
   
 Morgans Hotel Group Co.  
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)  

Delaware  

16-1736884  

(State or other jurisdiction of 
 incorporation or organization)  

(I.R.S. employer 
 identification no.)  

475 Tenth Avenue 
 New York, New York  

10018  

(Address of principal executive offices)  

(Zip Code)  

212-277-4100  
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code)  
   
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.    Yes           No         
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).    Yes           No         
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one):  

Large accelerated filer  

Accelerated filer  

Non-accelerated filer  

(Do not check if a smaller reporting company)   

Smaller reporting company  

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).    Yes           No          
 The number of shares outstanding of the registrant s common stock, par value $0.01 per share, as of November 5, 2016 was 34,981,553.  

TABLE OF CONTENTS  

Page  

PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION  

ITEM 1. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

MORGANS HOTEL GROUP CO. CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS AS OF SEPTEMBER 30, 2016 (UNAUDITED) AND DECEMBER 31, 2015    

5  

MORGANS HOTEL GROUP CO. UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE LOSS FOR THE PERIODS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2016 and 2015    

6  

MORGANS HOTEL GROUP CO. UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS FOR THE PERIODS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2016 and 2015    

7  

NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS    

8  

ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS    

25  

ITEM 3. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK    

42  

ITEM 4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES    

43  

PART II. OTHER INFORMATION  

ITEM 1. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS    

44  

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS    

45  

ITEM 6. EXHIBITS    

45  

2 

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS   
 This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q contains certain  forward-looking statements  within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements are generally identifiable by use of forward-looking terminology such as  may,   will,   should,   potential,   intend,   expect,   endeavor,   seek,   anticipate,   estimate,   overestimate,   underestimate,   believe,   could,   project,   predict,   continue  or other similar words or expressions. References to  we,   our  and the  Company  refer to Morgans Hotel Group Co. together in each case with our consolidated subsidiaries and any predecessor entities unless the context suggests otherwise.  
 We may from time to time make written or oral statements that are  forward-looking,  including statements contained in this report and other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission and in reports to our stockholders. These forward-looking statements reflect our current views about future events and are subject to risks, uncertainties, assumptions and changes in circumstances that may cause our actual results to differ materially from those expressed in any forward-looking statement. Forward-looking statements in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q include, without limitation, statements regarding our expectations with respect to:   

risks related to the consummation of our pending acquisition by SBEEG Holdings, LLC ( SBE      

our future financial performance, including selling, general and administrative expenses, capital expenditures, income taxes and our expected available cash and use of available cash;      

our business operations, including our ability to enter into new management, franchise or licensing agreements and the enhanced the value of existing hotels and management agreements;      

the status and expectations with respect to the development and opening of new hotels;     

the effect of new lodging supply;     

the impact of the strong U.S. dollar and a weak global economy;      

the timing of receiving expected hotel management agreement termination fees; and     

the outcome of litigation to which the Company is a party, including litigation related to our pending acquisition by SBE.      

 Although we believe that the expectations reflected in the forward-looking statements are reasonable, we cannot guarantee future results, levels of activity, performance or achievements. Important risks and factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially from those expressed in any forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, the risks discussed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015, our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q for the quarters ended March 31, 2016 and June 30, 2016, and other documents we file with the Securities and Exchange Commission from time to time. Important risks and factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially from those expressed in any forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to economic, business, competitive market and regulatory conditions such as :   

risks related to the proposed acquisition of the Company by SBE and the related diversion of management s attention from the operation of the business;     

risks related to our ability to successfully execute on an alternative transaction should we be unable to successfully consummate the sale of the Company to SBE;      

risks we may face from the impact or outcome of pending or future litigation related to our proposed acquisition by SBE;     

our ability to refinance the Hudson/Delano 2014 Mortgage Loan  or sell one or more of Hudson or Delano South Beach in order to extend the Hudson/Delano 2014 Mortgage Loan (as defined below) in February 2017 in the event the SBE acquisition does   not close;      

a downturn in economic and market conditions, both in the U.S. and internationally, including the impact of new supply in key markets in which we operate, particularly as it impacts demand for travel, hotels, dining and entertainment;      

our level of debt under our outstanding debt agreements, our obligations under our preferred equity instruments, our ability to restructure or refinance our current outstanding debt and preferred equity instruments, our ability to generate sufficient cash to repay or redeem outstanding debt and preferred equity instruments or make payments on guarantees as they may become due;      

the impact of any dividend payments or accruals on our Series A preferred equity instruments on our cash flow and the value of our common stock;      

the impact of restructuring charges on our liquidity;      

 3 

general volatility of our stock price, the capital markets and our ability to access the capital markets;      

the impact of financial and other covenants in our loan agreements and other debt instruments that limit our ability to borrow and restrict certain of our operations;      

our history of losses;      

our liquidity position;       

our ability to compete in the  boutique  or  lifestyle  hotel segments of the hospitality industry and changes in the competitive environment in our industry and the markets where we operate;      

our ability to protect the value of our name, image and brands and our intellectual property;      

risks related to natural disasters or outbreaks of contagious diseases (including the recent Zika outbreak in the Miami area), terrorist attacks, the threat of terrorist attacks and similar disasters, including a downturn in travel, hotels, dining and entertainment resulting therefrom;      

risks related to our international operations, such as global economic conditions, political or economic instability, compliance with foreign regulations and satisfaction of international business and workplace requirements;      

our ability to timely fund the renovations and capital improvements necessary to sustain the quality of the owned properties of Morgans Hotel Group and associated brands;      

risks associated with the acquisition, disposition, development and integration of properties and businesses;      

our ability to perform under management agreements and to resolve any disputes with owners of properties that we manage but do not own;      

potential terminations of management agreements and timing of receipt of anticipated termination fees;      

the impact of any material litigation, claims or disputes, including labor disputes;      

the seasonal nature of the hospitality business and other aspects of the hospitality and travel industry that are beyond our control;      

our ability to main  tain state of the art inf  ormation technology systems and protect such systems from cyber-attacks;      

our ability to comply with complex U.S. and international regulations, including regulations related to the environment, labor, food and beverage operations, and data privacy;      

ownership of a substantial block of our common stock by a small number of investors and the ability of such investors to influence key decisions;   and      

other risks discussed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015 and in the Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q for the periods ended March 31, 2016 and June 30, 2016 in the sections entitled  Risk Factors  and  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Result of Operations.         

 Other than as required by applicable law, we are under no duty to update any of the forward-looking statements after the date of this report to conform these statements to actual results.  

4 

Morgans Hotel Group Co.  
     Consolidated Balance Sheets  
 (in thousands, except share data)  

See accompanying notes to these consolidated financial statements.  

5 

Morgans Hotel Group Co.     
     Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss  
 (in thousands, except per share data)  

See accompanying notes to these consolidated financial statements. 
   
 6 

Morgans Hotel Group Co.   
     Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows  
 (in thousands)  

See accompanying notes to these consolidated financial statements.  
   
 7 

Morgans Hotel Group Co.   
     Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements  

1. Organization and Formation Transaction  
 Morgans Hotel Group Co., a Delaware corporation (the  Company ), was incorporated on October 19, 2005. The Company operates, owns, acquires, and develops boutique hotels, primarily in gateway cities and select resort markets in the United States, Europe and other international locations.   
 In addition, the Company owns leasehold interests in certain food and beverage venues.  Prior to the TLG Equity Sale, discussed below, completed on January 23, 2015, the Company, through TLG Acquisition LLC ( TLG Acquisition  and, together with its subsidiaries, The Light Group, or  TLG ), operated nightclubs, restaurants, pool lounges, bars and other food and beverage venues primarily in hotels operated by MGM Resorts International ( MGM ) in Las Vegas.   
 The Morgans Hotel Group Co. predecessor comprised the subsidiaries and ownership interests that were contributed as part of the formation and structuring transactions from Morgans Hotel Group LLC, now known as Residual Hotel Interest LLC ( Former Parent ), to Morgans Group LLC ( Morgans Group ), the Company s operating company. The Former Parent also contributed all the membership interests in its hotel management business to Morgans Group in return for 1,000,000 membership units in Morgans Group exchangeable for shares of the Company s common stock.  
 As further discussed in note 13, on May 9, 2016, the Company entered into a definitive agreement under which the Company will be acquired by SBEEG Holdings, LLC ( SBE ), a leading global lifestyle hospitality company.  Under the terms of the merger agreement, SBE will acquire all of the outstanding shares of the Company s common stock for $2.25 per share in cash.  As of the date of this filing, November 9, 2016, the merger has not yet closed. On November 8, 2016, the parties to the merger agreement agreed to extend the outside date to November 30, 2016.  The parties are continuing to work towards closing the merger as promptly as practicable.   
 The Company s current cash balance and future cash flows may be insufficient to meet its near term obligations. Unforeseen expenses, a further downturn in operating results, the acquisition of the Company by SBE not closing, or any combination of the foregoing would further increase the Company s cash flow concerns.    The Company is actively managing its cash flow to meet its obligations, however there can be no assurance that it will be successful.    Furthermore, cash flow has historically been negative in January, the Company s operationally slowest month of the year. 
 The Company has one reportable operating segment.  During the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, the Company derived  4.8 % and 6.4% of its total revenues from international locations, respectively. The assets at these international locations were not significant during the periods presented.  
             
 Hotels  
 The Company s hotels as of September 30, 2016 were as follows:  

8 

(1)   
 
 The Company owns 100% of Hudson through its subsidiary, Henry Hudson Holdings LLC, which is part of a property that is structured as a condominium, in which Hudson constitutes 96% of the square footage of the entire building. As of September 30, 2016, Hudson had 878 guest rooms and 60 single room dwelling units ( SROs ).     

(2)   
 
 Operated under a management contract.     

(3)   
 
 Wholly-owned hotel.     

(4)   
 
 Operated under a management contract.  The Company currently expects to no longer manage Shore Club during the first quarter of 2017.        

(5)   
 
 The hotel is operated under a long-term lease which is accounted for as a financing. See note 6.     

(6)   
 
 A licensed hotel.      

(7)   
 
 A franchised hotel.      

   Food and Beverage Operations   
 As of September 30, 2016, the Company owns three food and beverage venues subject to leasehold agreements at Mandalay Bay in Las Vegas, which are managed by TLG.  These food and beverage venues are included in the Company s consolidated financial statements.   
 Effective June 1, 2016, the Company transferred all of its ownership interest in the food and beverage venues at Sanderson to the hotel owner.  The Company will continue to manage Sanderson s food and beverage venues.  Prior to June 1, 2016, the Company leased and managed the Sanderson food and beverage venues, which were included in the Company s consolidated financial statements.  As a result of this transfer, the Company impaired approximately $0.4 million of goodwill related to its ownership interest of the Sanderson food and beverage venues and recorded an approximately  $0.7 million gain    on the transfer during the nine months ended September 30, 2016.   
 The Light Group  
 Acquisition.     On November 30, 2011, certain of the Company s subsidiaries completed the acquisition of 90% of the equity interests in TLG Acquisition for a purchase price of $28.5 million in cash and up to $18.0 million in notes (the  TLG Promissory Notes ) ( The Light Group Transaction ).        
 In December 2014, the Company used cash on hand to repay and retire $19.1 million of the outstanding TLG Promissory Notes, which included the original principal balance of $18.0 million plus deferred interest of $1.1 million, as discussed further in note 6.   
 The primary assets of TLG consisted of its management and similar agreements primarily with various MGM affiliates.  During the time the Company owned 90% of TLG, it recognized management fees in accordance with the applicable management agreement which generally provided for base management fees as a percentage of gross sales, and incentive management fees as a percentage of net profits, as calculated pursuant to the management agreements.  
 TLG Equity Sale .    On January 23, 2015, t  he Company sold its 90% equity interest in TLG to Hakkasan Holdings LLC ( Hakkasan ) (the  TLG Equity Sale ) for $32.8 million, net of closing costs.      
 The Company has certain indemnification obligations, which generally survive for 18 months following the close of the TLG Equity Sale; however, no amounts are held in escrow for the satisfaction of such claims.  As of September 30, 2016, the Company has accrued approximately $ 0.3  million in liabilities related to these indemnification obligations.   
 TEJ Management, LLC, an entity controlled by Andrew Sasson, and Galts Gulch Holding Company LLC, an entity controlled by Andy Masi (together, the  Minority Holders ) did not exercise their right to participate in the TLG Equity Sale.  The Minority Holders maintained the right to put their equity interests to TLG s managing member for amounts determined pursuant to the Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company of TLG.  Hakkasan, as the current managing membe r, was ob ligated to pay $3.6 million of this amount upon delivery of the 10% equity interest in TLG held by the Minority Holders with the Company responsible for any amounts in excess of $3.6 million.  
   
 2. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies  
 Basis of Presentation  
   The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ( U.S. GAAP ).  The Company consolidates all wholly-owned subsidiaries and variable  
 9 

interest e  ntities in which the Company is determined to be the primary beneficiary.  All intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation.  Entities which the Company does not control through voting interest and entities which are variabl  e interest entities of which the Company is not the primary beneficiary, are accounted for under the equity method.   
 The consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP for interim financial information and with the instructions to Form 10-Q and Article 10 of Regulation S-X. Accordingly, they do not include all of the information and footnotes required by U.S. GAAP for complete financial statements. The information furnished in the accompanying consolidated financial statements reflects all adjustments that, in the opinion of management, are necessary for a fair presentation of the aforementioned consolidated financial statements for the interim periods.  
 Operating results for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 are not necessarily indicative of the results that may be expected for the year ending December 31, 2016. For further information, refer to the consolidated financial statements and accompanying footnotes included in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015.  
 Use of Estimates  
 The preparation of financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period.  Actual results could differ from those estimates.  
 Restricted Cash  
 As required by certain debt and lease agreements, restricted cash consists of cash held in escrow accounts for debt service or lease payments, insurance programs, and taxes, among others.  As further required by the debt and lease agreements related to hotels owned by the Company or one of its subsidiaries, the Company must set aside 4% of the hotels  revenues in restricted escrow accounts for the future periodic replacement or refurbishment of furniture, fixtures and equipment.  As replacements occur, the Company or its subsidiary is eligible for reimbursement from these escrow accounts. 
 The Hudson/Delano 2014 Mortgage Loan, defined and discussed below in note 6, provides that all cash flows from Hudson and Delano South Beach are deposited into accounts controlled by the lenders from which debt service and operating expenses, including management fees, are paid and from which other reserve accounts may be funded.  In the event the debt yield ratio falls below 6.75%, any excess amounts will be retained by the lenders until the debt yield ratio exceeds 7.00% for two consecutive calendar quarters.  During the second quarter of 2016, the Company s debt yield ratio fell below the defined threshold to  6.68 %.    As a result,  the lenders began retaining the excess cash flow of Hudson and Delano South Beach.  The Company s debt yield ratio as of September 30, 2016 of 6.35% remained below the required threshold.  Such excess amounts will be retained by the lenders until the debt yield ratio exceeds 7.00% for two consecutive calendar quarters.         
 Assets Held for Sale  
 The Company considers properties to be assets held for sale when management approves and commits to a formal plan to actively market a property or a group of properties for sale and the sale is probable  whereby a signed sales contract and significant non-refundable deposit or contract break-up fee exist.   Upon designation as an asset held for sale, the Company records the carrying value of each property or group of properties at the lower of its carrying value, which includes allocable goodwill, or its estimated fair value, less estimated costs to sell, and the Company stops recording depreciation expense.  Any gain realized in connection with the sale of the properties for which the Company has significant continuing involvement, such as through a long-term management agreement, is deferred and recognized over the initial term of the related management agreement.  
   Investments in and Advances to Unconsolidated Joint Ventures   
 The Company accounts for its investments in unconsolidated joint ventures using the equity method as it does not exercise control over significant business decisions such as buying, selling or financing nor is it the primary beneficiary under Account Standard Codification ( ASC ) 810-10,  Consolidation .  Under the equity method, the Company increases its investment for its proportionate share of net income and contributions to the joint venture and decreases its investment balance by recording its proportionate share of net loss and distributions.  Once the Company s investment balance in an unconsolidated joint venture is zero, the Company suspends recording additional losses.   
 10 

Other Assets   
 In October 2014, the Company funded an approximately $15.3 million key money obligation related to Mondrian London, which is included in Other Assets and is being amortized over the term of the hotel management agreement. 
 In August 2012, the Company entered into a 10-year licensing agreement with MGM, with two five-year extensions at the Company s option subject to performance thresholds, to convert an existing hotel to Delano Las Vegas.  Delano Las Vegas opened in September 2014.  In addition, the Company acquired the leasehold interests in three food and beverage venues at Mandalay Bay in Las Vegas from an existing tenant for $15.0 million in cash at closing and a deferred, principal-only $10.6 million promissory note ( Restaurant Lease Note ) to be paid over seven years, which the Company recorded at fair value as of the date of issuance at $7.5 million, as discussed in note 6.  The three food and beverage venues are managed by TLG and are operated pursuant to 10-year operating leases with an MGM affiliate, pursuant to which the Company pays minimum annual lease payments and a percentage rent based on cash flow.   The Company allocated the total consideration paid, or to be paid, to the license agreement and the restaurant leasehold asset based on their respective fair values.   The Company amortizes the fair value of the license agreement and restaurant leasehold interests, using the straight line method, over the 10-year life of the respective agreement.  
 Income Taxes  
 The Company accounts for income taxes in accordance with ASC 740-10,  Income Taxes , which requires the recognition of deferred tax assets and liabilities for the expected future tax consequences of temporary differences between the tax and financial reporting basis of assets and liabilities and for loss and credit carry forwards.  Valuation allowances are provided when it is more likely than not that the recovery of deferred tax assets will not be realized.  
 The Company s deferred tax assets are recorded net of a valuation allowance when, based on the weight of available evidence, it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the recorded deferred tax assets will not be realized in future periods.  Decreases to the valuation allowance are recorded as reductions to the Company s provision for income taxes and increases to the valuation allowance result in additional provision for income taxes.  The realization of the Company s deferred tax assets, net of the valuation allowance, is primarily dependent on estimated future taxable income.  A change in the Company s estimate of future taxable income may require an addition to or reduction from the valuation allowance.  The Company has established a reserve on its deferred tax assets based on anticipated future taxable income and tax strategies.  
 All of the Company s foreign subsidiaries are subject to local jurisdiction corporate income taxes.  Income tax expense is reported at the applicable rate for the periods presented.  
 Income taxes for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 were computed using the Company s effective tax rate. 
 Credit-risk-related Contingent Features  
 The Company has entered into warrant agreements with Yucaipa American Alliance Fund II, L.P. and Yucaipa American Alliance (Parallel) Fund II, L.P., (collectively, the  Yucaipa Investors ), as discussed in note 9, to purchase a total of 12,500,000 shares of the Company s common stock at an exercise price of $6.00 per share (the  Yucaipa Warrants ).  In addition, subject to the terms of the Securities Purchase Agreement, the Yucaipa Investors have certain consent rights over certain transactions for so long as they collectively own or have the right to purchase through exercise of the Yucaipa Warrants 6,250,000 shares of the Company s common stock, as discussed further in note 9.  The Yucaipa Warrants are exercisable utilizing a cashless exercise method only, resulting in a net share issuance.  See note 13 for additional information about the Yucaipa Warrants. 
 Fair Value Measurements  
 ASC 820-10,  Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures  ( ASC 820-10 ) defines fair value, establishes a framework for measuring fair value, and expands disclosures about fair value measurements.  ASC 820-10 applies to reported balances that are required or permitted to be measured at fair value under existing accounting pronouncements; accordingly, the standard does not require any new fair value measurements of reported balances.  
   ASC 820-10 emphasizes that fair value is a market-based measurement, not an entity-specific measurement.  Therefore, a fair value measurement should be determined based on the assumptions that market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability. As a basis for considering market participant assumptions in fair value measurements, ASC 820-10 establishes a fair value hierarchy that distinguishes between market participant assumptions based on market data obtained from sources independent of the reporting  
 11 

entity (observable inputs that are classified within Levels 1 and 2 of the hierarchy) and the reporting entity s own assumptions about market participa  nt assumptions (unobservable inputs classified within Level 3 of the hierarchy).   
 Level 1 inputs utilize quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that the Company has the ability to access.  Level 2 inputs are inputs other than quoted prices included in Level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly or indirectly.  Level 2 inputs may include quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets, as well as inputs that are observable for the asset or liability (other than quoted prices), such as interest rates and yield curves that are observable at commonly quoted intervals.  Level 3 inputs are unobservable inputs for the asset or liability, which is typically based on an entity s own assumptions, as there is little, if any, related market activity.  In instances where the determination of the fair value measurement is based on inputs from different levels of the fair value hierarchy, the level in the fair value hierarchy within which the entire fair value measurement falls is based on the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement in its entirety.  The Company s assessment of the significance of a particular input to the fair value measurement in its entirety requires judgment, and considers factors specific to the asset or liability.  
 Currently, the Company uses interest rate caps to manage its interest rate risk.  The valuation of these instruments is determined using widely accepted valuation techniques including discounted cash flow analysis on the expected cash flows of each derivative.  This analysis reflects the contractual terms of the derivatives, including the period to maturity, and uses observable market-based inputs, including interest rate curves and implied volatilities.  To comply with the provisions of ASC 820-10, the Company incorporates credit valuation adjustments to appropriately reflect both its own nonperformance risk and the respective counterparty s nonperformance risk in the fair value measurements.  In adjusting the fair value of its derivative contracts for the effect of nonperformance risk, the Company has considered the impact of netting and any applicable credit enhancements, such as collateral postings, thresholds, mutual puts, and guarantees.  Although the Company has determined that the majority of the inputs used to value its derivatives fall within Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy, the credit valuation adjustments associated with its derivatives utilize Level 3 inputs, such as estimates of current credit spreads to evaluate the likelihood of default by itself and its counterparties.  As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the Company assessed the significance of the impact of the credit valuation adjustments on the overall valuation of its derivative positions and determined that the credit valuation adjustments are not significant to the overall valuation of its derivatives.  Accordingly, all derivatives have been classified as Level 2 fair value measurements.  As of September 30, 2016, the Company had three interest rate caps outstanding and  the fair value of these interest rate caps was $0.5 million .     
 Fair Value of Financial Instruments  
 Disclosures about fair value of financial instruments are based on pertinent information available to management as of the valuation date.  Considerable judgment is necessary to interpret market data and develop estimated fair values.  Accordingly, the estimates presented are not necessarily indicative of the amounts at which these instruments could be purchased, sold, or settled.  The use of different market assumptions and/or estimation methodologies may have a material effect on the estimated fair value amounts.  
 The Company s financial instruments include cash and cash equivalents, accounts receivable, restricted cash, accounts payable and accrued liabilities, and fixed and variable rate debt.  Management believes the carrying amount of the aforementioned financial instruments, excluding fixed-rate debt, is a reasonable estimate of fair value as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 due to the short-term maturity of these items or variable market interest rates.  
 The Company had outstanding fixed rate debt principal of $54.1 million and $54.9 million as of  September 30, 2016  and December 31, 2015, respectively, which included the Company s trust preferred securities and Restaurant Lease Note, discussed above, and excludes capital leases.  This fixed rate debt had a fair market value at  September 30, 2016  and December 31, 2015 of approximately $60.7 million and $60.6 million, respectively, using market rates.  
 Although the Company has determined that the majority of the inputs used to value its fixed rate debt fall within Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy, the credit valuation adjustments associated with its fixed rate debt utilize Level 3 inputs, such as estimates of current credit spreads.  As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the Company assessed the significance of the impact of the credit valuation adjustments on the overall valuation of its fixed rate debt and determined that the credit valuation adjustments are not significant to the overall valuation of its fixed rate debt.  Accordingly, all derivatives have been classified as Level 2 fair value measurements.  
 Noncontrolling Interest  
   The Company follows ASC 810-10, when accounting and reporting for noncontrolling interests in a consolidated subsidiary and the deconsolidation of a subsidiary.  Under ASC 810-10, the Company reports noncontrolling interests in subsidiaries as a separate component of stockholders  equity (deficit) in the consolidated financial statements and reflects net income (loss) attributable to the  
 12 

noncontrolling interests and net income (loss) attributable to the common stock  holders on the face of the consolidated statements of comprehensive loss.   
 The membership units in Morgans Group, the Company s operating company, owned by the Former Parent are presented as a noncontrolling interest in Morgans Group in the consolidated balance sheets and were approximately $0.5 million and $0.6 million as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively. The noncontrolling interest in Morgans Group is: (i) increased or decreased by the holders of membership interests  pro rata share of Morgans Group s net income or net loss, respectively; (ii) decreased by distributions; (iii) decreased by exchanges of membership units for the Company s common stock; and (iv) adjusted to equal the net equity of Morgans Group multiplied by the holders of membership interests  ownership percentage immediately after each issuance of units of Morgans Group and/or shares of the Company s common stock and after each purchase of treasury stock through an adjustment to additional paid-in capital.  Net income or net loss allocated to the noncontrolling interest in Morgans Group is based on the weighted-average percentage ownership throughout the period.  As of September 30, 2016, there were 75,446 membership units outstanding, each of which is exchangeable for a share of the Company s common stock.  
 Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
 In May 2014, the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-09,   Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606)  , and supersedes the revenue recognition requirements in Topic 605,  Revenue Recognition , as well as most industry-specific guidance.  The new standard sets forth five prescribed steps to determine the timing and amount of revenue to be recognized to appropriately depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services.  In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-08 ,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Principal versus Agent Considerations ,  which further clarifies the application of the standard depending on whether the entity is a principal or an agent. In August 2015, the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-14,   Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Deferral of the Effective Date ,  which deferred the effectiveness of ASU No. 2014-09 to reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2017.  The Company is currently evaluating the impact the new standard will have on its consolidated financial statements.   
 In August 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-15,   Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 230) ,  which is intended to reduce diversity in practice in how certain transactions are classified in the statement of cash flows. This standard will be effective for the first annual reporting period beginning after December 15, 2017. The Company is currently evaluating the effect that ASU No. 2016-15 will have on its consolidated financial statements. 
 Reclassifications  
 Certain prior period financial statement amounts have been reclassified to conform to the current period presentation.  

3. Income (Loss) Per Share  
 The Company applies the two-class method as required by ASC 260-10,  Earnings per Share  ( ASC 260-10 ). ASC 260-10 requires the net income per share for each class of stock (common stock and preferred stock) to be calculated assuming 100% of the Company s net income is distributed as dividends to each class of stock based on their contractual rights.  To the extent the Company has undistributed earnings in any calendar quarter, the Company will follow the two-class method of computing earnings per share.  
 Basic net income (loss) per common share is calculated by dividing net income (loss) available to common stockholders by the weighted-average number of shares of common stock outstanding during the period.  Vested LTIP Units (as defined in note 8) are considered participating securities and are included in the computation of basic earnings per common share pursuant to the two-class method.  Diluted net income (loss) per common share is calculated by dividing net income (loss) available to common stockholders by the weighted-average number of shares of common stock outstanding during the period, plus other potentially dilutive securities.  Potential dilutive securities may include shares and options granted under the Company s stock incentive plan and membership units in Morgans Group, which may be exchanged for shares of the Company s common stock under certain circumstances.  In periods when the Company has net loss attributable to Morgans Hotel Group Co., the Yucaipa Warrants issued to the Yucaipa Investors, unvested restricted stock units, LTIP Units (as defined in note 8), and stock options are excluded from the diluted net loss per common share calculation, as there would be no effect on reported diluted net loss per common share, however in periods when the Company has net income attributable to Morgans Hotel Group Co., these same securities are included in the diluted net income per common share calculation to the extent they are considered dilutive.  The 75,446 Morgans Group membership units (which may be converted to cash, or at the Company s option, common stock) held by third parties at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, are not reflected in the computation of basic and diluted earnings per share, as the income allocable to such membership units is allocated and reflected as noncontrolling interests in the accompanying consolidated financial statements.  
 13 

The table below details the components of the basic and diluted loss per share calculations (in thousands, except for per share data).  The Company has not had any undistributed earnings in any calendar quarter presented. Therefore,   the Company does not present earnings per share following the two-class method.   

4. Investments in and Advances to Unconsolidated Joint Ventures  
   
 The Company s investments in and advances to unconsolidated joint ventures was $ 0.1  million and $0.1 million as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively.  The Company s income from unconsolidated joint ventures was immaterial for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015.   The Company recorded a $3.9 million impairment charge related to its investment in Mondrian Istanbul during the nine months ended September 30, 2015, discussed below.    
 Mondrian South Beach  
 On August 8, 2006, the Company entered into a 50/50 joint venture to renovate and convert an apartment building on Biscayne Bay in Miami Beach into a condominium hotel, Mondrian South Beach, which opened in December 2008.  The Company operated Mondrian South Beach under a long-term management contract until June 8, 2016, discussed further below.   The Company accounted for its investment in Mondrian South Beach using the equity method of accounting.  
     On June 8, 2016, the Mondrian South Beach joint venture entered into a purchase and sale agreement to sell its interest in Mondrian South Beach.  Pursuant to the terms and conditions of the purchase and sale agreement, the buyer paid the joint venture a cash purchase price sufficient for the joint venture to extinguish its outstanding mortgage and mezzanine loans, plus accrued interest, in full at a negotiated discount, and the buyer assumed certain liabilities of Mondrian South Beach.   As a result of the debt extinguishment, the Company was released from the condominium purchase guarantee of up to $14.0 million and the construction completion guarantee.   
 As part of this transaction, on June 8, 2016, the Company and the Mondrian South Beach joint venture mutually terminated their existing management agreement for Mondrian South Beach and the Company entered into a license agreement with the buyer to allow the hotel to remain under the Mondrian brand.  The license agreement grants the buyer a limited, non-exclusive right to use the Mondrian brand and other specified intellectual property of the Company, subject to certain termination rights, in exchange for a license fee that varies with Mondrian South Beach s monthly gross revenue for the term of the license agreement   but is subject to a minimum annual fee payable to the Company.   
 As a result of the sale of Mondrian South Beach,  effective June 8, 2016, the Company no longer held any ownership interest in the Mondrian South Beach real estate.   The joint venture has been funded with retained cash to fund known liabilities relating to the joint venture.  As of September 30, 2016, the Company is not aware of any events that would require the Company to recognize a liability related to the wind down of the Mondrian South Beach joint venture.   
 14 

Mondrian SoHo   
 In June 2007, the Company entered into a joint venture with Cape Advisors Inc. to acquire property and develop a Mondrian hotel on that property in the SoHo neighborhood of New York City.  The Company had a 20% equity interest in the joint venture.  Under the terms of the hotel management agreement executed between the Company and the joint venture in June 2007, the Company had a contract to manage the hotel for a 10-year term beginning on the date the hotel opened for business, which was in February 2011, with two 10-year extension options.  The Company accounted for its investment in Mondrian SoHo using the equity method of accounting.   
 The joint venture obtained a loan to acquire the hotel property and develop the hotel, which matured in June 2010 and was extended several times.  In November 2012, the joint venture did not meet the necessary extension options and a  foreclosure judgment was issued on November 25, 2014.  The foreclosure sale was held on January 7, 2015, at which German American Capital Corporation ( GACC ), the lender, was the sole and winning bidder.  GACC assigned its bid to 9 Crosby LLC, an affiliate of The Sapir Organization ( Sapir ), a New York-based real estate development and management organization.  The  sale of the hotel property to Sapir closed on March 6, 2015 .  As a result,  effective March 6, 2015, the Company no longer held any equity interest in Mondrian SoHo.  Effective April 27, 2015, the Company no longer managed Mondrian SoHo.   
 Mondrian Istanbul  
 In December 2011, the Company entered into a hotel management agreement for a Mondrian-branded hotel to be located in the Old City area of Istanbul, Turkey.  In December 2011 and January 2012, the Company contributed an aggregate of $10.3 million in the form of equity and key money and had a 20% ownership interest in the joint venture owning the hotel.  
 Due to the Company s joint venture partner s failure to achieve certain agreed milestones in the development of the Mondrian Istanbul hotel, in early 2014, the Company exercised its put option under the joint venture agreement that would have required the Company s joint v enture partner to buy back the Company s equity interests in the Mondrian Istanbul joint venture.    In early 2015, as a result of settlement discussions, the Company determined that this investment was other-than-temporarily impaired and recorded a $3.9 million impairment charge for the three months ended March 31, 2015.   Subsequently, on June 26, 2015, the Company and its Mondrian Istanbul joint venture partner (and related parties) entered into a settlement agreement, which terminated all legal proceedings between the parties.  Pursuant to the settlement agreement, in September 2015, the Company received $6.5 million in exchange for the Company s equity interest in the joint venture .    

5. Other Liabilities  
 As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, other liabilities included $13.9 million related to a designer fee claim.  The Former Parent had an exclusive service agreement with a hotel designer, pursuant to which the designer has made various claims related to the agreement.  Although the Company is not a party to the agreement, it may have certain contractual obligations or liabilities to the Former Parent in connection with the agreement.  According to the agreement, the designer was owed a base fee for each designed hotel, plus 1% of gross revenues, as defined in the agreement, for a 10-year period from the opening of each hotel.  In addition, the agreement also called for the designer to design a minimum number of projects for which the designer would be paid a minimum fee.  A liability amount has been estimated and recorded in these consolidated financial statements before considering any defenses and/or counter-claims that may be available to the Company or the Former Parent in connection with any claim brought by the designer.  The estimated costs of the design services were capitalized as a component of the applicable hotel and amortized over the five-year estimated life of the related design elements.  
   
 15 

6. Debt and Capital Lease Obligations  
 Debt and capital lease obligations consists of the following (in thousands):  

Deferred financing costs are amortized, using the straight line method, which approximates the effective interest rate method, over the terms of the related debt agreements.   
 (a)  Hudson/Delano 2014 Mortgage Loan   
 On February 6, 2014, subsidiaries of the Company entered into a mortgage financing with Citigroup Global Markets Realty Corp. and Bank of America, N.A., as lenders, consisting of $300.0 million nonrecourse mortgage notes and $150.0 million mezzanine loans resulting in an aggregate principal amount of $450.0 million, secured by mortgages encumbering Delano South Beach and Hudson and pledges of equity interests in certain subsidiaries of the Company (collectively, the  Hudson/Delano 2014 Mortgage Loan ).  The net proceeds from the Hudson/Delano 2014 Mortgage Loan were applied to repay the outstanding mortgage debt under the prior mortgage loan secured by Hudson, repay outstanding indebtedness under the Company s senior secured revolving credit facility secured by Delano South Beach (the  Delano Credit Facility ), and fund reserves required under the Hudson/Delano 2014 Mortgage Loan, with the remainder available for general corporate purposes and working capital.    
 The Hudson/Delano 2014 Mortgage Loan was scheduled to mature on February 9, 2016.   On that date, the Company paid $28.2     million     to reduce the principal balance by the same amount     and extend the maturity of this debt until February 9, 2017.  Following the extension, t he Company has two additional one-year extension options that will permit the Company to extend the maturity date of the Hudson/Delano 2014 Mortgage Loan to February 9, 2019, if certain conditions are satisfied at the respective extension dates, including achievement by the Company of a trailing twelve month debt yield of no less than 7.75%  for the first extension and no less than 8.00% for the second extension .  The Company may prepay the Hudson/Delano 2014 Mortgage Loan in an amount necessary to achieve the specified debt yield.  The second and third extensions would also require the payment of an extension fee equal to 0.25% of the then outstanding principal amount under the Hudson/Delano 2014 Mortgage Loan.   Based on the Company s trailing 12 month cash flow through September 30, 2016, the Company estimates that it would be required to prepay approximately $76.2 million of outstanding debt under the Hudson/Delano 2014 Mortgage Loan by February 9, 2017 and pay an approximately $1.0 million extension fee in order to extend the maturity date of the debt outstanding under the Hudson/Delano 2014 Mortgage Loan to February 9, 2018.  Because of this prepayment requirement, if the proposed acquisition by SBE is not consummated, the Company will need to explore a refinancing of the Hudson/Delano 2014 Mortgage Loan from external sources or seek to sell one or more of the Hudson and Delano South Beach.  There can be no assurance that the Company will be able to effect an asset sale or obtain external financing on favorable terms, if at all.    
   
 The Hudson/Delano 2014 Mortgage Loan bears interest at a blended rate of 30-day LIBOR plus 565 basis points.  The Company maintained interest rate caps for the $450.0 million principal amount of the Hudson/Delano 2014 Mortgage Loan that capped the LIBOR rate on the debt under the Hudson/Delano 2014 Mortgage Loan at approximately 1.75% through the February 9, 2016.  In connection with the extension in February 2016, the Company  purchased three interest rate caps with an aggregate notional value of $421.8 million that cap LIBOR at 0.29% through the next maturity date of the loan.    
   The Hudson/Delano 2014 Mortgage Loan provides that all cash flows from Hudson and Delano South Beach are deposited into accounts controlled by the lenders from which debt service and operating expenses, including management fees, are paid and from which other reserve accounts may be funded.  In the event the debt yield ratio falls below 6.75%, any excess amounts will be retained by the lenders until the debt yield ratio exceeds 7.00% for two consecutive calendar quarters.  During the second quarter of 2016, the Company s debt yield ratio fell below the required threshold to  6.68 %.   As a result,  the lenders began retaining the excess cash flow of Hudson and Delano South Beach.  The Company s debt yield ratio as of September 30, 2016 of 6.35% remained below the required  
 16 

threshold.  S  uch excess amounts will be retained by the lenders until the debt yield ratio exceeds   7.00% for two consecutive calendar quarters.        
 The Hudson/Delano 2014 Mortgage Loan may be prepaid at any time, in whole or in part.  The Hudson/Delano 2014 Mortgage Loan is assumable under certain conditions, and provides that either one of the encumbered hotels may be sold, subject to prepayment of the Hudson/Delano 2014 Mortgage Loan at a specified release price and satisfaction of certain other conditions.  
  The Hudson/Delano 2014 Mortgage Loan contains restrictions on the ability of the borrowers to incur additional debt or liens on their assets and on the transfer of direct or indirect interests in Hudson or Delano South Beach and the owners of Hudson and Delano South Beach and other affirmative and negative covenants and events of default customary for multiple asset commercial mortgage-backed securities loans.  The Hudson/Delano 2014 Mortgage Loan is nonrecourse to the Company s subsidiaries that are the borrowers under the loan, except pursuant to certain carveouts detailed therein.  In addition, the Company has provided a customary environmental indemnity and nonrecourse carveout guaranty under which it would have liability if certain events occur with respect to the borrowers, including voluntary bankruptcy filings, collusive involuntary bankruptcy filings, changes to the Hudson capital lease without prior written consent of the lender, violations of the restrictions on transfers, incurrence of additional debt, or encumbrances of the property of the borrowers.  The nonrecourse carveout guaranty prohibits the payment of dividends on or repurchase of the Company s common stock.  As of September 30, 2016, the Company was in compliance with these covenants.  
 (b)  Clift Debt   
 In October 2004, Clift Holdings LLC ( Clift Holdings ), a subsidiary of the Company, sold the Clift hotel to an unrelated party for $71.0 million and then leased it back for a 99-year lease term.  Under this lease, Clift Holdings is required to fund operating shortfalls including the lease payments and to fund all capital expenditures.  This transaction did not qualify as a sale due to the Company s continued involvement and therefore is treated as a financing.  
 The lease agreement provided for base annual rent of approximately $6.0 million per year until October 2014.  Base rent increases by a formula tied to increases in the Consumer Price Index, with a maximum increase of 20% and a minimum increase of 10% at each five-year rent increase date thereafter. As a result of the first contractual rate increase, effective October 14, 2014, the annual rent increased to $7.6 million.  The lease is nonrecourse to the Company.  
 Morgans Group also entered into an agreement, dated September 17, 2010, whereby Morgans Group agreed to guarantee losses of up to $6.0 million suffered by the lessors in the event of certain  bad boy  type acts.  As of September 30, 2016, there had been no triggering event that would require the Company to recognize a liability related to this guarantee.  
 (c)  Liability to Subsidiary Trust Issuing Preferred Securities   
 On August 4, 2006, a newly established trust formed by the Company, MHG Capital Trust I (the  Trust ), issued $50.0 million in trust preferred securities in a private placement.  The Company owns all of the $0.1 million of outstanding common stock of the Trust.  The Trust used the proceeds of these transactions to purchase $50.1 million of junior subordinated notes issued by the Company s operating company and guaranteed by the Company (the  Trust Preferred Notes ) which mature on October 30, 2036.  The sole assets of the Trust consist of the Trust Preferred Notes.  The terms of the Trust Preferred Notes are substantially the same as preferred securities issued by the Trust.  The Trust Preferred Notes and the preferred securities had a fixed interest rate of 8.68% until October 2016, after which the interest rate floats and reset quarterly at the three-month LIBOR rate plus 3.25% per annum.  The Trust Preferred Notes are redeemable by the Trust, at the Company s option, at par, and the Company has not redeemed any Trust Preferred Notes.  To the extent the Company redeems the Trust Preferred Notes, the Trust is required to redeem a corresponding amount of preferred securities.  
 The Company has identified that the Trust is a variable interest entity under ASC 810-10. Based on management s analysis, the Company is not the primary beneficiary of the trust.  Accordingly, the Trust is not consolidated into the Company s financial statements.  The Company accounts for the investment in the common stock of the Trust under the equity method of accounting.  
 In the event the Company were to undertake a transaction that was deemed to constitute a transfer of its properties and assets substantially as an entirety within the meaning of the indenture, the Company may be required to repay the Trust Preferred Notes prior to their maturity or obtain the trustee s consent in connection with such transfer.  
 (d) Restaurant Lease Note  
   As discussed in note 2, in August 2012, the Company acquired the leasehold interests in three food and beverage venues at Mandalay Bay from an existing tenant for $15.0 million in cash at closing and the issuance of a principal-only $10.6 million  
 17 

Rest  aurant Lease Note to be paid over seven years.  The Restaurant Lease Note does not bear interest except in the event of default, as defined in the agreement. In accordance with ASC 470,   Debt  , the Company imputed interest on the Restaurant Lease Note, which   was recorded at its fair value of $7.5 million as of the date of issuance.  At September 30, 2016, the carrying amount of the Restaurant Lease Note was $4.0 million.   
 (e) Capital Lease Obligations  
 The Company has leased two condominium units at Hudson from unrelated third-parties, which are reflected as capital leases.  One of the leases requires the Company to make annual payments, currently $649,728 (subject to increases due to increases in the Consumer Price Index), through November 2096.  This lease also allows the Company to purchase, at its option, the unit at fair market value after November 2015.  The second lease requires the Company to make annual payments, currently $365,490 (subject to increases due to increases in the Consumer Price Index), through December 2098.  
 The Company has allocated both lease payments between the land and building based on their estimated fair values.  The portion of the payments allocated to the building has been capitalized at the present value of the future minimum lease payments.  The portion of the payments allocable to the land is treated as operating lease payments.  The imputed interest rate on both of these leases is 8%, which is based on the Company s incremental borrowing rate at the time the lease agreement was executed.  The capital lease obligations related to the units amounted to approximately $6.1 million as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively. Substantially all of the principal payments on the capital lease obligations are due at the end of the lease agreements.   

7. Commitments and Contingencies  
 Hotel Development Related Commitments  
 In order to obtain management, franchise and license contracts, the Company may commit to contribute capital in various forms on hotel development projects.  These include equity investments, key money, and cash flow guarantees to hotel owners.  The cash flow guarantees generally have a stated maximum amount of funding and a defined term.  The terms of the cash flow guarantees to hotel owners generally require the Company to fund if the hotels do not attain specified levels of operating profit.  Cash flow guarantees to hotel owners may be recoverable as loans repayable to the Company out of future hotel cash flows and/or proceeds from the sale of hotels.  As of September 30, 2016 ,  the Company s potential funding obligations under cash flow guarantees at hotels under development at the maximum amount under the applicable contracts, but excluding contracts where the maximum amount cannot be determined, was $5.0 million, which relates to Delano Cartagena where construction has not yet begun.       
 T he Company has signed management, license or franchise agreements for new hotels which are in various stages of development. As of September 30, 2016, these included the following:   

There can be no assurance that any or all of the Company s projects listed above will be developed as planned.  If adequate project financing is not obtained, these projects may need to be limited in scope, deferred or cancelled altogether, in which case the Company may be unable to recover any previously funded key money, equity investments or debt financing.   
   
 Owned Hotel Commitments 
   The Company may have long-term commitments that are expected to be incurred by the Company or its consolidated consisting of targeted renovations at the Company s Owned Hotels and other non-recurring capital expenditures that need to be made periodically with respect to its properties , including a renovation of the fa ade of Hudson and Clift.   As required by applicable law, at Hudson, the Company must complete a renovation of the fa ade by April 2018, costing an estimated $6.0 million.   Additionally, beginning in 2017 and into 2018, we anticipate a renovation of the fa ade of Clift and we are currently in the process of receiving  
 18 

estimates for the work, which we expect could be material.   The Company   intends to fund both of these projects during 2017 and 2018 through amounts in restricted cash and additional funds to be provided by the Company, however there can be no assuran  ces that the Company will be able to access the additional funds necessary.  
   
 Other Guarantees to Hotel Owners  
 As discussed above, the Company has provided certain cash flow guarantees to hotel owners in order to secure management contracts.  
 The Company s hotel management agreements for Royalton and Morgans contain cash flow guarantee performance tests that stipulate certain minimum levels of operating performance.  These performance test provisions give the Company the option to fund a shortfall in operating performance limited to the Company s earned base fees.  If the Company chooses not to fund the shortfall, the hotel owner has the option to terminate the management agreement.  Historically, the Company has funded the shortfall and as of September 30, 2016, approximately $ 0.6  million was accrued as a reduction to management fees related to these performance test provisions.  Until the end of 2016 and so long as the Company funds the shortfalls, the hotel owners do not have the right to terminate the Company as hotel manager.  The Company s maximum potential amount of future fundings related to the Royalton and Morgans performance guarantee cannot be determined as of September 30, 2016, but under the hotel management agreements is limited to the Company s base fees earned.  On January 28, 2016, the Company entered into amendments to each of the hotel management agreements relating to Royalton and Morgans, both owned by the same hotel owner.  In connection with owner s potential sale of each of those hotels, the Company agreed to allow the owner to sell the hotels unencumbered by the current hotel management agreements.  Under each of the amendments, the owner has the right to terminate the hotel management agreements at any time upon at least 30 days  prior written notice in exchange for paying us $3.5 million for each of the hotels upon a termination of each agreement.  The Company expects to continue to manage the hotels until they are sold. 
 Additionally, the Company is currently subject to performance tests under certain other of its hotel management agreements, which could result in early termination of the Company s hotel management agreements.   As of  September 30, 2016 , the Company is in compliance with these termination performance tests and is not exercising any contractual cure rights.  Generally, the performance tests are two part tests based on achievement of budget or cash flow and revenue per available room indices.  In addition, once the performance test period begins, which is generally multiple years after a hotel opens, each of these performance tests must fail for two or more consecutive years and the Company has the right to cure any performance failures, subject to certain limitations.   
 Litigation Regarding TLG Promissory Notes    
 On August 5, 2013, Messrs. Andrew Sasson and Andy Masi filed a lawsuit in the Supreme Court of the State of New York against TLG Acquisition LLC and Morgans Group LLC relating to the $18.0 million TLG Promissory Notes.  See note 1 regarding the background of the TLG Promissory Notes.  The complaint alleges, among other things, a breach of contract and an event of default under the TLG Promissory Notes as a result of the Company s failure to repay the TLG Promissory Notes following an alleged  Change of Control  that purportedly occurred upon the election of the Company s Board of Directors on June 14, 2013.  The complaint sought payment of Mr. Sasson s $16.0 million TLG Promissory Note and Mr. Masi s $2.0 million TLG Promissory Note, plus interest compounded to principal, as well as default interest, and reasonable costs and expenses incurred in the lawsuit.   On September 26, 2013, the Company filed a motion to dismiss the complaint in its entirety.  On February 6, 2014, the court granted the Company s motion to dismiss.  On March 7, 2014, Messrs.  Sasson and Masi filed a Notice of Appeal from this decision with the Appellate Division, First Department.  On April 9, 2015, the Appellate Division, First Department, reversed the trial court s decision, denying the motion to dismiss and remanding to the trial court for further proceedings.  The Company filed a motion for reconsideration at the appellate court, which was denied on July 7, 2015.  The Company filed its answer to the complaint with the trial court on May 11, 2015.    On August 27, 2015, Messrs.  Sasson and Masi filed a motion for partial summary judgment with the trial court and the Company filed its opposition to that motion on October 12, 2015.  In February 2016, the plaintiff s partial summary judgment motion was granted and the judge signed the order in March 2016.    
 On July 6, 2016, a judgment was entered in the Supreme Court of the State of New York.  At that time, the Company posted a bond in the amount of approximately $3.0 million, thereby staying enforcement of the judgment pending the Company s appeal. Plaintiffs also have a claim for attorneys  fees, which they have recently estimated to total approximately  $1.0 million , which the Company intends to dispute and oppose.   A  lthough the TLG Promissory Notes were repaid and retired in December 2014, this lawsuit remains pending in connection with issues related primarily to the interest rates applicable to the TLG Promissory Notes.     
 Litigation Regarding  Pending Acquisition of Company by SBEEG Holdings LLC  
   
 19 

Following the announcement     of the     execution of     the definitive agreement under which the Company would be acquired by SBE, as discussed further in footnote 13, four putative class     act  i  o  n   la  ws  u  it  s   we  re     f  i  l  ed   b  y   p  u  rp  o  r  t  ed   s  t  ock  h  ol  d  e  r  s   o  f   t  h  e   Compan  y   c  h  alle  n  gi  n  g   th  e m  e  rger and the     merger agree  m  e  n  t.     
   
 The first comp l aint was filed in   the Supreme Cou r t of  Ne w  Y o r k,  Ne w   Y or k  C  ou n t y  o n  Ma y  2 7,  2 0 16  ( t he    N e w  Yo rk  Act  i  on  ).  On  J u n e  15 ,  20 1 6 ,  th e  pla  i  nt  i  f f  i n  th e  Ne w   Y o rk  Acti  o n  f  i  le d a  no  t  ic e   of  v o lu  n  tary disco  n  ti  n  uanc e  w  i  th  o  u t  p r eju  d  ice ,    t  here  b y  v o lu  n  tar  i  l y  d  i  sc o nt  i  nu  i  n g  t  h e   New  Yo rk  Act  i  on.  
   
 T h e   o t her three   c o m p lai n ts   were f i led in  t he Court of   Chancery of   the   State   of Delaw a re.    On  J u n e  2 9,  2 0 16 ,  th e  Co u r t of  Cha  n  ce ry  of  the State of   Delaware   entered   an   order,   am o ng o t her t h in g  s , co n  s oli d ati n g the three actio n s   filed  i n Delaware ( th e   Co  n  sol  i  date d  Ac  t  io n   )  an d  a  p  po  i  nt  i  n g  co - lead  cou n sel a n d Delaware co u  n sel in   the   Consolidated   Action. 
   
 On June 30, 2016, p l ain t iffs  i n the Consoli d ated Ac t ion filed a Verified Consol i dated Ame n ded Class Acti o n Comp l aint (the  Complaint ).  The Complaint names as defendants the individual members of our Board of Directors, SBE,   Merger Sub,  R ona l d W. Burk l e, The Yuca i pa Compan i es, LLC, Yuca i pa Amer i can   All i ance Fund II, L.P., Yucai p a American Allia n ce (Paral l el) Fund II, L.P., Yucaipa American Alliance Fund II, LLC, Yucaipa Ame r ican Funds, LLC, and Yucaipa   American Mana g eme n t, LLC.  T h e Com p lai n t alleges, among other things, that   the members of the Company s Board of Directors breached t h eir fiduciary duties to the Company s stockholders by approving t h e merger a n d aut h or i zing  t he Company  t o enter in t o the merger a g  r eemen t , that Mr.  B urkle and t h e Yucai p a e n tit i es are c o ntro l ling s t ockholders of the Company and breached the i r purported fiduciary duties, and that SBE and Merger   Sub aided and abetted these alleged fiduciary breaches.  The Complaint further alleges that, among other things, Mr. Burkle and the Yucaipa   entities pressu r ed the Company  i nto e n tering i n to t h e merger agreement and approving the merger   and frustrated the Company s efforts  t o exp l ore o t her potential strategic alternatives;   that  t he merger c o nsiderati o n is fi n ancia l ly inadequate; that the sales process leading up to   the merger and the merger agreement was flawed; and t h at the dea l -pro t ecti o n provis i ons in t h e   merger agreement are undu l y prec l usive and theref o re prevent a poten t ial to p pi n g bi d der or to p pi n g bi d ders from ma k ing a superi o r proposal.  The Com p laint see k s, am o ng o t  h er th i ngs, certifica t ion of the proposed class, prelimi n ary a n d permane n t in j unc t ive re l ief (incl u di n g enj o in i ng or   resci n di n g the   merger), unspec i f i ed damages, and an award of ot h er unspecified attorneys  and o t her fees and costs.  
   
 The Company believes that the claims ass e rted in t h e  C omplai n t are w i th o ut merit a n d in t end to defend a g ainst t h em. However, a 
 nega t  i ve outcome    i n these lawsuits,   or any f o l l ow- o n  l awsui t ,   c o u l d ha v e   a significant impact on the Compa n y if    t  h ey result in pre l iminary or   permane n t    i  n j u nct i ve rel i ef or   damages.  The Company   is   not currently   a b le    t o predict  t  h e outc o me of the l i tiga t  i  o n or any foll o w-up lawsuit w i th any certai n ty. 
 Other Litigation  
 The Company is involved in various lawsuits and administrative actions in the normal course of business, in addition to the other litigation noted above.  The Company has recorded the necessary  accrual for contingent liabilities related to outstanding litigations.  
 Environmental  
 As a holder of real estate, the Company is subject to various environmental laws of federal, state and local governments. Compliance by the Company with existing laws has not had an adverse effect on the Company and management does not believe that it will have a material adverse impact in the future. However, the Company cannot predict the impact of new or changed laws or regulations.  

8. Omnibus Stock Incentive Plan  
 On May 22, 2007, the Company adopted the Morgans Hotel Group Co. 2007 Omnibus Stock Incentive Plan.  Subsequently and on several occasions, the Company s Board of Directors adopted, and stockholders approved, amendments to the 2007 Omnibus Stock Incentive Plan (the  Stock Plan ), to namely increase the number of shares reserved for issuance under the plan.  As of September 30, 2016, the Stock Plan had 14,610,000 shares reserved for issuance.  
   
 The Stock Plan provides for the issuance of stock-based incentive awards, including incentive stock options, non-qualified stock options, stock appreciation rights, shares of common stock of the Company, including restricted stock units ( RSUs ) and other equity-based awards, including membership units in Morgans Group which are structured as profits interests ( LTIP Units ), or any combination of the foregoing.  The eligible participants in the Stock Plan include directors, officers and employees of the Company.  Awards other than options and stock appreciation rights reduce the shares available for grant by 1.7 shares for each share subject to such an award.  
 20 

The Company has granted, or may grant, RSUs to certain executives, employees or non-employee directors as part of future annual equity grants or to newly hired or promoted employees from time to time.    
 A summary of stock-based incentive awards as of September 30, 2016 is as follows (in units, or shares, as applicable):   

Total stock compensation expense, which is included in corporate expenses on the accompanying consolidated statements of comprehensive loss, was  $0.2  million, $0.5 million, $ 0.5  million, and $1.4 million, for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. 
 As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, there were approximately $ 0.5  million and $0.7 million, respectively, of total unrecognized compensation costs related to unvested share awards. As of September 30, 2016, the weighted-average period over which the unrecognized compensation expense will be recorded is approximately less than one year.  

9. Preferred Securities and Warrants  
 Preferred Securities and Warrants Held by Yucaipa Investors  
 On October 15, 2009, the Company entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement with the Yucaipa Investors. Under the agreement, the Company issued and sold to the Yucaipa Investors (i) $75.0 million of preferred stock comprised of 75,000 shares of the Company s Series A preferred securities, $1,000 liquidation preference per share, and (ii) warrants to purchase 12,500,000 shares of the Company s common stock at an exercise price of $6.00 per share, or the Yucaipa Warrants, which are exercisable utilizing a cashless exercise method only, resulting in a net share issuance.  
 The Series A preferred securities had an 8% dividend rate through October 15, 2014 and a 10% dividend rate through October 15, 2016.  Effective October 16, 2016 and thereafter, the dividend rate on the Series A preferred securities is 20%.  The Company has the option to accrue any and all dividend payments.  The cumulative unpaid dividends have a dividend rate equal to the dividend rate on the Series A preferred securities.  As of September 30, 2016, the Company had undeclared and unpaid dividends of approximately $66.0 million.  The Company has the option to redeem any or all of the Series A preferred securities at par, plus cumulative unpaid dividends, at any time.  The Series A preferred securities have limited voting rights and only vote on the authorization to issue senior preferred securities, amendments to their certificate of designations and amendments to the Company s charter that adversely affect the Series A preferred securities. 
 For so long as the Yucaipa Investors own a majority of the outstanding Series A preferred securities under the terms of the certificate of designations governing the Series A preferred securities, they also have certain consent rights, subject to certain exceptions and limitations, over certain transactions involving the acquisition of the Company by any third party, other than as the result of the disposition of our real estate assets where we continue to engage in the business of managing hotel properties and other real estate, pursuant to which the Series A preferred securities are converted or otherwise reclassified into or exchanged for securities of another entity, and certain other transactions where a vote of the holders of the Series A preferred securities is required by law or the Company s certificate of incorporation.    
 As discussed in note 2, the Yucaipa Warrants to purchase 12,500,000 shares of the Company s common stock at an exercise price of $6.00 per share have a 7-1/2 year term and are exercisable utilizing a cashless exercise method only, resulting in a net share issuance.  In accordance with ASC 815-10-15, the Yucaipa Warrants are accounted for as equity instruments indexed to the Company s stock.  The Yucaipa Investors  right to exercise the Yucaipa Warrants to purchase 12,500,000 shares of the Company s common stock expires in April 2017.  The exercise price and number of shares subject to the Yucaipa Warrants are both subject to anti-dilution adjustments. 
 21 

For so long as the Yucaipa Investors collectively own or have the right to purchase through exercise of the Yucaipa Warrants (assuming a cash rather than a cashless exercise) 875,000 shares   of the Company s common stock, the Company has agreed to use its reasonable best efforts to cause its Board of Directors to nominate and recommend to the Company s stockholders the election of a person nominated by the Yucaipa Investors as a director of th  e Company and to use its reasonable best efforts to ensure that the Yucaipa Investors  nominee is elected to the Company s Board of Directors at each such meeting.  If that nominee is not elected as a director at a meeting of stockholders, the Yucaipa Inve  stors have certain Board of Director observer rights.  Further, if the Company does not, within 30 days from the date of such meeting, create an additional seat on the Board of Directors and make available such seat to the nominee, the dividend rate on the   Series A preferred securities increases by 4% during any time that a Yucaipa Investors  nominee is not a member of the Company s Board of Directors.  A Yucaipa Investors  nominee currently sits on the Company s Board of Directors.        
 Under the terms of the Securities Purchase Agreement, the Yucaipa Investors have consent rights over certain transactions for so long as they collectively own or have the right to purchase, assuming cashless exercise of the Yucaipa Warrants, 6,250,000 shares of the Company s common stock, including (subject to certain exceptions and limitations): 

the sale of substantially all of the Company s assets to a third party;      

the acquisition by the Company of a third party where the equity investment by the Company is $100.0 million or greater;      

the acquisition of the Company by a third party  , other than as the result of the disposition of our real estate assets where the Company continues to engage in the business of managing hotel properties and other real property assets  ; or      

any change in the size of the Company s Board of Directors to a number below 7 or above 9.      

 The Yucaipa Investors are subject to certain standstill arrangements as long as they beneficially own over 15% of the Company s common stock.  
 The initial carrying value of the Series A preferred securities was recorded at its net present value less costs to issue on the date of issuance.  The carrying value will be periodically adjusted for accretion of the discount. As of September 30, 2016, the value of the preferred securities was $73.7 million, which includes cumulative accretion of $26.7 million.  
 See note 13 for additional information pertaining to the Series A preferred securities and the Yucaipa Warrants. 

10. Related Party Transactions  
 The Company earned management fees, chain services reimbursements and fees for certain technical services and has receivables from hotels it owns through investments in unconsolidated joint ventures.  These fees totaled approximately $0.4 million for the three months ended September 30, 2015 and $ 0.9  million and $1.9 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively.  The Company recognized no fees from its investments in unconsolidated joint ventures during the three months ended September 30, 2016.  
 As of December 31, 2015, the Company had receivables from these affiliates of approximately $ 0.4  million, which is included in related party receivables on the accompanying consolidated balance sheet.  The Company s receivables from affiliates as of September 30, 2016 were immaterial.   

22 

11. Other Expenses  
 Restructuring and development costs  
 Restructuring expenses primarily relate to costs incurred related to the Company s corporate restructuring initiatives, such as professional fees, litigation and settlement costs, executive terminations and severance costs related to such restructuring initiatives, the Board of Directors  strategic alterative review process costs, proxy contests, and gains and losses on asset disposals as part of major renovation projects.  Development expenses primarily relate to transaction costs related to the acquisition or termination of projects, internal development payroll and other costs and pre-opening expenses incurred related to new concepts at existing hotel and the development of new hotels, and the write-off of abandoned development projects previously capitalized.  R estructuring and development costs consist of the following (in thousands):  

Other non-operating expenses  
 Other non-operating expenses primarily relate to costs associated with discontinued operations and previously owned hotels, both consolidated and unconsolidated, miscellaneous litigation and settlement costs and other expenses that relate to the financing and investing activities of the Company.  Other non-operating expenses consist of the following (in thousands):  

12. Deferred Gain on Asset Sales  
 Deferred Gain 
 In 2011, the Company sold Mondrian Los Angeles, Royalton, Morgans, and its 50% equity interest in the joint venture that owned Sanderson and St Martins Lane. The Company continues to operate all of these hotels under long-term management agreements.  
 In accordance with ASC 360-20,  Property, Plant and Equipment, Real Estate Sales , the Company evaluated its accounting for the gain on sales of these assets, noting that the Company continues to have significant continuing involvement in the hotels as a result of long-term management agreements and shares in risks and rewards of ownership.  Accordingly, the Company recorded deferred gains of approximately $152.4 million related to the sales of Royalton, Morgans, Mondrian Los Angeles, and the Company s equity interests in Sanderson and St Martins Lane, which are deferred and recognized as a gain on asset sales over the initial term of the related management agreements.  Gain on asset sales were $2.0 million and $2.0 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, and $6.0 million and $6.0 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively.  
 Gain on Sale of TLG Equity Interest 
 On January 23, 2015, t he Company completed the TLG Equity Sale, as discussed in note 1, and received proceeds of $32.8 million, net of closing costs.  In accordance with ASC 360-20, the Company recognized a gain of $1.8 million on the sale of its interest in TLG during the nine months ended September 30, 2015.  The operating results of TLG s operations from January 1, 2015 to January 22, 2015 was not significant.    

23 

13. Pending Acquisition by SBEEG Holdings, LLC    
       
 On May 9, 2016, the Company entered into a definitive agreement under which the Company will be acquired by SBE, a leading global lifestyle hospitality company.  Under the terms of the merger agreement, SBE will acquire all of the outstanding shares of the Company s common stock for $2.25 per share in cash.  As part of the transaction, affiliates of the Yucaipa Investors will exchange their $75.0 million in Series A preferred securities, accrued preferred dividends, and warrants for $75.0 million in preferred shares and an interest in the common equity in the acquirer and, following the closing, the leasehold interests in three restaurants in Las Vegas currently held by the Company.   
   
  On September 26, 2016, the Company held a special meeting of stockholders (the  Special Meeting ).  At the Special Meeting, a majority of the Company s stockholders voted to approve the agreement and plan of merger, as it may be amended from time to time, dated as of May 9, 2016, as described in the Proxy Statement filed by the Company on Schedule 14A on August 4, 2016, as amended (the  Proxy Statement ).    The transaction, which was approved by the Company s Board of Directors in May 2016, is subject to the assumption or refinancing of the Company s mortgage loan agreements and customary closing conditions,  as described in the Proxy Statement.    
   
 As of the date of this filing, November 9, 2016, the merger has not yet closed. On November 8, 2016, the parties to the merger agreement agreed to extend the outside date to November 30, 2016.  The parties are continuing to work towards closing the merger as promptly as practicable, as discussed further in  Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations   Liquidity and Capital Sources.  

24 

ITEM 2.   
 
            MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF   FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS        

 The following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and related notes appearing elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q.  In addition to historical information, this discussion and analysis contains forward-looking statements that involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions.  Our actual results may differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of certain factors, including but not limited to, those set forth under  Forward Looking Statements  in this report,  Risk Factors  in Item IA, and elsewhere in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015.  
 Recent Developments 
   
 On May 9, 2016, we entered into a definitive agreement under which the Company will be acquired by SBEEG Holdings, LLC ( SBE ), a leading global lifestyle hospitality company.  Under the terms of the agreement, SBE will acquire all of the outstanding shares of the Company s common stock for $2.25 per share in cash.  As part of the transaction, an affiliate of The Yucaipa Companies (the  Yucaipa Investors ) will exchange its $75.0 million of Series A preferred securities, accrued preferred dividends, and warrants for $75.0 million in preferred shares and an interest in the common equity in the acquirer and, following the closing, the leasehold interests in three restaurants in Las Vegas currently held by us.   On September 26, 2016, we held a special meeting of stockholders (the  Special Meeting ). At the Special Meeting, a majority of the Company s stockholders voted to approve the agreement and plan of merger, as it may be amended from time to time.   The transaction, which was approved by the our Board of Directors in May 2016, is subject to the assumption or refinancing of the Company s mortgage loan agreements and customary closing conditions,  as described in the Proxy Statement filed by the Company on Schedule 14A on August 4, 2016, as amended (the  Proxy Statement ) . The foregoing description of the definitive acquisition agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby does not purport to be complete and is subject to, and qualified in its entirety, by the full text of such agreement attached as an exhibit to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on May 10, 2016.   
   
 As discussed below in  Liquidity and Capital Sources , as of the date of this filing, November 9, 2016, the merger has not yet closed. On November 8, 2016, the parties to the merger agreement agreed to extend the outside date to November 30, 2016.  The parties are continuing to work towards closing the merger as promptly as practicable.   
   
 SBE has obtained commitments to finance the transaction through a combination of proceeds from the sale of new preferred equity in the newly-formed company to a third-party investor, liquidity from the refinancing of its existing term loans and a new revolver.  SBE is working to finalize definitive agreements for these commitments. 
 Overview 
 Morgans Hotel Group Co. is a fully integrated lifestyle hospitality company that operates, owns, acquires, and develops boutique hotels, primarily in gateway cities and select resort markets in the United States, Europe and other international locations.   
 The historical financial data presented as of September 30, 2016 herein is the historical financial data for:  

our three Owned Hotels, consisting, as of September 30, 2016, of Hudson in New York, Delano South Beach in Miami Beach, and Clift in San Francisco (which we lease under a long-term lease that is treated as a financing), comprising approximately 1,450 rooms, and the food and beverage operations located at these hotels;      

our Owned F B Operations, consisting, as of September 30, 2016, of leasehold interests in the food and beverage operations located at Mandalay Bay in Las Vegas;      

our seven Managed Hotels, consisting  , as of September 30, 2016, of Royalton and Morgans in New York, Shore Club in Miami Beach, Mondrian in Los Angeles, and Sanderson, St Martins Lane, and Mondrian London in London, comprising approximately 1,540 rooms; and      

our two licensed hotels, consisting, as of September 30, 2016, of Delano Las Vegas, comprising 1,117 rooms, and Mondrian South Beach, comprising   215 rooms  , and our franchised hotel, 10 Karak y, in Istanbul, comprising 71 rooms.     

 Effective January 23, 2015, we sold our 90% equity interest in The Light Group ( TLG ) to Hakkasan Holdings LLC ( Hakkasan ) (the  TLG Equity Sale ) for $32.8 million, net of closing costs.   
   Management, Franchise, and License Agreements.   Although our hotel management agreements and franchise or license agreements are generally long-term, they may be subject to early termination in specified circumstances, or we may agree to early   
 25 

termination as circumstances require.    For example,   on January 28, 2016, we entered into amendments to each of the hotel management agreements relating to Royalton and Morgans, with the ow  ner of these hotels.  In connection with the hotel owners potential sale of those hotels, we agreed to allow the owner to sell the hotels unencumbered by the current hotel management agreements.  Under each of the amendments, the owner has the right to ter  minate the hotel management agreements at any time upon at least 30 days  prior written notice in exchange for paying us $3.5 million for each of the hotels, or $7.0 million in total, upon a termination of each agreement.  We expect to continue to manage t  he hotels until they are sold.  
 Certain of our hotel management agreements and franchise or license agreements contain performance tests that stipulate certain minimum levels of operating performance,  which could result in early termination of our hotel management, license or franchise agreements, once the performance test period begins, which is generally multiple years after a hotel opens.  As of September 30, 2016, we are in compliance with these termination performance tests and are not exercising any contractual cure rights.   We may disagree with hotel owners on how the performance criteria are calculated or whether they have been met.  In addition, some courts have applied principles of agency law and related fiduciary standards to managers of third-party hotel properties (or have interpreted hotel management agreements as  personal services contracts ).  This means, among other things, that property owners may assert the right to terminate management agreements even where the agreements provide otherwise, and some courts have upheld such assertions regarding management agreements and may do so in the future.   
 Several of our hotels are also subject to mortgage and mezzanine debt, and in some instances our management, franchise or license fee is subordinated to the debt.  Some of our management agreements also may be terminated by the lenders on foreclosure or certain other related events.  With some of our existing management, franchise and license agreements we have negotiated, and with all of our new management, franchise and license agreements for hotels under development we attempt to negotiate, non-disturbance agreements or similar protections with the mortgage lender, or to require that such agreements be entered into upon securing of financing, in order to protect our agreements in the event of foreclosure.  However, we are not always successful in imposing these requirements, and some of our new development projects and existing hotels do not have non-disturbance or similar protections, which may make the related agreements subject to termination by the lenders on foreclosure or certain other related events.   Even if we have such non-disturbance protections in place, they may be subject to conditions and may be difficult or costly to enforce in a foreclosure situation.  
 We may also terminate hotel management, franchise or license agreements as circumstances require or as we deem appropriate.   
 Operating Performance Indicators  
 We evaluate the operating performance of our business using a variety of operating and other information that includes financial information prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP such as total revenues, operating income (loss), net income (loss), as well as non-GAAP financial information.  In addition, we use other information that may not be financial in nature, including statistical information and comparative data.  We use this information to measure the performance of individual hotels, groups of hotels, and/or our business as a whole.  Key operating performance indicators commonly used by us, and throughout the hospitality industry, to analyze changes in hotel revenues include:  

Occupancy;      

Average daily rate ( ADR  and      

RevPAR, which is the product of ADR and average daily occupancy, but does not include food and beverage revenue, other hotel operating revenue such as telephone, parking and other guest services, or management fee revenue.     

 These revenue performance indicators are affected by numerous factors, which are discussed in more detail below in  Factors Affecting our Results of Operations.    
 If we are unable to compete effectively, we would lose market share, which could adversely affect our revenues.  As such, another key performance indicator we use to evaluate our hotels  operating performance as compared to our competitors is by analyzing each hotel s RevPAR index, which is a comparison of a hotel s RevPAR as compared it each hotel s respective competitive set.  We rely on industry publications and data, namely as provided by Smith Travel Research, to perform this RevPAR index analysis.   
 In addition to the above metrics we use to evaluate our business, we evaluate our operating results using certain non-GAAP financial measures, namely EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA.   
 26 

Factors Affecting Our Results of Operations   
 Revenues.   As mentioned above, changes in our hotel revenues are most easily explained by changes in occupancy, ADR, and RevPAR.  Specifically, our revenues are derived from the operation of hotels, as well as the operation of our food and beverage venues.  Specifically, our revenue consists of:   

Rooms revenue.    Occupancy and ADR are the major drivers of rooms revenue.      

Food and beverage revenue.    Most of our food and beverage revenue is driven by occupancy of our hotels and the popularity of our bars and restaurants with our local customers.  We record revenue related to the food and beverage venues at our Owned Hotels and our Owned F B Operations.      

Other hotel revenue.    Other hotel revenue, which consists of ancillary revenue such as telephone, internet, parking, spa, resort fees, facilities fees, entertainment and other guest services, is principally driven by hotel occupancy.      

Management fee revenue and other income.    We earn hotel management fees under our hotel management agreements.  These fees may include management and incentive fees, as well as reimbursement for allocated chain services.  We also earn hotel license fees under our hotel franchise and license agreements.  Additionally, prior to January 23, 2015, we owned a 90% controlling investment in TLG, which operates numerous venues primarily in Las Vegas pursuant to management agreements primarily with various MGM affiliates.  Each of TLG s venues was managed by an affiliate of TLG, which received fees under a management agreement for the venue.  Through our prior ownership of TLG, we recognized management fees in accordance with the applicable management agreement, which generally provided for base management fees as a percentage of gross sales, and incentive management fees as a percentage of net profits, as calculated pursuant to the management agreements.      

 Fluctuations in revenues, which tend to correlate with changes the gross domestic product ( GDP ), are driven largely by general economic and local economic conditions but can also be impacted by major events, such as terrorist attacks or natural disasters, which in turn affect levels of business and leisure travel.  For example, the recent detection of the Zika virus in the Miami area of Florida and the corresponding travel warnings issued by the United States Center for Disease Control, has negatively impacted demand at Miami Beach hotels, including Delano South Beach.   
 The seasonal nature of the hospitality business can also impact revenues.  For example, our Miami hotels are generally strongest in the first quarter, whereas our New York hotels are generally strongest in the fourth quarter.  However, prevailing economic conditions or the impact of other major events, such as Zika, can cause fluctuations which impact seasonality.  
 In addition to economic conditions, supply is another important factor that can affect revenues.  Room rates, occupancy and food and beverage revenues tend to fall when supply increases, unless the supply growth is offset by an equal or greater increase in demand.  
 Further, renovations at our Owned Hotels can have a significant impact on our revenues.  
 Finally, competition within the hospitality industry can affect revenues.  Competitive factors in the hospitality industry include name recognition, pricing, quality of service, convenience of location, quality of the property or venue, and range and quality of nightlife, food and beverage services and amenities offered.  We also compete with other operators, including major hospitality chains with well-established and recognized brands as well as private short-term room and accommodation rentals.  Our competitors generally also have more established and broader reaching guest loyalty programs which may enable them to attract more customers and more effectively retain such guests.  In addition, all of our hotels, restaurants, nightclubs and bars are located in areas where there are numerous competitors, many of whom have substantially greater financial and marketing resources than us.  New or existing competitors could offer significantly lower rates and pricing or more convenient locations, services or amenities or significantly expand, improve or introduce new service offerings in markets in which our hotels, restaurants, nightclubs, bars, and other food and beverage venues compete, thereby posing a greater competitive threat than at present.  
 Operating Costs and Expenses.   Our operating costs and expenses consist of the costs to provide hotel and food and beverage services, costs to operate our hotel management company, costs to operate TLG prior to the TLG Equity Sale, and costs associated with the ownership of our assets, including:   

Rooms expense.    Rooms expense includes the payroll and benefits for the front office, housekeeping, concierge and reservations departments and related expenses, such as laundry, rooms supplies, travel agent commissions and reservation expense.  Like rooms revenue, occupancy is a major driver of rooms expense, which has a significant correlation with rooms revenue.      

 27 

Food and beverage expense.    Similar to food and beverage revenue, occupancy of the hotels in which we operate food and beverage venues, and the popularity of our restaurants, nightclubs, bars and o  ther food and beverage venues with our local customers, are the major drivers of food and beverage expense, which has a significant correlation with food and beverage revenue.      

Other departmental expense.    Occupancy is the major driver of other departmental expense, which includes telephone, internet, parking, spa, resort fees, facilities fees, entertainment and other expenses related to the generation of other hotel revenue.      

Hotel selling, general and administrative expense.    Hotel selling, general and administrative expense consist of administrative and general expenses, such as payroll and related costs, travel expenses and office rent, advertising and promotion expenses, comprising the payroll of the hotel sales teams, the global sales team and advertising, marketing and promotion expenses for our hotel properties, utility expense and repairs and maintenance expenses, comprising the ongoing costs to repair and maintain our hotel properties.      

Property taxes, insurance and other.    Property taxes, insurance and other consist primarily of insurance costs and property taxes.      

Corporate expenses, including stock compensation.    Corporate expenses consist of the cost of our corporate offices, including, prior to the TLG Equity Sale on January 23, 2015, the corporate office of TLG, net of any cost reimbursements, which consists primarily of payroll and related costs, stock-based compensation expenses, office rent and legal and professional fees and costs associated with being a public company.      

Depreciation and amortization expense.    Hotel properties are depreciated using the straight-line method over estimated useful lives of 39.5 years for buildings and five years for furniture, fixtures and equipment.  We also record amortization on our other assets, such as the three restaurant leases in Las Vegas that we purchased in August 2012.  Prior to the TLG Equity Sale, we recorded amortization expense related to the TLG management contracts.       

Restructuring and development costs.    Restructuring costs     include costs incurred related to our corporate restructuring initiatives, such as professional fees, litigation and settlement costs, executive terminations and severance costs related to such restructuring initiatives, the Board of Directors  strategic alternative review process costs, including costs related to the proposed acquisition of the Company by SBE, proxy contest costs and gains or losses on asset disposals as part of major renovation projects or restructuring. Development costs     include transaction costs related to the acquisition or termination of projects, internal development payroll and other costs and pre-opening expenses incurred related to new concepts at existing hotels and the development of new hotels, and the write-off of abandoned development projects previously capitalized.      

Loss on receivables and other assets from unconsolidated joint ventures and managed hotels   includes impairment costs incurred related to receivables deemed uncollectible from unconsolidated joint ventures and managed hotels and other assets related to unconsolidated joint ventures and managed hotels which have been deemed to have no value.     

 Other Items.   Other expenses we incur include:   

Interest expense, net.    Interest expense, net includes interest on our debt and amortization of financing costs and is presented net of interest income and interest capitalized.      

Impairment loss and equity in (income) loss of unconsolidated joint ventures  .  Impairment loss and equity in (income) loss of unconsolidated joint ventures includes impairment losses recorded on our current and former investments in unconsolidated joint ventures, our share of the net profits and losses of former joint venture hotels and food and beverage operations, and our investments in former hotels under development in which we had an equity interest.  We review our investments in unconsolidated joint ventures for other-than-temporary impairment when triggering events occur.      

Impairment loss on intangible asset  .  We recorded an impairment loss on goodwill during the first quarter of 2016 related to the then-pending transfer of our   ownership interest in the food and beverage venues at Sanderson to the hotel owner effective June 1, 2016.          

Gain on asset sales  .  We recorded deferred gains related to the sales of Royalton, Morgans, Mondrian Los Angeles, and our ownership interests in Sanderson and St Martins Lane, as discussed in note 12 of our consolidated financial statements.  As we have significant continuing involvement with these hotels through long-term management agreements, the gains on sales are deferred and recognized over the initial term of the related management agreement.  Additionally, we recorded a gain in 2015 related to the TLG Equity Sale which was recognized immediately through earnings, as discussed in note 12 of our consolidated financial statements.     

 28 

Other non-operating expenses.    Other non-operating expenses   include costs associated with discontinued operations and previously owned hot  els, both consolidated and unconsolidated, miscellaneous litigation and settlement costs and income, and other expenses that relate to our financing and investing activities.      

Income tax expense (benefit).    All of our foreign subsidiaries are subject to local jurisdiction corporate income taxes.  Income tax expense is reported at the applicable rate for the periods presented.  We are subject to Federal and state income taxes.  Income taxes for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 were computed using our calculated effective tax rate.  We also recorded net deferred taxes related to cumulative differences in the basis recorded for certain assets and liabilities.  We established a reserve on the deferred tax assets based on the ability to utilize net operating loss carryforwards.      

Noncontrolling interest income (loss).    Noncontrolling interest is the income (loss) attributable to the holders of membership units in Morgans Group, our operating company, owned by Residual Hotel Interest LLC, our former parent, as discussed in note 1 of our consolidated financial statements, and the 10% ownership interest in TLG that was held by certain prior owners of TLG, which was eliminated upon completion of the TLG Equity Sale.       

Preferred stock dividends and accretion.    Dividends attributable to our outstanding preferred stock and the accretion of the fair value discount on the issuance of the preferred stock are reflected as adjustments to our net loss to arrive at net loss attributable to common stockholders, as discussed in note 9 of our consolidated financial statements.      

 Most categories of variable operating expenses, such as operating supplies, and certain labor, such as housekeeping, fluctuate with changes in occupancy.  Increases in RevPAR attributable to increases in occupancy are accompanied by increases in most categories of variable operating costs and expenses.  Increases in RevPAR attributable to improvements in ADR typically only result in increases in limited categories of operating costs and expenses, primarily credit card and travel agent commissions.  Thus, improvements in ADR have a more significant impact on improving our operating margins than occupancy.  
 Notwithstanding our efforts to reduce variable costs, there are limits to how much we can reduce total costs because we have significant costs that are relatively fixed costs, such as depreciation and amortization, labor costs and employee benefits, insurance, real estate taxes, interest and other expenses associated with owning hotels that do not necessarily decrease when circumstances such as market factors cause a reduction in our hotel revenues.  
 Operating Results and Recent Trends  
 The performance of the lodging industry is highly cyclical and has traditionally been closely linked with the performance of the general economy and, specifically, growth in the U.S. GDP, employment, and investment and travel demand.  During 2015 and into 2016, the U.S. experienced modest GDP growth, however increased supply in our major markets, discussed below,  impacted our hotels  occupancy and constrained our rate growth during 2015 and the first half of 2016.   Further, the  impact of the strong U.S. dollar and a weak global economy, specifically in Europe and China, has impacted, and may continue to impact, our hotels in New York City, Miami and London, where we are particularly dependent on international tourists.   
 The pace of new lodging supply, especially in New York City and Miami, has increased over the past several years  and we expect that these trends will continue throughout 2016 as the new supply in these markets is absorbed.  In these markets,  the  new lodging supply impacted our hotels  occupancy and constrained rate growth during the first half of 2016.    
 Additionally, we believe the rising popularity of alternative lodging companies, such as  privately-owned residential properties, including homes and condominiums that can be rented on a nightly, weekly or monthly,  have had an impact on our business and operations, as travelers have opted to stay at these privately placed accommodations rather than at our hotels, especially in larger cities, such as New York City, where we have a high concentration of hotel rooms.   We believe that this trend will continue throughout 2016 and may have a more meaningful impact in other domestic and international markets in which we are located.  
 The recent detection of the Zika virus in the Miami area of Florida and the corresponding travel warnings issued by the United States Center for Disease Control, has negatively impacted demand at Miami Beach hotels, including Delano South Beach.   
 RevPAR at System-Wide Comparable Hotels, which includes all Morgans Hotel Group branded hotels operated by us, except for hotels added or under major renovation during the current period or the prior year period, development projects and hotels no longer managed by us, decreased by 2.6% in constant dollars (6.2% in actual dollars) in the third quarter of 2016 as compared to the same period in 2015, due primarily to a decrease of 2.4% in constant dollars (6.0% in actual dollars) in ADR. 
   RevPAR from System-Wide Comparable Hotels in New York decreased 5.6% in the third quarter of 2016 as compared to the same period in 2015, due to a 4.7% decrease in ADR slightly and a 0.9% decrease in occupancy.  RevPAR at Hudson decreased 4.6%  
 29 

during the third quarter of 2016 as compared to the same period in 2015, driven by a 4.6% ADR decrea  se primarily due to new supply in New York City.        
 Delano South Beach experienced a RevPAR decrease of 1.9% during the third quarter of 2016 as compared to the same period in 2015, due to a 2.7% decrease in occupancy, slightly offset by a 0.6% increase in ADR.   
 Clift s RevPAR decreased 7.9% in the third quarter of 2016 as compared to the third quarter of 2015, due to a 5.8% decrease in ADR and a 2.3% decrease in occupancy.      
 RevPAR from System-Wide Comparable Hotels in London, which is comprised of Sanderson and Mondrian London, increased 4.0% in constant dollars during the third quarter of 2016 as compared to the same period in 2015, due primarily to a 4.1% increase in occupancy.   
   
 30 

Comparison of Three Months Ended September 30, 2016 to Three Month  s Ended September 30, 2015  
 The following table presents our operating results for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, including the amount and percentage change in these results between the two periods. The consolidated operating results are as follows:  

Total Hotel Revenues.  Total hotel revenues decreased 8.9% to $45.6 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to $50.0 million for the three months ended September 30, 2015. This decrease was primarily due to decreased ADR at our Owned Hotels, discussed below.  
 Rooms revenue  decreased 5.3% to $28.7 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to $30.4 million for the three months ended September 30, 2015. This decrease was primarily due to decreases in ADR at Hudson and Clift during the three months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to the same period in 2015.  The decrease at Hudson was primarily due to increased competition from new supply in New York and the strong U.S. Dollar as compared to other currencies. The decrease in rooms revenues at Clift was primarily due to softer transient demand during the three months ended September 30, 2016.  
 31 

The components of RevPAR from our Owned Hotels, which consi  sted, as of September 30, 2016, of Hudson, Delano South Beach and Clift, for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 are summarized as follows:   

Food and beverage revenue  decreased 19.7% to $14.2 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to $17.7 million for the three months ended September 30, 2015. Approximately $2.0 million of this decrease was due to the transfer our ownership interest   in the food and beverage venues at Sanderson to the hotel owner effective June 1, 2016 as discussed in note 1 of our consolidated financial statements.  Additionally, food and beverage   revenues at Delano South Beach declined quarter over quarter due primarily to increased competition in Miami and the impact of the Zika travel warning on our outdoor venues, which negatively impacted the Delano South Beach s nightclub, restaurants and bars.  
 Other hotel revenue  increased 32.7% to $2.6 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to $2.0 million for the three months ended September 30, 2015. This increase in other hotel revenues was primarily due the implementation of a facility fee at Clift and an increase in the facility fee at Hudson, both effective June 2016, which resulted in additional revenue recognized during the three months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to the same period in 2015.  
 Management Fee Related Parties and Other Income.  Management fee related parties and other income decreased by 9.7% to $2.9 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to $3.2 million for the three months ended September 30, 2015. This decrease was primarily due to conversion of the Mondrian South Beach management agreement into a license agreement effective June 8, 2016 and declining operating results at Shore Club due to the effects of the shift in timing of the anticipated termination of our management agreement, which was initially scheduled to occur in the second quarter of 2016.  We continue to manage Shore Club and termination of our management agreement is currently anticipated to occur in the first quarter of 2017.      
 Operating Costs and Expenses  
 Rooms expense  increased 2.0% to $9.8 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to $9.6 million for the three months ended September 30, 2015.  This increase was due primarily to inflationary increases.  
 Food and beverage expense  decreased 15.3% to $11.3 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to $13.3 million for the three months ended September 30, 2015. This decrease is primarily due to the transfer our ownership interest   in the food and beverage venues at Sanderson to the hotel owner effective June 1, 2016,   and a decrease in food and beverage expenses at Delano South Beach, as a result of decreased revenues due to decreased revenues discussed above.      
  Other departmental expense  was relatively flat at $1.0 million for the three month period ended September 30, 2016 and $1.1 million for the three month period ended September 30, 2015.      
 Hotel selling, general and administrative expense  decreased 5.7% to $9.4 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to $10.0 million for the three months ended September 30, 2015 primarily due to cost saving initiatives at our Owned Hotels.   
 Property taxes, insurance and other expense  increased 8.1% to $4.4 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to $4.1 million for the three months ended September 30, 2015.   This increase was primarily due to an increase in Hudson s real estate tax assessment.    
 Corporate expenses, including stock compensation  decreased 27.2% to $3.8 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to $5.2 million for the three months ended September 30, 2015. This decrease was primarily due to vacant positions in the corporate office and a decline in stock compensation expense.     
 Depreciation and amortization  was relatively flat at $5.7 million for the three month period ended September 30, 2016 and $5.6 million for the three month period ended September 30, 2015.   
 32 

Restructuring and developm  ent costs   increased 40.7% to $2.5 million for the   three months ended September 30, 2016   compared to $1.8 million for the   three months ended September 30, 2015.  This increase was primarily due to legal and advisory fees related to the potential acquisition   of the Company by SBE  .           
 Interest expense, net  decreased 13.4% to $10.5 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to $12.1 million for the three months ended September 30, 2015. This decrease was primarily due to the $28.2 million prepayment of outstanding debt under the Hudson/Delano 2014 Mortgage Loan in February 2016.      
   Other non-operating expenses (income)  resulted in an expense of $0.3 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to income of $0.1 million for the three months ended September 30, 2015. This change was primarily due to a settlement agreement with the owner of Delano Marrakech, as discussed further in note 7 to our consolidated financial statements.   
 Income tax expense  was relatively flat at $0.1 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to $0.2 million for the three months ended September 30, 2015.    
   
 33 

Comparison of Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 to Nine Months Ended September 30, 2015  
 The following table presents our operating results for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, including the amount and percentage change in these results between the two periods. The consolidated operating results are as follows:  

(1) Change not meaningful.   
 Total Hotel Revenues.  Total hotel revenues decreased 5.7%     to $143.3 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to $152.0 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015.   This decrease was primarily due to decreased ADR slightly offset by an increase in occupancy at our Owned Hotels, discussed below.  
 Rooms revenue  decreased 3.7% to $83.9 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to $87.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015  . This decrease was primarily due to decreases in ADR at Delano South Beach and Hudson during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to the same period in 2015 primarily due to new supply in New York and Miami and the strong U.S. Dollar as compared to other currencies.   
 34 

The components of RevPAR from our Owned Hotels, which consisted, as of September 30, 2016, of Hudson, Delano South Beach and Clift, for the nine months ended S  eptember 30, 2016 and 2015 are summarized as follows:   

Food and beverage revenue    decreased   11.4%   to $52.2 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to $58.9 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015.  This decrease was primarily due to the transfer our ownership interest   in the food and beverage venues at Sanderson to the hotel owner effective June 1, 2016 as discussed in footnote 1 of our consolidated financial statements.  Additionally,   revenues at Delano South Beach and Hudson declined between the periods presented due primarily to increased competition in Miami and the impact of the Zika travel warning on our outdoor venues, which negatively impacted the Delano South Beach s nightclub, restaurants and bars, and the discontinuation of room service at Hudson effective July 2015.    
 Other hotel reven ue   increased 21.7% to $7.2 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to $5.9 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. This increase was primarily due to increased spa revenue at Delano South Beach as a result of Delano South Beach self-managing the hotel s spa effective May 2015 as a result of the termination of an operating lease with a third-party.  Additionally, the implementation of a facility fee at Clift and an increase in the facility fee at Hudson, both effective June 2016, resulted in additional revenue recognized during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to the same period in 2015.  
 Managem ent Fee Related Parties and Other Income.   Management fee related parties and other income decreased by 15.9% to $9.0 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to $10.7 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. This decrease was primarily due to the conversion of the Mondrian South Beach management agreement into a license agreement effective June 8, 2016 and the Mondrian SoHo management agreement effective April 27, 2015, along with the sale of our interest in TLG in January 2015.  Excluding Mondrian South Beach, Mondrian SoHo and TLG, management fees decreased by $0.5 million, or 6.3%, due primarily to the declining operating results at Shore Club due to the effects of the shift in timing of the anticipated termination of our management agreement, which was initially scheduled to occur in the second quarter of 2016.  We continue to manage Shore Club and termination of our management agreement is currently anticipated to occur in the first quarter of 2017.      
 Operating Costs and Expenses  
 Rooms expe nse   increased 4.3% to $29.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to $27.9 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015.  This increase was due primarily to inflationary increases at our Owned Hotels.  
 Food and beverage expens e   decreased 9.9%   to $37.7 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to $41.9 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015  . This decrease is primarily due to the transfer our ownership interest   in the food and beverage venues at Sanderson to the hotel owner effective June 1, 2016.   Additionally, we experienced   a decrease in food and beverage expenses at Hudson, as a result of the elimination of room service, and Delano South Beach, due to decreased revenues as a result of increased competition, discussed above.      
 Other departmental expense  increased   5.4%     to $3.3 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to $3.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015.   This increase was primarily due to increased expenses at Delano South Beach related to the hotels  management of the spa effective in May 2015, discussed above.      
 Hotel selling, general and administrative expens e   decreased 5.3% t  o $28.9 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to $30.6 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015   primarily due to cost saving initiatives at our Owned Hotels.   
 Property taxes, insurance and other expense  increased 5.5% to $13.0   million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to $12.4 million for the nine months end  ed September 30, 2015. This increase was primarily due to an increase in Hudson s real estate tax assessment.    
 Corporate expenses, including stock compensation  decreased   20.5% to $12.9 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to $16.2 million for the nine months   ended September 30, 2015. This decrease was primarily due to vacant positions in the corporate office, a decline in stock compensation expense, and the TLG Equity Sale completed in January 2015.     
 35 

Depreciation and amortization   was relatively flat at $16.9 million for the   nine month period ended September 30, 2016 as compared to $16.8 million for the nine month period ended September 30,   2015.    
 Restructuring and development c osts   increased 17.6% to $5.8 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to $4.9 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015.  This increase was primarily due to legal and advisory fees related to the potential acquisition of the Company by SBE.       
 Loss on receivables from unconsolidated joint venture  was $0.6 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015 due to the assessment of collectability of certain outstanding receivables due from a joint venture.  
   Interest expense, net     decreased 11.1% t  o $31.9 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to $35.9 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015.   This decrease was primarily due to the $28.2 million prepayment of outstanding debt under the Hudson/Delano 2014 Mortgage Loan in February 2016.      
 Impairment loss and equity in income of unconsolidated joint ventures  decreased $3.9 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2015 as the result of a $3.9 million impairment loss of our investment in Mondrian Istanbul which we recorded in the first half of 2015.    
 Impairment loss on intangible asset  increased $0.4 million due to the impairment of goodwill associated with our ownership interest in the food and beverage venues at Sanderson, which we transferred to the hotel owner effective September 1, 2016, as discussed above.    
 Gain on asset sales  decreased 22.9% betwee  n the periods presented, resulting in income of $6.0 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and income of $7.8 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. This decrease was due primarily to the gain recognized on the completion of the TLG Equity Sale in January 2015.    
 Other non-operating expenses  decreased   62.4% to $1.2 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to $3.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015  . This decrease was primarily due to legal costs incurred during the first half of 2015 related to Mondrian SoHo litigation.    
 Incom e tax expense   was relatively flat at $0.4 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and $0.5 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015.    
   
 36 

Liquidity and Capital Resources      
 Short-Term Liquidity.   As of September 30, 2016, we had approximately $10.6 million in cash and cash equivalents. However, approximately $4.9 million of this amount was at our Owned Hotels and Owned F B Operations and was primarily needed for outstanding payables in early October 2016.  There are also significant payables remaining at the corporate level, including accrued transaction costs related to the Company s acquisition by SBE, discussed further below.  Additionally, as of September 30, 2016, we had $16.7 million of restricted cash, which consisted primarily of cash held in escrow accounts for debt service or lease payments, capital expenditures, taxes and litigation.  
 Our current cash balance and future cash flows may be insufficient to meet our near term obligations. Unforeseen expenses, a further downturn in operating results, the acquisition of the Company by SBE not closing, or any combination of the foregoing would further increase our cash flow concerns.    We are actively managing our cash flow to meet our obligations, however there can be no assurance that we will be successful.    Furthermore, cash flow has historically been negative in January, our operationally slowest month of the year. 
 All transaction costs incurred to date related to the SBE acquisition, which as of September 30, 2016 were approximately $5.6 million, have been accrued but not paid.  If the sale of the Company to SBE is consummated, these transaction costs will be paid by the purchaser.  If the sale to SBE is not completed, we will be responsible for paying these expenses.  Currently, we do not project there to be sufficient cash flow to pay these expenses and there can be no assurance that we can obtain funds to pay these expenses either through the termination fee that could be payable under the merger agreement, as discussed below, or other external sources.      
   
 As discussed above in  Recent Developments,  on May 9, 2016 we entered into the merger agreement pursuant to which SBE will acquire all of the outstanding shares of the Company s common stock for $2.25 per share in cash.  On September 26, 2016, at the Special Meeting, the Company s stockholders approved the adoption of the merger agreement.  Consummation of the  merger remains subject to the assumption or refinancing of the Company s mortgage loan agreements and other customary closing conditions.  As of the date of this filing, November 9, 2016, the merger has not yet closed.  On November 8, 2016, the parties to the merger agreement agreed to extend the outside date to November 30, 2016.  In that connection, the relevant parties have extended the termination date of each of the preferred equity commitment letter, the rollover contribution and the debt commitment letter related to the equity and debt financing for the merger to November 30, 2016.  The parties are continuing to work towards closing the merger as promptly as practicable.  SBE and its partners, Yucaipa and Cain Hoy, and the Company have finalized the terms of an assumption of the Hudson/Delano mortgage debt, and the mortgage assumption has been submitted to the rating agencies for approval.  Based on market practice, we anticipate that the rating agency confirmation process will take between two and four weeks and that the merger would close promptly thereafter assuming all other conditions have been met or waived. SBE has advised us that it has substantially completed the definitive documentation for each of the preferred equity commitment letter, the rollover contribution and the debt commitment letter, and anticipates being able to consummate the transactions required by those financing agreements promptly following receipt of rating agency confirmation in respect of the Hudson/Delano mortgage debt.  
   
 There can be no assurance that the condition to the merger related to the assumption or refinancing of the mortgage loans will be satisfied, or that the other remaining conditions to the merger will be satisfied prior to the new outside date or that the outside date will be further extended if the merger has not closed by November 30, 2016.  If the merger agreement is terminated by reason of the failure of SBE to satisfy the condition related to the assumption or refinancing of the Hudson/Delano 2016 Mortgage Loan or the failure of SBE to obtain the other financing for the merger, we intend to seek payment by SBE of the termination fee of $6.5 million.  There can be no assurance whether SBE will make this payment or as to the timing of payment.  
   
 If the acquisition of the Company by SBE is not completed, we will need to explore alternatives, including the possibility of re-engaging our process for the sale of Hudson and/or Delano South Beach in order to address current cash constraints and the February 9, 2017 maturity and related prepayment requirement of the Hudson/Delano 2014 Mortgage Loan, discussed further below.  Under that scenario, if we were to sell Hudson and/or Delano South Beach, we would intend to use the proceeds from those asset sales to retire the Hudson/Delano 2014 Mortgage Loan, pay transaction costs in connection with the proposed sale of the Company and provide for working capital needs.  We would use the remaining proceeds, if any, to redeem the outstanding Series A preferred securities and accrued dividends.  If the Trust Preferred Notes are accelerated, as discussed below, this would reduce the amount of Series A preferred securities and accrued dividends that we would be able to redeem.   
   The $421.8 million of outstanding debt under the Hudson/Delano 2014 Mortgage Loan matures on February 9, 2017.  We have two remaining one-year extension options that will permit us to extend the maturity date to February 9, 2019, if certain conditions are satisfied at the respective extension dates, including the achievement of a debt yield (determined by a ratio expressed as a percentage in which (i) the numerator is our trailing 12 month cash flow and (ii) the denominator is the then outstanding principal amount of debt under the Hudson/Delano 2014 Mortgage Loan) of no less than 7.75% for the first extension and no less than 8.00% for the second extension.  If the sale of the Company is not consummated, to the extent we decide to further extend the maturity date of the debt outstanding under the Hudson/Delano 2014 Mortgage Loan, we may need to prepay the Hudson/Delano 2014 Mortgage Loan in an  
 37 

amount necessary to achieve the applicable debt yield.  Additionally, each of the remaining extension options also requ  ires the payment of an extension fee in an amount equal to 0.25% of the then outstanding principal amount under the Hudson/Delano 2014 Mortgage Loan.  Based on our trailing 12 month cash flow through September 30, 2016, we estimate that we would be require  d to prepay approximately $76.2 million of outstanding debt under the Hudson/Delano 2014 Mortgage Loan by February 9, 2017 and pay an approximately $1.0 million extension fee in order to extend the maturity date of the debt outstanding under the Hudson/Del  ano 2014 Mortgage Loan to February 9, 2018.  The prepayment amount will be based on the actual trailing twelve months cash flow as of the time of the extension.  We would need to effect the sale of Hudson and/or Delano as discussed above or obtain external   financing to the extent available to us in order to meet this prepayment requirement.      
   
 As disclosed in note 9 of our consolidated financial statements, the Yucaipa Investors have certain consent rights over certain transactions for so long as they collectively own or have the right to purchase, assuming cashless exercise of the Yucaipa Warrants, 6,250,000 shares of the Company s common stock (subject to certain exceptions and limitations).  Although we believe that the Yucaipa Investors do not have veto power over the sale of an individual hotel, we cannot assure you that, should the merger not be consummated, the Yucaipa Investors would not assert a right to approve any sale of the Hudson or Delano South Beach assets. If such approval is withheld, there could be a material impact our ability to consummate the asset sales.  In addition, under the terms of the merger agreement with SBE, we do not have the ability to solicit offers for either the Hudson or Delano South Beach while the merger agreement is in effect and, absent a waiver by SBE, we therefore would not be able to commence a sale process until the merger agreement is terminated. 
 Our ability to pay interest and dividends on, and the outstanding balances of, our debt and our Series A preferred securities, fund our operations, and make anticipated capital expenditures depends upon our future operating performance and our ability to complete the sale of the Company to SBE or, to the extent the sale is not consummated, to monetize the Hudson and/or Delano South Beach hotels.   Prevailing economic conditions, our ability to consummate the sale of the Company, or our ability to monetize our owned real estate assets, if at all, and financial, business and other factors, many of which are beyond our control, will affect our ability to make these payments and fund operations.   
 Additionally, the decline in operating results at Hudson and Delano South Beach will impact our ability to access future cash flows at these hotels as a result of provisions of the Hudson/Delano 2014 Mortgage Loan, which require that all cash flows from Hudson and Delano South Beach are deposited into accounts controlled by the lenders from which debt service and operating expenses, including management fees, are paid and from which other reserve accounts may be funded.  In the event the debt yield ratio under the Hudson/Delano 2014 Mortgage Loan falls below 6.75%, any excess amounts will be retained by the lenders until the debt yield ratio exceeds 7.00% for two consecutive calendar quarters.  During the second quarter of 2016, our debt yield ratio fell below the required threshold to  6.68%. As a result,  the lenders began retaining the excess cash flow of Hudson and Delano South Beach.  Our debt yield ratio as of September 30, 2016 of 6.35% remained below the required threshold.  Such excess amounts will continue to be retained by the lenders until the debt yield ratio exceeds 7.00% for two consecutive calendar quarters.   
 Although the parties are continuing to work towards closing the transaction, there can be no assurance that the acquisition of the Company by SBE will occur.  If the acquisition of the Company, or an alternative thereto, is not consummated, there can be no assurance that a sale of one or more of our hotel assets or the attainment of external financing will occur.  Further, assuming we sell Hudson and Delano South Beach, there is no assurance that a sale will occur at prices sufficient to retire all of our debt and preferred equity instruments as planned.  Under this scenario, in the event that the net proceeds from contemplated asset sales, along with other cash sources, are not sufficient, we may explore various financing options, to the extent available to us, to retire any remaining debt outstanding under the Hudson/Delano 2014 Mortgage Loan and redeem any remaining Series A preferred securities and accrued dividends.  We may have to undertake alternative financing plans, such as refinancing or restructuring these obligations, reducing or delaying capital investments or seeking to raise additional capital through issuance of common or preferred equity or convertible securities, although there can be no assurance that we can access any of these sources of liquidity on terms acceptable to us, or at all, in the future.     
 The Series A preferred securities had a 10% dividend rate through October 15, 2016.  Effective October 16, 2016 and thereafter, the dividend rate on the Series A preferred securities increased to 20%.  We have the option to accrue any and all dividend payments, and as of September 30, 2016, we have not declared any dividends.  The cumulative unpaid dividends also have a dividend rate equal to the then applicable dividend rate on the Series A preferred securities.  As of September 30, 2016, we had  $75.0 million of outstanding Series A preferred securities and  $66.0 million  of accrued and unpaid dividends.   We have the option to redeem any or all of the Series A preferred securities at any time at a redemption price equal to the sum of (i) $1,000 per security and (ii) the accumulated and unpaid dividends to the redemption date.  See footnote 11 in our consolidated financial statements for more information about our Series A preferred securities. 
   Additionally, our Trust Preferred Notes had a fixed interest rate of 8.68% until October 2016, and thereafter bear interest at a floating rate based on the three-month LIBOR plus 3.25%.  The Trust Preferred Notes may be redeemed at par.  In the event we  
 38 

undertake a transaction that is deemed to constitute a transfer or sale of our assets substantially as an entirety within the meaning of the indenture governing the   Trust Preferred Notes  , and the holders of the Trust Preferred Notes exercise their right to   accelerate payment of the Trust Preferred Notes, we would be required to repay the $50.1 million outstanding   Trust Preferred Notes   prior to their maturity.  A  lternatively, we would need to obtain the necessary consents of holders of a majority in aggregat  e principal amount of the   Trust Preferred Notes, which may require a restructuring of these notes  .   B  ased on preliminary conversations with the manager of our outstanding Trust Preferred Notes, a sale of both Hudson and Delano South Beach may be deemed to   constitute a sale of the Company s assets substantially as an entirety within the meaning of the indenture.    See   Debt  for more information about our trust notes.    
 Additionally, we expect that we and our consolidated subsidiaries will have additional liquidity requirements during the next 12 months and beyond by reason of targeted renovations at our Owned Hotels and other non-recurring capital expenditures that need to be made periodically with respect to our properties, including a renovation of the fa ade of each of Hudson and Clift.  As required by applicable law, at Hudson we must complete a renovation of the fa ade by April 2018, costing an estimated total of $6.0 million.   Additionally, beginning in 2017 and into 2018, we anticipate a renovation of the fa ade of Clift and we are currently in the process of receiving estimates for the work, which we expect could be material.  W e intend to fund both of these projects during 2017 and 2018 through amounts in restricted cash and additional funds to be provided by the Company, however there can be no assurance that we will be able to access the additional funds necessary.        
 In addition to the excess cash reserves related to the Hudson/Delano 2014 Mortgage Loan discussed above, we are obligated to maintain certain reserve funds at our Owned Hotels as determined pursuant to our debt or lease agreements related to such hotels which require us to deposit cash into escrow accounts which are restricted as to their usage.  These reserve funds include reserves related to debt service, reserve funds for capital expenditures, which relate primarily to the periodic replacement or refurbishment of furniture, fixtures and equipment at amounts generally equal to 4% of the hotel s revenues, insurance programs and taxes, among other things.  
 Sources of Liquidity.   In connection with the third party owner s plans to convert the Shore Club hotel to condominiums and in accordance with the owner s preexisting termination right, we and the hotel owner agreed to terminate our management of the hotel prior to the expiration of the management agreement.  Currently, we believe that our management of Shore Club will terminate effective in the first quarter of 2017.  We will continue to manage Shore Club in accordance with the terms of the management agreement until the termination becomes effective.  Upon termination, we expect to receive a termination fee of approximately $2.8 million.    
 Further, as discussed in   Overview Management, Franchise, and License Agreements,  if the hotel owner  terminates the Royalton and/or Morgans hotel management agreements at any time upon at least 30 days  prior written notice, that owner is obligated to pay us a $3.5 million termination fee for each hotel, or $7.0 million in total, upon a termination of each agreement.  We understand that the owner is actively marketing the hotels for sale; however, we expect to continue to manage the hotels until they are sold .   
 As of September 30, 2016, we had approximately $466.8 million of remaining Federal tax net operating loss carryforwards to offset future income.  If the sale of the Company is not consummated and we pursue hotel asset sales, we believe we have significant value available to us in Hudson and Delano South Beach, and that the tax basis of these assets is significantly less than their fair values.  As of September 30, 2016, we estimate that the tax basis of Hudson is approximately $137.5 million and tax basis of Delano South Beach is approximately $65.0 million.   
 Long-Term Liquidity.   Our long-term liquidity requirements include our obligations to pay scheduled debt maturities, which primarily consist of  our outstanding Trust Preferred Notes, which mature in October 2036, and the Clift lease, each as described under   Debt.   Additionally, we may have long-term liquidity requirements that are expected to be incurred by us or our consolidated subsidiaries beyond the next 12 months consisting of targeted renovations at our Owned Hotels and other non-recurring capital expenditures that need to be made periodically with respect to our properties and the costs associated with acquisitions and development of properties under contract, and new acquisitions and development projects that we may pursue.    
 Other Liquidity Matters  
 In addition to our expected short-term and long-term liquidity requirements, our liquidity could also be affected by certain other potential liquidity matters, including litigation and potential litigation, as discussed below.  
   TLG Promissory Notes Litigation.   As discussed further in  Part II.  Item 1.  Legal Proceedings ,   in February 2016, the plaintiff s partial summary judgment motion in the litigation relating to the TLG Promissory Notes was granted and the judge signed an order.    On July 6, 2016, a judgment was entered in connection with litigation filed by Messrs. Sasson and Masi against the Company in the Supreme Court of the State of New York.  At that time, we posted a bond in the amount of approximately $3.0   
 39 

million, thereby staying enforcement of   the judgment pending our appeal. Plaintiffs also have a claim for attorneys  fees, which they have recently estimated to total approximately   $1.0 million  , which we intend to dispute and oppose.       
 Litigation Regarding  Pending Acquisition of Company by SBEEG Holdings LLC  .   As discussed further in  Part II.  Item 1.  Legal Proceedings  ,    following the announcement     of the     execution of     the definitive agreement under which we would be acquired by SBE, four putative class     act  i  o  n   la  ws  uit  s   we  re     f  i  l  ed   b  y   p  u  rp  o  r  t  ed   s  t  ock  h  ol  d  e  r  s   o  f   t  h  e   Compan  y   c  h  alle  n  gi  n  g   th  e m  e  rger and the     merger agree  m  e  n  t.    T  he     Company     believes that the claims     ass  e  rted are w  i  th  o  u  t merit a  n  d in  t  e  nds to defend a  g  ainst t  h  em. However, a nega  t  i  ve outcome     i  n these lawsuits,     or any f  o  l  l  ow-  o  n   l  awsui  t  ,     c  o  u  l  d ha  v  e     a significant impact on the Compa  n  y if     t  h  ey result in pre  l  iminary or     permane  n  t     i  n  j  u  nct  i  ve rel  i  ef or     damages.  We are not currently     a  b  le     t  o predict   t  h  e outc  o  me of the l  i  tiga  t  i  o  n or any foll  o  w-up lawsuit w  i  th any certai  n  ty.    
 Potential Litigation .  We may have potential liability in connection with certain claims by a designer for which we have accrued $13.9 million as of September 30, 2016, as discussed in note 5 of our consolidated financial statements.    
 Other Possible Uses of Capital.   We may continue to invest in new management, franchise and license agreements through key money, equity or debt investments.  To fund any such future investments, we may from time to time pursue various potential financing opportunities available to us.   
 We have a number of additional development projects signed or under consideration, some of which may require equity investments, key money or credit support from us.  In addition, through certain cash flow guarantees, we may have potential future funding obligations for operating hotels and hotels under development, as discussed in note 7 of our consolidated financial statements.   
 Comparison of Cash Flows for the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 to the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2015   
 Operating Activities.  Net cash provided by operating activities was $0.3 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to net cash used in operating activities of $4.7 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015.  The decline in net cash used is primarily due to the deferral of the payment of restructuring costs, discussed above in    Liquidity and Capital Resources   Short Term Liquidity.   
 Investing Activities.  Net cash used in investing activities was $4.8 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to net cash provided by investing activities of $31.4 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015.  Net cash provided by investing activities in 2015 was primarily due to the TLG Equity Sale, which closed in January 2015.    
 Financing Activities.  Net cash used in financing activities was $30.8 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to net cash used in financing activities of $1.4 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. This change was primarily due to the principal paydown and maturity date extension of the Hudson/Delano 2014 Mortgage Loan in February 2016, discussed below in   Debt.      
 Debt  
 Hudson/Delano 2014 Mortgage Loan .  On February 6, 2014, certain of our subsidiaries entered into a financing arrangement with Citigroup Global Markets Realty Corp. and Bank of America, N.A., as lenders, consisting of nonrecourse mortgage and mezzanine loans in the aggregate principal amount of $450.0 million, secured by mortgages encumbering Delano South Beach and Hudson and pledges of equity interests in certain of our subsidiaries (collectively, the  Hudson/Delano 2014 Mortgage Loan ).  The net proceeds from the Hudson/Delano 2014 Mortgage Loan were applied to repay outstanding mortgage debt under the prior mortgage loan secured by Hudson, repay indebtedness under our senior secured revolving credit facility secured by Delano South Beach, and fund reserves required under the Hudson/Delano 2014 Mortgage Loan, with the remainder available for general corporate purposes and working capital.   
   The Hudson/Delano 2014 Mortgage Loan was scheduled to mature on February 9, 2016.  On that date, we paid $28.2 million to reduce the principal debt balance by the same amount   and extend the maturity of this debt until February 9, 2017.  We have two remaining one-year extension options that will permit us to extend the maturity date to February 9, 2019, if certain conditions are satisfied at the respective extension dates, including the achievement of a debt yield of no less than 7.75% for the first extension and no less than 8.00% for the second extension.  We may prepay the Hudson/Delano 2014 Mortgage Loan in an amount necessary to achieve the specified debt yield, such as we did in February 2016.  The second and third extensions would also require the payment of an extension fee equal to 0.25% of the then outstanding principal amount.   Based on our trailing 12 month cash flow through September 30, 2016, we estimate that we would be required to prepay approximately $76.2 million of outstanding debt under the  
 40 

Hudson/Delano 2014 Mortgage Loan by February 9, 2017 and pay an approximately $1.0 million extension fee in order to extend the maturity date of the debt outstanding under the Hudson/Delano 2014 Mortgage Loan to   February 9, 2018.  Because of this prepayment requirement, if the proposed acquisition by SBE is not consummated, we will need to explore a refinancing of the Hudson/Delano 2014 Mortgage Loan from external sources or seek to sell one or more of the Hudson   and Delano South Beach.  We cannot assure you that we will be able to effect an asset sale or obtain external financing on favorable terms, if at all.    
 The Hudson/Delano 2014 Mortgage Loan bears interest at a blended rate of 30-day LIBOR plus 565 basis points.  Prior to the loan extension in February 2016, we maintained interest rate caps for the $450.0 million principal amount of the Hudson/Delano 2014 Mortgage Loan that capped the LIBOR rate on the debt at 1.75%.  In February 2016, we purchased three interest rate caps with an aggregate notional value of $421.8 million that cap LIBOR at 0.29% through the next maturity date of the loan in February 2017. 
 The Hudson/Delano 2014 Mortgage Loan may be prepaid at any time, in whole or in part.  The Hudson/Delano 2014 Mortgage Loan is assumable under certain conditions, and provides that either one of the encumbered hotels may be sold, subject to prepayment of the Hudson/Delano 2014 Mortgage Loan at a specified release price and satisfaction of certain other conditions.  
 Notes to a Subsidiary Trust Issuing Preferred Securities.   In August 2006, we formed a trust, MHG Capital Trust I (the  Trust ), to issue $50.0 million of Trust Preferred Notes in a private placement.  The sole assets of the Trust consist of the Trust Preferred Notes due October 30, 2036 issued by Morgans Group and guaranteed by Morgans Hotel Group Co.  The Trust Preferred Notes have a 30-year term, ending October 30, 2036, and had a fixed interest rate of 8.68% until October 2016, and thereafter bear interest at a floating rate based on the three-month LIBOR plus 3.25%.  These securities are redeemable by the Trust at par.  In the event we were to undertake a transaction that was deemed to constitute a transfer of our properties and assets substantially as an entirety within the meaning of the indenture, we may be required to repay the Trust Preferred Notes prior to their maturity or obtain the trustee s consent in connection with such transfer.  As noted above, based on preliminary conversations with the manager of our outstanding Trust Preferred Notes, if we were required to sell assets in order to prepay the Hudson/Delano loan in February 2017, a sale of both Hudson and Delano South Beach may be deemed to constitute a sale of the Company s assets substantially as an entirety within the meaning of the indenture.  
 Clift.   We lease Clift under a 99-year nonrecourse lease agreement expiring in 2103.  The lease is accounted for as a capital lease with a liability balance of $96.7 million at September 30, 2016.   
 The Clift lease agreement provided for base annual rent of approximately $6.0 million per year until October 2014.   Base rent increases by a formula tied to increases in the Consumer Price Index, with a maximum increase of 20% and a minimum increase of 10% at each five-year rent increase date.  As a result of the first contractual increase, effective October 14, 2014, the annual rent increased to $7.6 million.  The lease is nonrecourse to us.  Morgans Group also entered into a limited guaranty, whereby Morgans Group agreed to guarantee losses of up to $6.0 million suffered by the lessors in the event of certain  bad boy  type acts.  As of June 30, 2016, there has been no triggering event that would require us to accrue any potential liability related to this guarantee.  
 Hudson Capital Leases.   We lease two condominium units at Hudson which are reflected as capital leases with an aggregate balance of $6.1 million at September 30, 2016.  Currently, annual lease payments total approximately $1.0 million and are subject to increases in line with inflation.  The leases expire in 2096 and 2098.   
 Restaurant Lease Note.   In August 2012, we entered into a 10-year licensing agreement with MGM, with two five-year extensions at our option subject to performance thresholds, with MGM to convert an existing hotel to Delano Las Vegas, which is managed by MGM, with two five-year extensions at our option, subject to performance thresholds.  In addition, we acquired the leasehold interests in three food and beverage venues at Mandalay Bay in Las Vegas from an existing tenant for $15.0 million in cash at closing and a principal-only $10.6 million note (the  Restaurant Lease Note ) to be paid over seven years.   
 The Restaurant Lease Note does not bear interest except in the event of default, as defined in the agreement.  In accordance with ASC 470,  Debt , we imputed interest on the Restaurant Lease Note, which was recorded at its fair value of $7.5 million as of the date of issuance.  At September 30, 2016, the carrying amount of the Restaurant Lease Note is $4.0 million.  
 Seasonality  
 The hospitality business is seasonal in nature.  For example, our Miami hotels are generally strongest in the first quarter, whereas our New York hotels are generally strongest in the fourth quarter.  Quarterly revenues also may be adversely affected by events beyond our control, such as global recession, extreme weather conditions, terrorist attacks or alerts, natural disasters, airline strikes and other considerations affecting travel.  
 41 

Due to increased room supply in New York City and Miami and the globa  l economic downturn, the impact of seasonality was not as significant as in prior periods and may continue to be less pronounced in 2016.       
   Capital Expenditures and Reserve Funds   
 We are obligated to maintain reserve funds for capital expenditures at our Owned Hotels as determined pursuant to our debt or lease agreements related to such hotels.  As of September 30, 2016, we had approximately $4.6 million in restricted cash reserves for future capital expenditures under these obligations related to our Owned Hotels.  Additionally, a s required by Applicable Law, at Hudson we must complete a renovation of the fa ade by April 2018, costing an estimated total of $6.0 million.  A dditionally, beginning in 2017 and into 2018, we anticipate a renovation of the fa ade of Clift and we are currently in the process of receiving estimates for the work, which we expect could be material.  W e intend to fund both of these projects during 2017 and 2018 through amounts in restricted cash and additional funds to be provided by the Company, however there can be no assurances that we will be able to access the additional funds necessary.  
 In addition to reserve funds for capital expenditures, our Owned Hotels debt and lease agreements also require us to deposit cash into escrow accounts for debt service, including provisions that require excess cash flows be deposited into reserve accounts when defined debt yield ratios fall below stipulated amounts which is currently the case with the Hudson/Delano 2014 Mortgage Loan as discussed under  -Liquidity and Capital Resources , or lease payments, insurance, and taxes, among other things.  As of September 30, 2016, approximately $8.0 million was included in restricted cash reserves for these obligations related to our Owned Hotels.   
 Our Managed Hotels generally are subject to similar obligations under our management agreements or under debt agreements related to such hotels.  These capital expenditures relate primarily to the periodic replacement or refurbishment of furniture, fixtures and equipment.  Such agreements typically require the hotel owner to reserve funds at amounts equal to 4% of the hotel s revenues and require the funds to be set aside in restricted cash.  
 We anticipate Clift, a leased hotel, will need to be renovated in the next few years. 
   Derivative Financial Instruments   
 We use derivative financial instruments to manage our exposure to the interest rate risks related to our variable rate debt.  We do not use derivatives for trading or speculative purposes and only enter into contracts with major financial institutions based on their credit rating and other factors.  We determine the fair value of our derivative financial instruments using models which incorporate standard market conventions and techniques such as discounted cash flow and option pricing models to determine fair value.  We believe these methods of estimating fair value result in general approximation of value, and such value may or may not be realized.  
 In connection with the extension of the Hudson/Delano 2014 Mortgage Loan, in February 2016, we purchased three interest rate caps with an aggregate notional value of $421.8 million that cap LIBOR at 0.29% through the next maturity date of the loan.   As of September 30, 2016, the fair value of these interest rate caps was $0.5 million.   
 On October 15, 2009, we entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement with the Yucaipa Investors.  Under the Securities Purchase Agreement, we issued and sold to the Yucaipa Investors (i)  75,000 shares of the our Series A preferred securities, $1,000 liquidation preference per share, and (ii) the Yucaipa Warrants to purchase 12,500,000 shares of the Company s common stock at an exercise price of $6.00 per share.  The Yucaipa Warrants have a 7-1/2 year term and are exercisable utilizing a cashless exercise method only, resulting in a net share issuance.  The exercise price and number of shares subject to the warrant are both subject to certain anti-dilution adjustments.  

ITEM 3.   
 
        QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK      

 Interest Rate Risk  
 Our future income, cash flows and fair values relevant to financial instruments are dependent upon prevailing market interest rates. Some of our outstanding debt has a variable interest rate. As described in  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Results of Operations   Derivative Financial Instruments  above, we use derivative financial instruments, primarily interest rate caps, to manage our exposure to interest rate risks related to our floating rate debt. We do not use derivatives for trading or speculative purposes and only enter into contracts with major financial institutions based on their credit rating and other factors.  
 As of September 30, 2016, the principal balance of our total outstanding consolidated debt, including capital lease obligations, was  approximately $578.7  million, of which approximately $ 421.8  million, or  72.9%, was v ariable rate debt. As of September 30, 2016, the one month LIBOR rate was  0.53%.   
 42 

As of September 30, 2016, the $421.8 million of variable rate debt consist  ed of the outstanding balance of the Hudson/Delano 2014 Mortgage Loan.  I  n connection with the extension of the Hudson/Delano 2014 Mortgage Loan in February 2016, we purchased interest rate caps with an aggregate notional value of $421.8 million that cap L  IBOR at 0.29% through the next maturity date of the loan.    If interest rates on this $421.8 million variable rate debt increase by 1.0%, or 100 basis points, this increase would have no impact on interest expense, as our LIBOR cap was lower than the one mo  nth LIBOR as of September 30, 2016.    The maximum annual amount the interest expense could decrease on the $421.8 million of variable rate debt outstanding as of September 30, 2016 was $1.0 million, which would increase future pre-tax earnings and cash flow  s by the same amount annually.      
 As of September 30, 2016, our fixed rate debt, excluding our Hudson capital lease obligation, o f $150.8 millio n consisted of the trust notes underlying our trust preferred securities, the Clift lease and the Restaurant Lease Note. The fair value of some of these debts is greater than the book value. As such, if  interest rates increase by 1.0%, or 100 basis points, the fair value of our fixed rate debt at September 30, 2016 would decrease by approximately $17.2 million. If market rates of interest decrease by 1.0%, the fair value of our fixed rate debt at September 30, 2016 would increase by $21.7 million.   
 Interest risk amounts were determined by considering the impact of hypothetical interest rates on our financial instruments and future cash flows. These analyses do not consider the effect of a reduced level of overall economic activity. If overall economic activity is significantly reduced, we may take actions to further mitigate our exposure. However, because we cannot determine the specific actions that would be taken and their possible effects, these analyses assume no changes in our financial structure.  
 Currency Exchange Risk  
 We have international operations at hotels that we manage in London and through a franchise agreement for a hotel in Istanbul, Turkey.  As we have international operations, currency exchange risks between the U.S. dollar and the British Pound and the Turkish Lira arise as a normal part of our business.  We reduce these risks by transacting these businesses primarily in their local currency.  
 Generally, we do not enter into forward or option contracts to manage our exposure applicable to day-to-day net operating cash flows.  We do not foresee any significant changes in either our exposure to fluctuations in foreign exchange rates or how such exposure is managed in the future. 

ITEM 4.   
 
      CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES      

 As of the end of the period covered by this report, an evaluation was performed under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including the  chief financial  officer, who also serves as the principal executive officer, of the  effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as defined in Rule 13a-15 of the rules promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act ).  Based on this evaluation,  our chief financial officer, who also serves as the principal executive officer, concluded that the design and operation of these disclosure  controls and procedures were effective as of the end of the period covered by this report.    
 There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15 promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended) that occurred during the quarter ended  September 30, 2016  that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 43 

PART II   OTHER INFORMATION  

ITEM 1.   
 
      LEGAL PROCEEDINGS.       

 We are involved in various lawsuits and administrative actions in the normal course of business, in addition to the other litigation as noted below.  
 Litigation Regarding TLG Promissory Notes 
 On August 5, 2013, Andrew Sasson and Andy Masi filed a lawsuit in the Supreme Court of the State of New York against TLG Acquisition LLC and Morgans Group LLC relating to the $18.0 million in notes convertible into shares of our common stock at $9.50 per share subject to the achievement of certain EBITDA (earnings before interest, tax, depreciation and amortization) targets for the acquired TLG business (the  TLG Promissory Notes ), which were issued in connection with our November 2011 acquisition of 90% of the equity interests in a group of companies known as The Light Group (the  Light Group Transaction ).  See note 7 of our consolidated financial statements regarding the background of the TLG Promissory Notes.  The complaint alleged, among other things, a breach of contract and an event of default under the TLG Promissory Notes as a result of our failure to repay the TLG Promissory Notes following an alleged  Change of Control  that purportedly occurred upon the election of the Board of Directors on June 14, 2013.  The complaint sought payment of Mr. Sasson s $16 million TLG Promissory Note and Mr. Masi s $2 million TLG Promissory Note, plus interest compounded to principal, as well as default interest, and reasonable costs and expenses incurred in the lawsuit.  We believe that a Change of Control, within the meaning of the TLG Promissory Notes, did not and has not occurred and that no prepayments were or are required under the TLG Promissory Notes.  On September 26, 2013, we filed a motion to dismiss the complaint in its entirety.  On February 6, 2014, the court granted our motion to dismiss.  On March 7, 2014, Messrs. Sasson and Masi filed a Notice of Appeal from this decision with the Appellate Division, First Department.  On April 9, 2015, the Appellate Division, First Department, reversed the trial court s decision, denying the motion to dismiss and remanding to the trial court for further proceedings.  We filed a motion for reconsideration at the appellate court, which was denied on July 7, 2015.  We also filed our answer to the complaint with the trial court on May 11, 2015.   On August 27, 2015, Messrs. Sasson and Masi filed a motion for partial summary judgment with the trial court and we filed our opposition to that motion on October 12, 2015.    In February 2016, the plaintiff s partial summary judgment motion was granted and the judge signed the order in March 2016.   On July 6, 2016, a judgment was entered in the Supreme Court of the State of New York.  At that time, we posted a bond in the amount of approximately $3.0 million, thereby staying enforcement of the judgment pending our appeal. Plaintiffs also have a claim for attorneys  fees, which they have recently estimated to total approximately  $1.0 million , which we intend to dispute and oppose.  A lthough the TLG Promissory Notes were repaid and retired in December 2014, this lawsuit remains pending in connection with issues related primarily to the interest rates applicable to the TLG Promissory Notes.   
 Litigation Regarding  Pending Acquisition of Company by SBEEG Holdings, LLC      
   
 Following the announcement   of the   execution of   the definitive agreement under which we would be acquired by SBE, four putative class    act  i  o n  la ws uit s  we re   f i  l ed  b y  p u rp o r  t ed  s  t  ock  h  ol  d e r s  o f  t  h e  Compan y  c  h  alle  n  gi  n g  th e m e rger and the   merger agree m e n t.    
   
 The first comp l aint was filed in   the Supreme Cou r t of  Ne w  Y o r k,  Ne w   Y or k  C  ou n t y  an d was  cap  t  io n e d  S  i  nclai r    v .   M or g an s  Ho  t  e l G r o u p  Co. ,  e t  a  l  . ,  No .  65 2 8 5 8/  2  01 6 ( N.Y .  Su p.  C  t .  f  i  le d  o n  Ma y  2 7,  2 0 16 ) ( t he    N e w  Yo rk  Act  i  on  ).  On  J u n e  15 ,  20 1 6 ,  th e  pla  i  nt  i  f f  i n  th e  Ne w   Y o rk  Acti  o n  f  i  le d a  no  t  ic e   of  v o lu  n  tary disco  n  ti  n  uanc e  w  i  th  o  u t  p r eju  d  ice ,    t  here  b y  v o lu  n  tar  i  l y  d  i  sc o nt  i  nu  i  n g  t  h e   New  Yo rk  Act  i  on.  
   
 T h e   o t her three   c o m p lai n ts   were f i led in  t he Court of   Chancery of   the   State   of Delaw a re and   are   captioned Baumwohl v. Lor b er,  e t al., No. 12433-VCL (Del.   Ch. filed on June 8,   2 0 1 6 ), Cent o  n ze v. Bur k le,   et a l ., No. 12452-VCL (Del.   Ch. filed on June 13, 2016),   a n d  Hu a v.  SB EEG  H oldings,  L LC, et al.,  N o.   12479 -V CL   ( D el. Ch.   fil e d on  Jun e  1 7,  2 0 16 ).    On  J u n e  2 9,  2 0 16 ,  th e  Co u r t of  Cha  n  ce ry  of  the State of   Delaware   entered   an   order,   am o ng o t her t h in g  s , co n  s oli d ati n g the three actio n s   filed  i n Delaware under t h e   ca p ti o n    I n re  Mo r gan s  H o te l  G r ou p  C o.  Stoc  k  ho  l  de r  Li  t  iga  t  io n,  Co ns ol .  C. A.  N o.  1 2 43 3 - V C L   ( th e   Co  n  sol  i  date d  Ac  t  io n   )  an d  a  p  po  i  nt  i  n g  co - lead  cou n sel a n d Delaware co u  n sel in   the   Consolidated   Action. 
   
   On June 30, 2016, p l ain t iffs  i n the Consoli d ated Ac t ion filed a Verified Consol i dated Ame n ded Class Acti o n Comp l aint (the  Complaint ). The Complaint names as defendants the individual members of our Board of Directors, SBE,   Merger Sub,  R ona l d W. Burk l e, The Yuca i pa Compan i es, LLC, Yuca i pa Amer i can   All i ance Fund II, L.P., Yucai p a American Allia n ce (Paral l el) Fund II, L.P., Yucaipa American Alliance Fund II, LLC, Yucaipa Ame r ican Funds, LLC, and Yucaipa   American Mana g eme n t, LLC.  T h e Com p lai n t alleges, among other things, that   the members of the Company s Board of Directors breached t h eir fiduciary duties to the Company s stockholders by approving t h e merger a n d aut h or i zing  t he Company  t o enter in t o the merger a g  r eemen t , that Mr.  B urkle and t h e Yucai p a e n tit i es are c o ntro l ling s t ockholders of the Company and breached the i r purported fiduciary duties, and that SBE and Merger   Sub aided and abetted these alleged fiduciary breaches.  The Complaint further alleges that, among other things, Mr. Burkle and the Yucaipa   entities pressu r ed the Company  i nto e n tering i n to t h e merger agreement and approving the merger   and  
 44 

frustrated     the Company     s eff  o  r  t  s     t  o exp  l  ore o  t  her potential     strategic alternatives;     that   t  h  e merger     c  o  n  siderati  o  n is fi  n  ancia  l  l  y i  n  adequate; that     the   s  ales     process leading up     to     the merger and the     merger agreement was     flawed; and     t  h  at the dea  l  -pro  t  ecti  o  n pro  v  is  i  ons in t  h  e     merger agreement are   u  n  du  l  y   prec  l  usiv  e   and   theref  o  r  e prevent a poten  t  ial to  p  p  i  n  g bi  d  d  er     or to  p  p  i  n  g bi  d  d  ers f  r  om     ma  k  i  ng a superi  o  r proposal.  The Com  p  laint see  k  s, am  o  ng o  t  h  er th  i  ngs,     certifica  t  ion of the propo  s  ed class, prelimi  n  ary a  n  d permane  n  t in  j  unc  t  i  ve re  l  i  ef (  i  ncl  u  di  n  g enj  o  in  i  ng or     resci  n  di  n  g the     m  e  rger),   uns  p  ec  i  f  i  e  d   damages  ,   an  d   a  n   a  w  ar  d of   ot  h  er   u  n  s  pecified attorneys  and     o  t  her     fees     and costs.   
   
 The Company believes that the claims ass e rted in t h e  C omplai n t are w i th o ut merit a n d in t end to defend a g ainst t h em. However, a 
 nega t  i ve outcome    i n these lawsuits,   or any f o l l ow- o n  l awsui t ,   c o u l d ha v e   a significant impact on the Compa n y if    t  h ey result in pre l iminary or   permane n t    i  n j u nct i ve rel i ef or   damages.  The Company   is   not currently   a b le    t o predict  t  h e outc o me of the l i tiga t  i  o n or 
 any foll o w-up lawsuit w i th any certai n ty. 

ITEM 1A.   
 
        RISK FACTORS.       

 In addition to the risk factor below and other information set forth in this report, you should carefully consider the factors discussed in Part I,  Item 1A. Risk Factors  in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015 and our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2016. These risks and uncertainties have the potential to materially affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, projected results and future prospects. There have been no material changes to the risk factors discussed in Part I,  Item 1A. Risk Factors  in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015 and to the risk factors discussed in Part II,  Item 1A.  Risk Factors  in our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q for the quarters ended March 31, 2016 and June 30, 2016. 

ITEM 6.   
 
      EXHIBITS.      

 The exhibits listed in the accompanying Exhibit Index are filed as part of this report.  

45 

SIGNATURES  
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.  

M ORGANS  H OTEL  G ROUP  C O .  

/s/ R ICHARD  S ZYMANSKI   

Richard Szymanski  

Chief Financial Officer (principal executive officer and principal financial officer)  

November 9, 2016  

Exhibit Index     

Exhibit 
 Number  

Description  

31.1*  

Certification by the Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002  

31.2*  

Certification by the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002  

32.1*  

Certification by the  Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002  

32.2*  

Certification by the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002  

101.INS  

XBRL Instance Document  

101.SCH  

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document  

101.DEF  

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document  

101.CAL  

XBRL Taxonomy Calculation Linkbase Document  

101.LAB  

XBRL Taxonomy Label Linkbase Document  

101.PRE  

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document  

*    Filed herewith.  

<EX-31.1>
 2
 mhgc-ex311_6.htm
 EX-31.1

mhgc-ex311_6.htm

Exhibit 31.1  
 CERTIFICATION BY THE PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO  
 17 CFR 240.13a-14(a)/15(d)-14(a),  
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO  
 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  
 I, Richard Szymanski, certify that:  
 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Morgans Hotel Group Co. for the period ended September 30, 2016;  
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;  
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;  
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:  
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;  
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;  
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and  
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and  
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):  
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and  
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.  

/s/ R ICHARD  S ZYMANSKI   

Richard Szymanski      

Principal Executive Officer  

Date: November 9, 2016  

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 mhgc-ex312_9.htm
 EX-31.2

mhgc-ex312_9.htm

Exhibit 31.2  
 CERTIFICATION BY THE CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO  
 17 CFR 240.13a-14(a)/15(d)-14(a),  
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO  
 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  
 I, Richard Szymanski, certify that:  
 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Morgans Hotel Group Co. for the period ended September 30, 2016;  
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;  
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;  
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:  
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;  
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;  
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and  
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and  
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):  
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and  
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.  

/s/ R ICHARD  S ZYMANSKI   

Richard Szymanski  

Chief Financial Officer  

Date: November 9, 2016  

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 mhgc-ex321_7.htm
 EX-32.1

mhgc-ex321_7.htm

Exhibit 32.1  
 CERTIFICATION BY THE PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO  
 RULE 13a-14(b) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934  
 AND 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,  
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO  
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  
 In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Morgans Hotel Group Co. (the  Company ) for the period ended September 30, 2016, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), Richard Szymanski, as principal executive officer of the Company hereby certifies, pursuant to Rule 13a-14(b) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of his knowledge:  
 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and  
 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.  

/s/ R ICHARD  S ZYMANSKI      

Richard Szymanski  

Principal Executive Officer  

Date: November 9, 2016  
 A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906, or other document authenticating, acknowledging, or otherwise adopting the signature that appears in typed form within the electronic version of this written statement required by Section 906, has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request.  

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 mhgc-ex322_10.htm
 EX-32.2

mhgc-ex322_10.htm

Exhibit 32.2  
 CERTIFICATION BY THE CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO  
 RULE 13a-14(b) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934  
 AND 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,  
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO  
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  
 In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Morgans Hotel Group Co. (the  Company ) for the period ended September 30, 2016 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), Richard Szymanski, as Chief Financial Officer of the Company hereby certifies, pursuant to Rule 13a-14(b) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of his knowledge:  
 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and  
 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.  

/s/ R ICHARD  S ZYMANSKI   

Richard Szymanski  

Chief Financial Officer  

Date: November 9, 2016  
 A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906, or other document authenticating, acknowledging, or otherwise adopting the signature that appears in typed form within the electronic version of this written statement required by Section 906, has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request.  

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 mhgc-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 mhgc-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 mhgc-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 mhgc-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 mhgc-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 mhgc-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

