<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161110_10-Q_edgar_data_1533040_0001193125-16-765096_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>1940818</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>64367</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>139309</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>277132</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>830240</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>560065</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>16</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>8</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001193125-16-765096.hdr.sgml : 20161110
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161110070146
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-16-765096
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		46
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161110
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161110

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			RXi Pharmaceuticals Corp
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001533040
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PHARMACEUTICAL PREPARATIONS [2834]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-36304
		FILM NUMBER:		161985947

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		257 SIMARANO DRIVE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 101
		CITY:			MARLBOROUGH
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			01752
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(508) 767-3861

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		257 SIMARANO DRIVE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 101
		CITY:			MARLBOROUGH
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			01752

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001193125-16-765096.txt : 20161110

10-Q
 1
 d268860d10q.htm
 FORM 10-Q

Form 10-Q 

Table of Contents  

UNITED STATES   
  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION   
  WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549        
       FORM 10-Q
            
  (Mark One)   
 
  For the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016   
  OR       
 
  For the transition period from
                       to
                         
  Commission File Number: 000-54910        
       RXi
Pharmaceuticals Corporation      (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)   

257 Simarano Drive, Suite 101, Marlborough, MA 01752   
  (Address of principal executive office) (Zip code)   
  Registrant s telephone number: (508) 767-3861   
         
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past
90 days.    Yes       No       Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding
12 months (or for such shorter time that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).    Yes       No     
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer or a smaller reporting company. See
the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one):  

Large accelerated filer 

Accelerated filer 

Non-accelerated filer 
   
    (Do not check if a smaller reporting company) 
    
 Smaller reporting company 

Indicate by checkmark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange
Act).    Yes       No       As of November 4, 2016, RXi Pharmaceuticals Corporation
had 6,599,846 shares of common stock, $0.0001 par value, outstanding.          

Table of Contents  

   RXi PHARMACEUTICALS CORPORATION   
  FORM 10-Q   QUARTER ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2016   
     INDEX        

Table of Contents  

     PART I   FINANCIAL INFORMATION   

ITEM 1.  
  FINANCIAL STATEMENTS          RXi PHARMACEUTICALS CORPORATION
     CONDENSED BALANCE SHEETS   
  (Amounts in thousands, except share and per share data)   
  (Unaudited)       
   The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements.  
      3  

Table of Contents  

     RXi PHARMACEUTICALS CORPORATION   
  CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS   
  (Amounts in thousands, except share and per share data)   
  (Unaudited)       
   The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements.  
      4  

Table of Contents  

     RXi PHARMACEUTICALS CORPORATION   
  CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS   
  (Amounts in thousands)   
  (Unaudited)       

Nine Months Ended   September 30,  

2016  

2015  

Cash flows from operating activities:  

Net loss  
    
 $ 
 (6,655 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (7,607 
 )   
 
   Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities:  

Depreciation and amortization  

41 

60 

Non-cash stock-based compensation  

649 

1,243 

Value of non-marketable equity securities recognized as revenue  

(9 
 )  

Fair value of common stock issued in exchange for patent and technology rights  

228 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities:  

Prepaid expenses and other assets  

(10 
 )  

10 

Accounts payable  

(706 
 )  

(63 
 )   
 
   Accrued expenses  

302 

441 

Deferred revenue  

(47 
 )   

Net cash used in operating activities   

(6,388 
 )  

(5,735 
 )   
 
   Cash flows from investing activities:  

Purchase of short-term investments  

(2,000 
 )  

(8,000 
 )   
 
   Maturities of short-term investments  

5,500 

Cash paid for purchase of property and equipment  

(2 
 )  

(39 
 )   

Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities   

3,498 

(8,039 
 )   
 
   Cash flows from financing activities:  

Net proceeds from the issuance of common stock  

152 

9,266 

Proceeds from the issuance of common stock upon the exercise of warrants  

16 

Proceeds from the issuance of common stock in connection with the employee stock purchase
plan  

31 

Net cash provided by financing activities   

152 

9,313 

Net decrease in cash and cash equivalents  

(2,738 
 )  

(4,461 
 )   
 
   Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of period  

5,117 

8,496 

Cash and cash equivalents at the end of period  
    
 $ 
 2,379 

$ 
 4,035 

Supplemental disclosure of non-cash investing and financing activities:   

Series A and Series A-1 convertible preferred stock dividends  
    
 $ 

$ 
 126 

Fair value of Series A and Series A-1 convertible preferred stock dividends  
    
 $ 

$ 
 209 

Exchange of Series A convertible preferred stock into Series A-1 convertible preferred
stock  
    
 $ 

$ 
 2,000 

Conversion of Series A and Series A-1 convertible preferred stock into common stock  
    
 $ 

$ 
 6,814 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements.  
      5  

Table of Contents  

     RXi PHARMACEUTICALS CORPORATION   
  NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   
  (Unaudited)      1. Nature of Operations
     Description of Business   
 RXi Pharmaceuticals Corporation (  RXi ,    we ,    our   or the   Company  ) is a
clinical-stage RNAi company developing innovative therapeutics that address significant unmet medical needs. The Company s development programs are based on our proprietary self-delivering RNAi (sd-rxRNA   ) platform and Samcyprone , a topical immunomodulator. Our clinical development programs include RXI-109, an sd-rxRNA for the treatment of dermal and ocular scarring, and Samcyprone ,
for the treatment of such disorders as warts, alopecia areata, non-malignant skin tumors and cutaneous metastases of melanoma. In addition to these clinical programs, we have a pipeline of discovery and preclinical product candidates in our core
therapeutic areas, as well as in other areas of interest. The Company s pipeline, coupled with our extensive patent portfolio, provides for product and business development opportunities across a broad spectrum of therapeutic areas.  
 On April 14, 2016, the Board of Directors of the Company approved a 1-for-10 reverse stock split of the Company s outstanding common
stock, which was effected on April 18, 2016. All share and per share amounts in the financial statements have been retroactively adjusted for all periods presented to give effect to the reverse stock split, including reclassifying an amount equal to
the reduction in par value to additional paid-in capital.     2. Liquidity and Going Concern   
 The Company has limited cash resources, has reported recurring losses from operations since inception and has not yet received revenues from
sales of products. These factors raise substantial doubt regarding the Company s ability to continue as a going concern, and the Company s current cash resources may not provide sufficient capital to fund operations for at least the next
twelve months. Historically, the Company s primary source of financing has been through the sale of its securities. The continuation of the Company as a going concern depends upon the Company s ability to raise additional capital through
an equity offering, debt offering or strategic opportunity to fund its operations. There can be no assurance that the Company will be successful in accomplishing these plans in order to continue as a going concern. These financial statements do not
include any adjustments to the recoverability and classification of recorded asset amounts and classification of liabilities that might be necessary should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern.  
  3. Significant Accounting Policies      Basis of
Presentation     The accompanying condensed financial statements are unaudited and have been prepared in accordance with accounting
principles generally accepted in the United States of America (  GAAP  ). Certain information and footnote disclosures included in the Company s annual financial statements have been condensed or omitted. The year-end condensed
balance sheet data was derived from audited financial statements, but does not include all disclosures required by GAAP. In the opinion of management, all adjustments (including normal recurring accruals) considered necessary for a fair presentation
of the condensed financial statements have been included. Interim results are not necessarily indicative of results for a full year.     Uses of Estimates
in Preparation of Financial Statements     The preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP requires management to make
estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting
period. Actual results could differ from these estimates.     Cash Equivalents   
 The Company considers all highly liquid instruments with an original maturity of three months or less to be cash equivalents. Cash equivalents
consist primarily of amounts invested in certificates of deposit.     Restricted Cash   
 Restricted cash consists of certificates of deposit held by financial institutions as collateral for the Company s corporate credit cards.
 
      6  

Table of Contents  

   Short-term Investments   
 Short-term investments consist of certificates of deposit with original maturities ranging from over three months to one year.  
  Investments in Non-marketable Equity Securities   
 The Company s investments in non-marketable equity securities are accounted for under the cost method because the Company does not have
the ability to exercise significant influence over the investee and the securities do not have readily determinable fair values. Our investments are carried at cost less any impairment write-downs. Annually, the Company s cost method
investments are assessed for impairment. The Company does not reassess the fair value of cost method investments if there are no identified events or changes in circumstances that may have a significant adverse effect on the fair value of the
investments.     Derivative Financial Instruments   
 The Company follows the provisions of the Financial Accounting Standards Board (  FASB  ) Accounting Standards Codification
(  ASC  ) Topic 815,   Derivatives and Hedging   (  ASC 815  ). Financial instruments that meet the definition of a derivative are classified as an asset or liability and measured at fair value on the
issuance date and are revalued on each subsequent balance sheet date. The changes in fair value are recognized as current period income or loss.  
  Revenue Recognition     Revenue is
recognized when there is persuasive evidence of an arrangement, the fee is fixed or determinable, delivery has occurred or services have been rendered and collection of the related receivable is reasonably assured. The Company may generate revenue
from product sales, license agreements, collaborative research and development arrangements and government grants. Payments received prior to the recognition of revenue are recorded as deferred revenue.  
 The Company has entered into license agreements for its proprietary sd-rxRNA technology during the ordinary course of business with start-up
biotechnology and pharmaceutical companies. Under these agreements, the Company has granted exclusive licenses to the Company s technology in exchange for potential future equity, cash and royalty payments. For each agreement, the Company
determines whether the agreement includes multiple deliverables, and if so, whether they should be considered separate or a single unit of accounting and whether the delivered items have standalone value. The consideration received is allocated
among the separate units of accounting, and the applicable revenue recognition guidance is applied to each of the separate units.    Upfront
fees are recognized on a straight-line basis over the contracted or estimated period of performance if they do not have standalone value. If upfront fees are determined to have standalone value from other identified deliverables, the Company
recognizes revenue upon delivery.    Substantive milestone payments are recognized upon achievement of the milestone. In evaluating whether
a milestone has substance, the consideration earned from the achievement of a milestone is considered if the milestone is commensurate with the entity s performance to achieve the milestone or the enhancement of value of the delivered item, if
it relates solely to past performance and if it is reasonable relative to all the deliverables and payment terms within the arrangement. When a substantive milestone is achieved, revenue related to the milestone will be recognized in full. If a
milestone is not considered substantive, revenue is recognized over the period of performance.    If the Company is entitled to
reimbursement or payments for specific research and development services, the Company determines whether the funding would result in collaborative revenues or an offset to research and development expenses in accordance with the provisions of gross
or net revenue presentation.     Research and Development Expenses   
 Research and development costs are charged to expense as incurred and relate to salaries, employee benefits, facility-related expenses,
supplies, stock-based compensation related to employees and non-employees involved in the Company s research and development, external services, other operating costs and overhead related to our research and development departments, costs to
acquire technology licenses and expenses associated with preclinical activities and our clinical trials. Payments made by the Company in advance for research and development services not yet provided and/or for materials not yet received are
recorded as prepaid expenses. Accrued liabilities are recorded related to those expenses for which vendors have not yet billed us with respect to services provided and/or materials that we have received.  
      7  

Table of Contents  

  Preclinical and clinical trial expenses relate to third-party services, subject-related fees at
the sites where our clinical trials are being conducted, laboratory costs, analysis costs, toxicology studies and investigator fees. Costs associated with these expenses are generally payable on the passage of time or when certain milestones are
achieved. Expense is recorded during the period incurred or in the period in which a milestone is achieved. In order to ensure that we have adequately provided for preclinical and clinical expenses during the proper period, we maintain an accrual to
cover these expenses. These accruals are assessed on a quarterly basis and are based on such assumptions as expected total cost, the number of subjects and clinical trial sites and length of the study. Actual results may differ from these estimates
and could have a material impact on our reported results. Our historical accrual estimates have not been materially different from our actual costs.  
  Stock-based Compensation     The Company
follows the provisions of the FASB ASC Topic 718,   Compensation       Stock Compensation   (  ASC 718  ), which requires the measurement and recognition of compensation expense for all stock-based
payment awards made to employees, officers and non-employee directors, including stock options. Stock compensation expense based on the grant date fair value estimated in accordance with the provisions of ASC 718 is recognized as an expense over the
requisite service period.    For stock options granted as consideration for services rendered by non-employees, the Company recognizes
compensation expense in accordance with the requirements of FASB ASC Topic 505-50,   Equity Based Payments to Non-Employees .  Non-employee option grants that do not vest immediately upon grant are recorded as an expense over the
requisite service period of the underlying stock options. At the end of each financial reporting period prior to vesting, the value of these options, as calculated using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model, will be re-measured using the fair
value of the Company s common stock and the non-cash compensation recognized during the period will be adjusted accordingly. Since the fair market value of options granted to non-employees is subject to change in the future, the amount of the
future compensation expense will include fair value re-measurements until the stock options are fully vested.     Comprehensive Loss   
 The Company s comprehensive loss is equal to its net loss for all periods presented.  
  Net Loss per Share Attributable to Common Stockholders   
 The Company accounts for and discloses net loss per share attributable to common stockholders in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 260,
  Earnings per Share.   Basic and diluted net loss per common share is computed by dividing net loss attributable to common stockholders by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding. When the effects are not dilutive,
diluted earnings per share is computed by dividing the Company s net earnings by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding and the impact of all dilutive potential common shares.  
  4. Recent Accounting Pronouncements     In
February 2016, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update (  ASU  ) 2016-02,   Leases (Topic 842),   which requires companies that are lessees to recognize a right-of-use asset and lease liability for most leases that
do not meet the definition of a short-term lease. For income statement purposes, leases will continue to be classified as either operating or financing. Classification will be based on criteria that are largely similar to those applied in
current lease accounting. This standard will result in extensive qualitative and quantitative disclosure changes. This standard will be effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2018, including interim periods within
that reporting period. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of this ASU on its financial position and results of operations.    In
March 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-09,   Compensation   Stock Compensation (Topic 718),   which simplifies several aspects of accounting for share-based payment transactions, including the income tax consequences,
classifications of awards as either equity or liabilities and classification on the statement of cash flows. This standard will be effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2016 and interim periods within that reporting
period. Early adoption is permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of this ASU on its financial statements and related disclosures.  
 In April 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-10,   Revenue from Contracts with Customers  ( Topic 606 ),  which clarifies two
aspects of the guidance on accounting for revenue contracts with customers: identifying performance obligations and the licensing implementation guidance. The amendments in this ASU do not change the core principles for those areas. This standard
will be effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2017, including interim periods within that reporting period. Early adoption is not permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the potential impact the update may have
on its financial position and results of operations.    In August 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-12,   Statement of Cash Flows (Topic
230) ,  which clarifies how certain cash receipts and payments are presented and classified in the statement of cash flows. This standard will be effective for annual reporting  
      8  

Table of Contents  

periods beginning after December 15, 2017, including interim periods within that reporting period. Early adoption is permitted. The amendments in ASU 2016-12 should be applied using a
retrospective transition method to each period presented. The Company is currently evaluating the potential impact the update may have on its statement of cash flows.  
  5. Other Assets     In May 2016, the Company
entered into an exclusive license agreement with Thera Neuropharma, Inc. (  Thera  ), a privately held company, pursuant to which the Company granted certain rights to its sd-rxRNA platform for neurodegenerative diseases in exchange
for an upfront equity ownership interest and the potential to receive future cash, additional equity and royalties based on the achievement of certain milestones. The Company was issued shares of common stock in Thera upon execution of the license
agreement. Due to the Company s inability to exercise significant influence over Thera and the Company owning less than 20% of the voting equity of Thera s stock, the Company accounted for this investment using the cost method. As of
September 30, 2016, the carrying value of the investment in Thera of $4,500 was included in other assets on the balance sheet and no impairment has been recognized for this investment through September 30, 2016.  
 The Company was also granted a five year warrant to purchase additional shares of common stock of Thera at a price of $0.001 per share of
common stock (the   Thera Warrant  ) pursuant to the terms of the license agreement. The Company first assessed the Thera Warrant under ASC 815 .  Under the related guidance, a financial instrument shall be considered a
derivative when it includes an underlying and notional amount or payment provision, an initial net investment and a net settlement. The Company determined that the Thera Warrant met all of the characteristics of a derivative. Per ASC 815, the Thera
Warrant is recognized at fair value on the balance sheet and gains and losses from changes in the fair value of the Thera Warrant are recognized in the statement of operations. The fair value of the Thera Warrant at the date of issuance totaled
$4,500 and was included in other assets on the balance sheet. There have been no changes to the fair value since the date of issuance.     6. Fair Value
Measurements     The Company follows the provisions of FASB ASC Topic 820,   Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures,   for
the Company s financial assets and liabilities that are re-measured and reported at fair value at each reporting period and are re-measured and reported at fair value at least annually using a fair value hierarchy that is broken down into three
levels. Level inputs are defined as follows:    Level 1   quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities.  
 Level 2   other significant observable inputs for the assets or liabilities through corroboration with market data at the measurement
date.    Level 3   significant unobservable inputs that reflect management s best estimate of what market participants would use to
price the assets or liabilities at the measurement date.    The Company categorized its restricted cash, cash equivalents and short-term
investments as Level 2 hierarchy. The assets classified as Level 2 have initially been valued at the applicable transaction price and subsequently valued, at the end of each reporting period, using other market observable data. Observable market
data points include quoted prices, interest rates, reportable trades and other industry and economic events. The Company s Thera Warrant is categorized as Level 3 hierarchy. The estimated fair value inputs utilizing the asset-based approach
include the stage of enterprise development, terms of existing contractual arrangements of the entity s equity securities, the achievement of milestones and other unobservable inputs. Financial assets measured at fair value on a recurring basis
are summarized as follows, in thousands:      
 
      9  

Table of Contents  

  The following table presents additional information about assets measured at fair value on a
recurring basis and for which the Company utilizes Level 3 inputs to determine fair value, in thousands:      

Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016  

Balance, beginning of period  
    
 $ 

Fair value of Thera Warrant  

5 

Balance, end of period  
    
 $ 
 5 

Fair Value of Financial Instruments   
 The carrying amounts reported in the balance sheet for restricted cash, cash equivalents, short-term investments, accounts payable and accrued
expenses approximate their fair values due to their short-term nature.     7. Stockholders  Equity   
 The Company currently has authorized for issuance 100,000,000 shares of common stock, par value $0.0001 per share, and 10,000,000 shares of
preferred stock, par value $0.0001 per share.      Common Stock    
 On April 14, 2016, the Board of Directors of the Company approved a 1-for-10 reverse stock split of the Company s outstanding common
stock, which was effected on April 18, 2016. The number of authorized shares of the Company remain unchanged. Stockholders who would have otherwise been entitled to fractional shares as a result of the reverse stock split received a cash payment in
lieu of receiving fractional shares. Shares of common stock underlying outstanding stock options and other equity instruments were proportionately reduced and the respective exercise prices, if applicable, were proportionately increased in
accordance with the terms of the agreements governing such securities. All share and per share amounts in the financial statements have been retroactively adjusted for all periods presented to give effect to the reverse stock split, including
reclassifying an amount equal to the reduction in par value to additional paid-in capital. Following the implementation of the reverse stock split, the Company regained compliance with the minimum bid price requirement set forth in Nasdaq Listing
Rule 5550(a)(2) for continued listing on The Nasdaq Capital Market.    During the three months ended September 30, 2016, the Company sold
65,000 shares of common stock to Lincoln Park Capital Fund, LLC (  LPC  ) pursuant to a purchase agreement dated December 18, 2014 between the Company and LPC. The net proceeds to the Company totaled approximately $152,000.  
   Common Stock Warrants    
 The following table summarizes the Company s warrants outstanding at September 30, 2016:  
   
   On July 2, 2016, 1,256,502 of the Company s outstanding warrants with an exercise price of $4.55 expired.
 
      10  

Table of Contents  

   8. Stock-based Compensation   
 The Company uses the Black-Scholes option-pricing model to determine the fair value of all its option grants. For valuing options granted
during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, the following assumptions were used:      
   The weighted average fair value of options granted during the three month periods ended September 30, 2016 and
2015 was $2.27 and $4.40, respectively. The weighted average fair value of options granted during the nine month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 was $2.15 and $4.10, respectively.  
 The risk-free interest rate used for each grant was based upon the yield on zero-coupon U.S. Treasury securities with a term similar to the
expected life of the related option. The Company s expected stock price volatility assumption is based upon the volatility of a composition of comparable companies. The expected life assumption for employee grants was based upon the simplified
method provided for under ASC 718, and the expected life assumption for non-employees was based upon the contractual term of the option. The dividend yield assumption of zero is based upon the fact that the Company has never paid cash dividends and
presently has no intention of paying cash dividends.    The following table summarizes the activity of Company s stock option plan:
     
   Stock-based compensation expense for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 was $128,000 and
$385,000, respectively. Of this amount, the Company recognized non-employee stock-based compensation expense of $1,000 and $3,100 for the same respective periods.  
 Stock-based compensation expense for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 was $649,000 and $1,243,000, respectively. Of this
amount, the Company recognized non-employee stock-based compensation expense of $3,200 and a credit to non-employee stock-based compensation expense of $18,700 for the same respective periods.  
  9. Net Loss per Share Attributable to Common Stockholders   
 The following table sets forth the potential common shares excluded from the calculation of net loss per common share attributable to common
stockholders because their inclusion would be anti-dilutive:      
    10. Subsequent Events   
 On October 7, 2016, the Company entered into an exclusive option agreement to acquire all outstanding capital stock of MirImmune, Inc.
(  MirImmune  ) in consideration for a number of shares equal to 19.99% of the then-outstanding shares of common stock of the Company, plus additional potential consideration contingent on MirImmune reaching certain milestones. RXi
can exercise the option to acquire MirImmune on the terms set forth in the option agreement at any time prior to April 5, 2017, but has no obligation to do so. For accounting purposes, if the option is exercised, the transaction will be
accounted for as an asset acquisition per the guidance in FASB ASC Topic 805,   Business Combinations .   
      11  

Table of Contents  

ITEM 2.  
  MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS        In this
document,  we,   our,   ours,   us,   RXi  and the  Company  refer to RXi Pharmaceuticals Corporation.   
  This management s discussion and analysis of financial condition as of September 30, 2016 and results of operations for the three and nine months
ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 should be read in conjunction with the financial statements included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015 which was filed with the SEC on March 30, 2016.   
  This report contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements can
be identified by words such as  intends,   believes,   anticipates,   indicates,   plans,   expects,   suggests,   may,   should,   potential, 
 designed to,   will  and similar references. Such statements include, but are not limited to, statements about: our ability to successfully develop RXI-109, Samcyprone  and our other product candidates (collectively
 our product candidates  the future success of our clinical trials with our product candidates; the timing for the commencement and completion of clinical trials; the future success of our strategic partnerships; and our ability to
implement cost-saving measures. Forward-looking statements are neither historical facts nor assurances of future performance. These statements are based only on our current beliefs, expectations and assumptions regarding the future of our business,
future plans and strategies, projections, anticipated events and trends, the economy and other future conditions. Because forward-looking statements relate to the future, they are subject to inherent uncertainties, risks and changes in circumstances
that are difficult to predict and many of which are outside of our control. Our actual results and financial condition may differ materially from those indicated in the forward-looking statements. Therefore, you should not rely on any of these
forward-looking statements. Important factors that could cause our actual results and financial condition to differ materially from those indicated in the forward-looking statements include, among others: the risk that our clinical trials with our
product candidates may not be successful in evaluating the safety and tolerability of these candidates or providing evidence of increased surgical scar reduction compared to placebo; the successful and timely completion of clinical trials;
uncertainties regarding the regulatory process; risks that the potential acquisition of MirImmune, Inc. may not proceed; risks related to our ability to control the timing of the purchase of MirImmune, Inc.; the availability of funds and resources
to pursue our research and development projects, including our clinical trials with our product candidates; general economic conditions; and those identified in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015 under the
heading  Risk Factors  and in other filings the Company periodically makes with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Forward-looking statements contained in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q speak as of the date hereof and the Company
does not undertake to update any of these forward-looking statements to reflect a change in its views or events or circumstances that occur after the date of this report.   
  Overview     RXi Pharmaceuticals Corporation
(  RXi ,    we ,    our   or the   Company  ) is a clinical-stage RNAi company developing innovative therapeutics that address significant unmet medical needs. The Company s
development programs are based on our proprietary self-delivering RNAi (sd-rxRNA   ) platform and Samcyprone , a topical immunomodulator. Our clinical development programs include RXI-109,
an sd-rxRNA for the treatment of dermal and ocular scarring, and Samcyprone , for the treatment of such disorders as warts, alopecia areata, non-malignant skin tumors and cutaneous metastases of melanoma. In addition to these clinical programs,
we have a pipeline of discovery and preclinical product candidates in our core therapeutic areas, as well as in other areas of interest. The Company s pipeline, coupled with our extensive patent portfolio, provides for product and business
development opportunities across a broad spectrum of therapeutic areas.    RNAi therapies are designed to  silence,  or
down-regulate, the expression of a specific gene that may be over-expressed in a disease condition. The Company s first RNAi clinical product candidate, RXI-109, is a self-delivering RNAi compound (sd-rxRNA) that commenced human clinical trials
in 2012. RXI-109 is designed to reduce the expression of connective tissue growth factor (  CTGF  ), a critical regulator of several biological pathways involved in fibrosis, including scar formation in the skin and eye.  RXI-109  is currently being evaluated in a Phase 2 clinical trial, Study 1402, to prevent or reduce dermal scarring following scar revision surgery of an existing hypertrophic scar and a Phase 1/2 clinical trial,
Study 1501, to evaluate the safety and clinical activity of RXI-109 to prevent the progression of retinal scarring in subjects with wet age-related macular degeneration (  AMD  ).  
 Study 1402 commenced in July 2014. In October 2015, we reported that preliminary data from Study 1402 demonstrated that scars at revision
sites were less visible at three months after a treatment regimen with intradermal administration of RXI-109 than scars at untreated revision sites in those same subjects. Based in part on this new information, two more cohorts were added to Study
1402 in November 2015. For these two cohorts, the number of doses was increased to either eight or nine doses of RXI-109 over a six-month period to better cover the extended wound healing/scarring profile of hypertrophic scars. Enrollment of
subjects into these two new cohorts was completed ahead of schedule during the third quarter of 2016.    Study 1501 commenced in November
2015, and is a multi-dose, dose escalation study conducted in subjects with AMD with evidence of subretinal fibrosis. Each subject will receive four doses of RXI-109 by intraocular injection at one month intervals for a total dosing period of three
months. The safety and tolerability of RXI-109, as well as the potential for clinical activity, will be evaluated over the course of the study using numerous assessments to monitor the health in the retina and to assess visual acuity. The Company is
currently enrolling subjects in Study 1501.    In December 2014, the Company broadened its clinical pipeline with an exclusive, global
license to Samcyprone , our second clinical candidate. Samcyprone  is a proprietary topical formulation of the small molecule diphenylcyclopropenone (  DPCP  ), an immunomodulator
 
      12  

Table of Contents  

that works by initiating a T-cell response. The use of Samcyprone  allows sensitization using much lower concentrations of DPCP than are used with existing compounded DPCP solutions,
avoiding hyper-sensitization to subsequent challenge doses. DPCP, the active ingredient in Samcyprone , has long been used to treat warts and has also been used for several other indications, such as to stimulate hair re-growth in alopecia
areata and to clear cutaneous metastases of melanoma. Although it has been used by physicians for several decades, it has never been reviewed or approved by a regulatory authority as a drug. If U.S. Food and Drug Administration approval is granted,
Samcyprone , RXi s proprietary formulation of DPCP, is expected to achieve market exclusivity. Samcyprone  is currently being evaluated in a Phase 2a clinical trial, Study 1502, for the clearance of common warts.  
 Study 1502 was initiated in December 2015. Study 1502 includes a sensitization phase in which a spot on the subject s upper arm and one
wart are treated with Samcyprone . After being sensitized in this way, the subjects will enter into the treatment phase where up to four warts are treated on a once weekly basis for ten weeks with a ten-fold lower concentration of
Samcyprone  than in the sensitization phase. During the trial, the warts are scored, photographed and measured to monitor the level of clearance. The Company is currently enrolling subjects and is adding a second cohort to explore the
opportunity to reduce the sensitization dose level and potentially reduce the treatment length. With this second cohort, enrollment is expected to be completed in the first quarter of 2017.  
 The Company continues to advance additional preclinical and discovery programs using our sd-rxRNA technology. Within our ophthalmology
program, we are also directing our development efforts toward advancing RXI-109 for the treatment of corneal scarring. To date, we have shown that CTGF protein levels are reduced in a dose-dependent manner in both the retina and cornea following an
intravitreal injection of RXI-109 in monkeys. Elevated CTGF is implicated in the formation of corneal scarring that can occur after eye injury or after certain infections. Scarring of the cornea can impact the transparency of the cornea, and thus
negatively impact vision. We are currently working towards a non-invasive delivery formulation of RXI-109 to reduce CTGF in the front of the eye.  
 Within our dermatology franchise, the Company has selected tyrosinase (  TYR  ) and collagenase (  MMP1  ) as
targets for our self-delivering RNAi platform because they are relevant for both consumer health and therapeutic development. TYR is a key enzyme involved in the synthesis of melanin. RXI-231, an sd-rxRNA compound targeting TYR, is in development as
a cosmetic ingredient that may improve the appearance of uneven skin tone and pigmentation. MMP1 is a key enzyme involved in the breakdown of the extracellular matrix. RXI-185, an sd-rxRNA compound targeting MMP1, is in development as a cosmetic
ingredient that may improve the appearance of wrinkles or skin laxity. The Company is currently developing topical delivery application methods, including formulations and microneedling, for use with these compounds and completed functional and
safety testing to support the initiation of human testing of one of these consumer health targets.    Further, the Company has identified
additional sd-rxRNA compounds like RXI-231 and RXI-185 that are available to move forward on a separate therapeutic development path. For example, selected reduction of MMP1 may be beneficial in the treatment of arthritis, corneal erosions,
endometriosis and possible cancer metastasis and the inhibition of tyrosinase can play a key role in the management of diseases such as cutaneous hyperpigmentation disorders and possibly melanoma.  
 On April 14, 2016, the Board of Directors of the Company approved a 1-for-10 reverse stock split of the Company s outstanding common
stock, which was effected on April 18, 2016. The number of authorized shares of the Company remain unchanged. Stockholders who would have otherwise been entitled to fractional shares as a result of the reverse stock split received a cash payment in
lieu of receiving fractional shares. Shares of common stock underlying outstanding stock options and other equity instruments were proportionately reduced and the respective exercise prices, if applicable, were proportionately increased in
accordance with the terms of the agreements governing such securities. All share and per share amounts in the financial statements have been retroactively adjusted for all periods presented to give effect to the reverse stock split, including
reclassifying an amount equal to the reduction in par value to additional paid-in capital.    Since inception, we have incurred significant
losses. Substantially all of our losses to date have resulted from research and development expenses in connection with our clinical and research programs and from general administrative costs. At September 30, 2016, we had an accumulated deficit of
$63.8 million. We expect to continue to incur significant losses for the foreseeable future, particularly as we advance our development programs for RXI-109 and Samcyprone .  
  Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates   
 There have been no significant changes to our critical accounting policies since the beginning of this fiscal year. Our critical accounting
policies are described in the  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  section of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015, which we filed with the SEC on
March 30, 2016.  
      13  

Table of Contents  

   Results of Operations   
 The following data summarizes the results of our operations for the periods indicated, in thousands:  
   
    Comparison of the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015   
   Net Revenues      To date, we have
primarily generated revenues through government grants. The following table summarizes our total net revenues, for the periods indicated, in thousands:      
   There were no net revenues for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015.
   Net revenues were approximately $19,000 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, as compared with $34,000 for the nine months ended
September 30, 2015. The decrease of $15,000, or 44%, was due to the completion of a government grant from the National Cancer Institute, a division of the National Institutes of Health, in 2015. Net revenues for the nine months ended
September 30, 2016 were due to the Company s exclusive license agreements with MirImmune, Inc. and Thera Neuropharma, Inc.      Operating
Expenses      The following table summarizes our total operating expenses, for the periods indicated, in thousands:  
   
    Research and Development Expenses   
 Research and development expenses consist of compensation-related costs for our employees dedicated to research and development activities,
fees related to our Scientific Advisory Board members, expenses related to our ongoing research and development efforts primarily related to our clinical trials, drug manufacturing, outside contract services, licensing and patent fees and laboratory
supplies and services for our research programs. We expect research and development expenses to increase as we expand our discovery, preclinical and clinical activities.  
 Research and development expenses were $1,464,000 for the three months ended September 30, 2016, compared with $1,734,000 for the three months
ended September 30, 2015. The decrease of $270,000, or 16%, was primarily due to a decrease of $148,000 in research and development expenses, primarily due to manufacturing expenses for the RXI-109 drug product completed in the second half of 2015,
offset by manufacturing and clinical trial-related costs for Samcyprone , and a decrease of $122,000 in stock-based compensation expense due to the full vesting of stock options granted in 2012.  
 Research and development expenses were $4,108,000 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared with $5,202,000 for the nine months
ended September 30, 2015. The decrease of $1,094,000, or 21%, was primarily due to a decrease of $754,000 in research and development expenses related to the cash and equity fees payable to Hapten Pharmaceuticals, LLC upon the close of the
Samcyprone  license agreement, toxicology studies performed in connection with the Company s investigational drug application for retinal scarring, both of which occurred in the first quarter of 2015, and manufacturing expenses for the
RXI-109 drug product completed in the second half of 2015, offset by manufacturing and clinical trial-related costs for Samcyprone . An additional decrease of $340,000 in stock-based compensation expense was due to the full vesting of stock
options granted in 2012.  
      14  

Table of Contents  

   General and Administrative Expenses   
 General and administrative expenses consist primarily of compensation-related costs for our employees dedicated to general and administrative
activities, legal fees, audit and tax fees, consultants, professional services and general corporate expenses.    General and administrative
expenses were $752,000 for the three months ended September 30, 2016, compared with $770,000 for the three months ended September 30, 2015. The decrease of $18,000, or 2%, was due to a decrease of $135,000 in stock-based compensation expense due to
the full vesting of stock options granted in 2012, offset by an increase of $117,000 in general and administrative expenses primarily related to the use of outside professional services due to the Company s increase in business development
activities in line with its key corporate initiatives.    General and administrative expenses were $2,587,000 for the nine months ended
September 30, 2016, compared with $2,447,000 for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The increase of $140,000, or 6%, was primarily due to an increase of $394,000 in general and administrative expenses driven by the Company s use of
outside professional services due to the Company s focus on business development activities in line with its key corporate initiatives and an increase in professional service fees primarily related to the Company s special meeting and
reverse stock split in April 2016, offset by a decrease of $254,000 in stock-based compensation expense due to the full vesting of stock options granted in 2012.  
   Series A and Series A-1 Convertible Preferred Stock Dividends    
 The following table summarizes our total Series A and Series A-1 convertible preferred stock (  Series A and Series A-1 Preferred
Stock  ) dividends for the periods indicated, in thousands:      
   On May 27, 2015, all shares of Series A and Series A-1 Preferred Stock were fully converted, with no shares
remaining outstanding. Consequently, the Company has not paid any dividends on the Series A and Series A-1 Preferred Stock since the second quarter of 2015. Additionally, on November 6, 2015, the Company eliminated both series of preferred stock
from its Certificate of Incorporation. As a result, the Company does not have any shares of Series A and Series A-1 Preferred Stock authorized, issued or outstanding.  
  Liquidity and Capital Resources     On
June 2, 2015, we sold 2.6 million units in a public offering at a price of $4.00 per unit (the   Offering  ). Each unit consists of one share of common stock, a 13-month overallotment purchase right to purchase one-half of one
share of common stock at a price of $4.55 per full share of common stock (the   Overallotment Purchase Rights  ) and a five-year warrant to purchase one-half of one share of common stock at a price of $5.20 per full share of common
stock (the   Warrants  ). As a result of the Offering, the Company received net proceeds of approximately $9.2 million after placement agent fees and Offering expenses, and assuming the Overallotment Purchase Rights and Warrants are
not exercised.    Overallotment Purchase rights totaling 1,300,002 were issued in connection with the Offering. During the year ended
December 31, 2015, 43,500 Overallotment Purchase Rights were exercised for gross proceeds of $198,000. The Company s remaining outstanding Overallotment Purchase Rights of 1,256,502 expired on July 2, 2016 and were not exercised. As of
September 30, 2016, 1,300,002 Warrants were issued and outstanding.    On December 18, 2014, the Company entered into a purchase
agreement (the   Purchase Agreement  ) with Lincoln Park Capital Fund, LLC (  LPC  ), pursuant to which the Company has the right to sell to LPC up to $10.8 million in shares of the Company s common stock, subject
to certain limitations and conditions set forth in the Purchase Agreement. To date, the Company has sold a total of 70,000 shares of common stock to LPC for net proceeds of approximately $216,000.  
 We had cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments of $4.4 million as of September 30, 2016, compared with $10.6 million as of
December 31, 2015. Based on the Company s operational spending rate to advance our clinical products through clinical trials, the Company s current cash resources may not provide sufficient capital to fund operations for at least the
next twelve months. The Company hopes to obtain additional funding through one or more of several options including strategic opportunities, such as a merger, acquisition or other business development transaction, and/or through sales of the
Company s securities, which could be dilutive to our shareholders. There can be no assurance that the Company will be successful in accomplishing these plans in order to continue as a going concern.  
      15  

Table of Contents  

  The following table summarizes our cash flows for the periods indicated, in thousands:  
   
     Net Cash Flow from Operating Activities    
 Net cash used in operating activities was $6,388,000 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared with $5,735,000 for the nine months
ended September 30, 2015. The increase in cash used in operating activities was due to changes in working capital items of $755,000, primarily due to payments related to the manufacturing of RXI-109 and Samcyprone  drug product during the first
quarter of 2016, and changes in non-cash expenses of $850,000 partially offset by a decrease in net loss of $952,000.      Net Cash Flow from Investing
Activities      Net cash provided by investing activities was $3,498,000 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared with net
cash used in investing activities of $8,039,000 for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The increase in net cash provided by investing activities was primarily related to net purchases and maturities of short-term investments as compared with
the same period in the prior year.      Net Cash Flow from Financing Activities    
 Net cash provided by financing activities was $152,000 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared with $9,313,000 for the nine
months ended September 30, 2015. Net cash provided by financing activities in 2016 was due to net proceeds from the issuance of common stock to LPC under the Purchase Agreement. Net cash provided by financing activities in 2015 was primarily due to
net proceeds received from the Offering and the issuance of common stock to LPC under the Purchase Agreement.    Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements   
 In connection with certain license agreements, we are required to indemnify the licensor for certain damages arising in connection with the
intellectual property rights licensed under the agreement. In addition, we are a party to a number of agreements entered into in the ordinary course of business that contain typical provisions that obligate us to indemnify the other parties to such
agreements upon the occurrence of certain events. These indemnification obligations are considered off-balance sheet arrangements in accordance with ASC Topic 460,   Guarantor s Accounting and Disclosure Requirements for Guarantees,
Including Indirect Guarantees of Indebtedness of Others .  To date, we have not encountered material costs as a result of such obligations and have not accrued any liabilities related to such obligations in our financial statements. See Note
6 to our financial statements included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015, which was filed with the SEC on March 30, 2016, for further discussion of these indemnification agreements.  

ITEM 3.  
  QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK       Not applicable.  

ITEM 4.  
  CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES        Disclosure Controls and Procedures   
 As of the end of the period covered by this quarterly report on Form 10-Q, Dr. Geert Cauwenbergh, our Chief Executive Officer and acting
Chief Financial Officer (the   Certifying Officer   ), evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures. Disclosure controls and procedures are controls and procedures designed to reasonably assure that
information required to be disclosed in our reports filed under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the   Exchange Act  ), such as this Form 10-Q, is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in
the SEC rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures are also designed to reasonably assure that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including the Certifying Officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions
regarding required disclosure. Based on these evaluations, the Certifying Officer has concluded, that, as of the end of the period covered by this quarterly report on Form 10-Q:  

(a) 
 Our disclosure controls and procedures were effective to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports we file or submit under the Exchange Act was recorded, processed,
summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms; and        

(b) 
 Our disclosure controls and procedures were effective to provide reasonable assurance that material information required to be disclosed by us in the reports we file or submit under the Exchange Act was accumulated and
communicated to our management, including the Certifying Officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.    
      16  

Table of Contents  

   Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting   
 There has not been any change in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the quarterly period ended September 30,
2016 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.      
 PART II   OTHER INFORMATION       

ITEM 1.  
  LEGAL PROCEEDINGS       None.      

ITEM 1A.  
  RISK FACTORS        You should consider the  Risk Factors  included under
Item 1A. of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015 filed with the SEC on March 30, 2016.   
 Following the implementation of the reverse stock split, the Company regained compliance with the minimum bid price requirement set forth in
Nasdaq Listing Rule 5550(a)(2) for continued listing on The Nasdaq Capital Market.      We may decide not to exercise our option to
acquire MirImmune Inc., and if we do acquire MirImmune Inc., the acquisition may be unsuccessful and could dilute stockholders  ownership interest in the Company.    
 On October 7, 2016, we entered into an exclusive option agreement pursuant to which the Company has the exclusive option, but not the
obligation, to purchase 100% of the outstanding capital stock of MirImmune Inc. (  MirImmune  ) at any time prior to April 5, 2017, for 19.99% of the then-outstanding shares of common stock of the Company plus additional
potential consideration contingent on MirImmune achieving certain milestones. As part of our business strategy, we may decide to exercise this option to acquire MirImmune. If we exercise this option, we may not be able to integrate the acquisition
successfully into our existing business or may not realize the anticipated benefits from the acquisition. To finance the acquisition, we would issue shares of our common stock as consideration, which would dilute then-current stockholders 
ownership interests in the Company. The ownership interests of  then-current  stockholders in the Company could be further diluted, should MirImmune achieve certain milestones and receive additional shares of
our common stock. Alternatively, we may decide not to exercise this option to acquire MirImmune.      

ITEM 2.  
  UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS       None.  

ITEM 3.  
  DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES       None.  

ITEM 4.  
  MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES       Not applicable.  

ITEM 5.  
  OTHER INFORMATION       None.  
      17  

Table of Contents  

ITEM 6.  
  EXHIBITS        EXHIBIT INDEX   

Incorporated by Reference
Herein    
 
    Exhibit  
  Number   
    
  Description  
    
  Form  
    
  Date   

31.1 
    
 Sarbanes-Oxley Act Section 302 Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer.* 

32.1 
    
 Sarbanes-Oxley Act Section 906 Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer.* 

101 
    
 The following financial information from the Quarterly Report on  Form 10-Q  of RXi Pharmaceuticals Corporation for the quarter ended September 30, 2016, formatted in XBRL (eXtensible
Business Reporting Language): (1) Condensed Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015; (2) Condensed Statements of Operations for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015; (3) Condensed
Statements of Cash Flows for the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015; and (4) Notes to Condensed Financial Statements (Unaudited).* 

* 
 Filed herewith.    
      18  

Table of Contents  

    SIGNATURES  
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by
the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.       

RXi Pharmaceuticals Corporation  

By: 
   
   /s/ Geert Cauwenbergh   

Geert Cauwenbergh, Dr. Med. Sc.  

President, Chief Executive Officer and acting Chief Financial Officer  

Date: November 10, 2016  

19  

<EX-31.1>
 2
 d268860dex311.htm
 EX-31.1

EX-31.1 

Exhibit 31.1   
  CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER   
  PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002   
 I, Geert Cauwenbergh, certify that:    1. I have reviewed this
Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of RXi Pharmaceuticals Corporation;    2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a
material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;  
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the
financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;    4. I am responsible for
establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and have:  
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that
material information relating to the registrant, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;  
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to
provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;  
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report my conclusions about the effectiveness
of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and    d) Disclosed in this report
any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting; and    5. I have disclosed, based on my most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to
the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):    a) All
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial
information; and    b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal controls over financial reporting.    Dated: November 10, 2016  

/s/ Geert Cauwenbergh   
 
 Geert Cauwenbergh, Dr. Med. Sc.  
 
 President, Chief Executive Officer and acting Chief Financial Officer  
 
 (as Principal Executive and Financial Officer)  

</EX-31.1>

<EX-32.1>
 3
 d268860dex321.htm
 EX-32.1

EX-32.1 

Exhibit 32.1   
  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO   
  18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350   
  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO   
  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002   
 In connection with the Quarterly Report of RXi Pharmaceuticals Corporation (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the period ended
September 30, 2016 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), the undersigned officer of the Company certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.   1350, as adopted pursuant to   906 of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to his knowledge:    1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and    2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the
Company s financial condition and result of operations.      

/s/ Geert Cauwenbergh   
 
 Geert Cauwenbergh, Dr. Med. Sc.  
 
 President, Chief Executive Officer and acting Chief Financial Officer  
 
 (as Principal Executive and Financial Officer)  

November 10, 2016  

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.INS>
 4
 rxii-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 5
 rxii-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 6
 rxii-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 7
 rxii-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 8
 rxii-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 9
 rxii-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

