<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161114_10-Q_edgar_data_1034594_0001193125-16-767346_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>8597984</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>110276</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>445334</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1683131</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>4017855</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1876168</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>55</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001193125-16-767346.hdr.sgml : 20161111
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161114120223
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-16-767346
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		86
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161114
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161114

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			BAY BANKS OF VIRGINIA INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001034594
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	STATE COMMERCIAL BANKS [6022]
		IRS NUMBER:				541838100
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			VA
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-22955
		FILM NUMBER:		161992497

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		100 S MAIN STREET
		CITY:			KILMARNICK
		STATE:			VA
		ZIP:			22482
		BUSINESS PHONE:		8044351171

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		100 S MAIN STREET
		CITY:			KILMARNOCK
		STATE:			VA
		ZIP:			22482

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001193125-16-767346.txt : 20161114

10-Q
 1
 d235154d10q.htm
 FORM 10-Q

Form 10-Q 

Table of Contents  

UNITED STATES   
  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION   
  WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549        
       FORM 10-Q

FOR THE QUARTERLY PERIOD ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2016       
 
  COMMISSION FILE NUMBER: 0-22955        
       BAY BANKS OF
VIRGINIA, INC.      (EXACT NAME OF REGISTRANT AS SPECIFIED IN ITS CHARTER)   

VIRGINIA  
   
  54-1838100   
 
    (STATE OR OTHER JURISDICTION OF  
  INCORPORATION OR ORGANIZATION)   
   
    (I.R.S. EMPLOYER  
  IDENTIFICATION NO.)    
    100 SOUTH MAIN STREET, KILMARNOCK, VA 22482   
  (ADDRESS OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICES) (ZIP CODE)   
  (804) 435-1171   
  (REGISTRANT S TELEPHONE NUMBER, INCLUDING AREA CODE)   
         
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90
days.       yes       no    Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has
submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such
shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).       yes       no  
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer or a smaller reporting company. See
definition of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one):      

Large accelerated filer 

Accelerated filer 

Non-accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange
Act).       yes       no    Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the
issuer s classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date:    4,774,856 shares of common stock on November 1, 2016  

Table of Contents  

  FORM 10-Q  
 For the interim period ending September 30, 2016  
   INDEX      

PART I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION     

ITEM 1. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS SEPTEMBER 30, 2016 (UNAUDITED) AND DECEMBER 31, 2015

3 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME FOR THE THREE AND NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER
 30, 2016 AND 2015 (UNAUDITED)   

4 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME FOR THE THREE AND NINE MONTHS ENDED
 SEPTEMBER 30, 2016 AND 2015 (UNAUDITED)   

5 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS  EQUITY FOR THE NINE MONTHS
ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2016 (UNAUDITED)   

5 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS FOR THE NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2016
 AND 2015 (UNAUDITED)   

6 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED)   

7 

ITEM 
2. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS   

26 

ITEM 3. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET
RISK   

38 

ITEM 4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES   

38 

PART II - OTHER INFORMATION   

ITEM 1. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS  

38 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS  

39 

ITEM 2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS  

39 

ITEM 3. DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES  

39 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES  

39 

ITEM 5. OTHER INFORMATION  

39 

ITEM 6. EXHIBITS   

39 

2  

Table of Contents  

     PART I   FINANCIAL INFORMATION   
   ITEM 
1. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS       BAY BANKS OF VIRGINIA, INC.   
  CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS       
     
    See Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements.   
      3  

Table of Contents  

     BAY BANKS OF VIRGINIA, INC.   
  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME      (unaudited)   
   
    See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.   
      4  

Table of Contents  

     BAY BANKS OF VIRGINIA, INC.   
  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME   
  (unaudited)       
    See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.   
    BAY BANKS OF VIRGINIA, INC.   
  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS  EQUITY   
  (unaudited)       
    See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.   
      5  

Table of Contents  

     BAY BANKS OF VIRGINIA, INC.   
  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS      (unaudited)
      
    See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.   
      6  

Table of Contents  

      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited)    
  Note 1: General     Bay Banks of Virginia, Inc. (the
 Company ) owns 100% of the Bank of Lancaster (the  Bank ), 100% of Bay Trust Company, Inc. (the  Trust Company ) and 100% of Steptoes Holdings, LLC ( Steptoes Holdings ). The consolidated financial statements
include the accounts of the Bank, the Trust Company, Steptoes Holdings and Bay Banks of Virginia, Inc.    The accounting and reporting policies of the
Company conform to accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ( GAAP ) and to the general practices within the banking industry. In management s opinion, all adjustments, consisting only of normal
recurring adjustments necessary for a fair presentation of the consolidated financial statements, have been included. The results of operations for the interim periods are not necessarily indicative of the results to be expected for the full year or
for any other interim periods. These consolidated financial statements should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and notes to the consolidated financial statements included in the Company s Annual Report on Form
10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015.    Certain amounts presented in the consolidated financial statements of prior periods have been
reclassified to conform to current year presentations. The reclassifications had no effect on net income, net income per share or shareholders  equity as previously reported.  
  Note 2: Significant Accounting Policies      Certificates
of Deposit     Prior to January 1, 2016, the Company included its investments in certificates of deposit on the consolidated balance sheets in
securities available-for sale, at fair value. Effective January 1, 2016, the Company is presenting certificates of deposit separately on the consolidated balance sheets and removing them from the available-for-sale category. As of
December 31, 2015, the unrealized gain related to the certificates of deposit included in securities available-for-sale was $31 thousand and the tax effected unrealized gain included in accumulated other comprehensive income was $20 thousand.
The unrealized gain and related impact were reversed the first quarter of 2016.     Loans   
 The Company grants mortgage loans on real estate, commercial and industrial loans and consumer and other loans to customers. A substantial portion of the loan
portfolio is represented by mortgage loans on real estate. The ability of the Company s debtors to honor their contracts is dependent upon the real estate and general economic conditions in the Company s market areas.  
 Loans are reported at their recorded investment, which is the outstanding principal balance net of any unearned income, such as deferred fees and costs, and
charge-offs. Interest on loans is recognized over the term of the loan and is calculated using the interest method on principal amounts outstanding. Loan origination fees and certain direct origination costs are deferred and recognized as an
adjustment of the related loan yield over the contractual term of the loan, adjusted for early pay-offs, where applicable.    The accrual of interest is
generally discontinued at the time a loan is 90 days or more past due, or earlier, if collection is uncertain based on an evaluation of the net realizable value of the collateral and the financial strength of the borrower. Payments received for
loans no longer accruing interest are applied to the unpaid principal balance. Loans greater than 90 days past due may remain on accrual status if the credit is well-secured and in process of collection. Personal loans are typically charged off no
later than 180 days past due. Past due status is based on the contractual terms of the loan. In all cases, loans are charged off at an earlier date if collection of principal or interest is considered doubtful. Nonaccrual and past due policies are
materially the same for all types of loans.    All interest accrued but not collected for loans that are placed on non-accrual or charged off are reversed
against interest income. Any subsequent interest received on these loans is accounted for on the cash basis or cost recovery method until qualifying for return to accrual. Generally, a loan is returned to accrual status when all the principal and
interest amounts contractually due are brought current and future payments are reasonably assured, or it becomes well secured and in the process of collection.  
  Allowance for loan losses ( ALL )     The ALL
reflects management s judgment of probable loan losses inherent in the portfolio at the balance sheet date. Management uses a disciplined process and methodology to establish the ALL each quarter. To determine the total ALL, the Company
estimates the reserves needed for each homogenous segment of the portfolio, plus any loans analyzed individually for impairment. Depending on the nature of each segment, considerations include historical loss experience, adverse situations that may
affect a borrower s ability to repay, credit scores, past due history, estimated value of any underlying collateral, prevailing local and national economic conditions, and internal policies and procedures including credit risk management and
underwriting. This evaluation is inherently subjective, as it requires estimates that are susceptible to significant revision as conditions change.  
      7  

Table of Contents  

  Management employs a risk rating system to evaluate and consistently categorize loan portfolio credit risk. Loans
assigned risk rating grades include all commercial loans not secured by real estate, commercial mortgages, residential mortgages greater than $1 million, smaller residential mortgages which are impaired, loans to real estate developers and
contractors, consumer loans greater than $250 thousand with chronic delinquency, and troubled debt restructures ( TDRs ). The grading analysis estimates the capability of the borrower to repay the contractual obligations of the loan
agreements as scheduled. Risk grades are evaluated as new information becomes available for each borrowing relationship or at least quarterly. All other loans not specifically assigned a risk rating grade are monitored as a discrete pool of loans
generally based on delinquency status. Risk rating categories are as follows:     Pass    Borrower is strong or sound and
collateral securing the loan, if any, is adequate.     Watch    Borrower exhibits some signs of financial stress but is generally
believed to be a satisfactory customer and collateral, if any, may be in excess of 90% of the loan balance.     Special Mention   
Adverse trends in the borrower s financial position are evident and warrant management s close attention. Any collateral may not be fully adequate to secure the loan balance.  
  Substandard    A loan in this category has a well-defined weakness in the primary repayment source that jeopardizes the timely
collection of the debt. There is a distinct possibility that a loss may result if the weakness is not corrected.     Doubtful   
Default has already occurred and it is likely that foreclosure or repossession procedures have begun or will begin in the near future. Weaknesses make collection or liquidation in full, based on currently existing information, highly questionable
and improbable.     Loss    Uncollectible and of such little value that continuance as a bankable asset is not warranted.  
 The ALL consists of specific, general, and unallocated components. The specific component is determined by identifying impaired loans (as described below)
then evaluating each one to calculate the amount of impairment. Impaired loans measured for impairment generally include: (1) non-accruing Special mention, Substandard and Doubtful loans in excess of $250,000; (2) Substandard and Doubtful
loans in excess of $500,000; (3) Special Mention loans in excess of $500,000 if any of the loans in the relationship are more than 30 days past due or if the borrower has filed for bankruptcy; and (4) all TDRs. A specific allowance arises
when the discounted cash flows (or collateral value or observable market price) of the impaired loan is lower than the carrying value of that loan. The general component collectively evaluates smaller commercial loans, residential mortgages and
consumer loans, grouped into segments and classes. Historical loss experience is calculated and applied to each segment or class, then adjusted for qualitative factors. Qualitative factors include changes in local and national economic indicators,
such as unemployment rates, interest rates, gross domestic product growth and real estate market trends; the level of past due and nonaccrual loans; risk ratings on individual loans; strength of credit policies and procedures; loan officer
experience; borrower credit scores; and other intrinsic risks related to the types and geographic locations of loans. These qualitative adjustments reflect management s judgment of risks inherent in the segments. An unallocated component is
maintained if needed to cover uncertainties that could affect management s estimate of probable losses. The unallocated component of the allowance reflects the margin of imprecision inherent in the underlying assumptions used in the
methodologies for estimating specific and general losses in the portfolio. Changes in the allowance for loan losses and the related provision expense can materially affect net income.  
 The specific component of the ALL calculation accounts for the loan loss reserve necessary on impaired loans. A loan is considered impaired when, based on
current information and events, it is probable that the Company will be unable to collect the scheduled payments of principal or interest when due according to the contractual terms of the loan agreement. Factors considered by management in
determining impairment include payment status, collateral value, and the probability of collecting scheduled principal and interest payments when due. Loans that experience insignificant payment delays and payment shortfalls generally are not
considered impaired. Management determines the significance of payment delays and payment shortfalls on a case-by-case basis, taking into consideration all of the circumstances surrounding the loan and the borrower, including the length of the
delay, the reasons for the delay, the borrower s prior payment record, and the amount of the shortfall in relation to the principal and interest owed. Accrual of interest may or may not be discontinued for any given impaired loan. Impairment is
measured by either the present value of expected future cash flows discounted at the loan s effective interest rate, the loan s obtainable market price, or the fair value of the collateral if the loan is collateral dependent. Because large
groups of smaller balance homogeneous loans are collectively evaluated for impairment, the Company does not generally separately identify smaller balance individual consumer and residential loans for impairment disclosures, unless such loans are the
subject of a troubled debt restructuring agreement.    The general component of the ALL calculation collectively evaluates groups of loans in segments or
classes, as noted above. The segments are: (1) Mortgage loans on real estate; (2) Commercial and industrial loans; and (3) Consumer and other loans. The segment for Mortgage loans on real estate is disaggregated into the following
classes: (1) Construction, land and land development; (2) Farmland; (3) Residential first mortgages; (4) Residential revolving and junior mortgages; (5) Commercial mortgages (non-owner-occupied); and (6) Commercial
mortgages (owner-occupied). Loans in segment 1 are secured by real estate. Loans in segments 2 and 3 are secured by other types of collateral or are unsecured. A given segment or class may not reflect the purpose of a loan. For example, a business
owner may provide his residence as collateral for a loan to his company, in which case the loan would be grouped in a residential mortgage class. Historical loss factors are calculated for the prior 20 quarters by segment and class, and then applied
to the current balances in each segment and class. Finally, qualitative factors are applied to each segment and class.    Construction and development loans
carry risks that the project will not be finished according to schedule or according to budget and the value of the collateral, at any point in time, may be less than the principal amount of the loan. These loans also bear the risk that the
 
      8  

Table of Contents  

general contractor may face financial pressure unrelated to the project. Loans secured by land, farmland and residential mortgages carry the risk of continued credit-worthiness of the borrower
and changes in value of the underlying real estate collateral. Commercial mortgages and commercial and industrial loans carry risks associated with the profitable operation of a business and its related cash flows. Additionally, commercial and
industrial loans carry risks associated with the value of collateral other than real estate which may depreciate over time. Consumer loans carry risks associated with the continuing credit-worthiness of the borrower and are more likely than real
estate loans to be adversely affected by divorce, unemployment, personal illness or bankruptcy of an individual. Consumer loans secured by automobiles carry risks associated with rapidly depreciating collateral. Consumer loans have historically
included credit cards, which are unsecured. The credit card portfolio was sold to an unaffiliated third party in the third quarter of 2016.    The summation
of the specific, general and unallocated components results in the total estimated ALL. Management may also include an unallocated component to cover uncertainties in the level of probable losses. This estimate is inherently subjective and actual
losses could be greater or less than the estimates.    Additions to the ALL are made by charges to earnings through the provision for loan losses.
Charge-offs result from credit exposures deemed to be uncollectible and the ALL is reduced by these. Recoveries of previously charged off amounts are credited back to the ALL. Charge-off policies are materially the same for all types of loans.  
  Mortgage servicing rights ( MSRs )     MSRs are
included on the consolidated balance sheet and recorded at fair value on an ongoing basis. Changes in the fair value of the MSRs are recorded in the results of operations. A fair value analysis of MSRs is performed on a quarterly basis.  
  Note 3: Amendments to the Accounting Standards Codification   
 In June 2016, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ) issued Accounting Standards Update ( ASU ) 2016-13,  Financial
Instruments   Credit Losses (Topic 326)  which is new guidance for the accounting for credit losses on instruments within its scope. It introduces a new model for current expected credit losses ( CECL ) which will apply to
financial assets subject to credit losses and measured at amortized cost and certain off-balance sheet credit exposures. This will include loans, held-to-maturity debt securities, loan commitments, financial guarantees, net investments in leases,
reinsurance and trade receivables. The CECL model requires an entity to estimate the credit losses expected over the life of an exposure (or pool of exposures). The estimate of expected credit losses should consider historical information, current
information and reasonable and supportable forecasts, including estimates of prepayments. In addition, ASU 2016-13 replaces the current available-for-sale debt securities other-than-temporary impairment model with an estimate of expected credit
losses only when the fair value falls below the amortized cost of the asset. Credit losses on available-for-sale debt securities will be limited to the difference between the security s amortized cost basis and its fair value. The
available-for-sale debt security model will also require the use of an allowance to record estimated credit losses and subsequent recoveries. The ASU also addresses purchased financial assets with credit deterioration. Disclosure requirements are
expanded regarding an entity s assumptions, models and methods for estimating the ALL. The ASU is effective for interim and annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2019. The Company is evaluating the impact that ASU 2016-13
will have on its consolidated financial statements.    In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-09,   Compensation   Stock Compensation
(Topic 718): Improvements to Employee Shares-Based Payment Accounting.   The amendments in this ASU simplify several aspects of the accounting for share-based payment award transactions including: a) income tax consequences; b)
classification of awards as either equity or liabilities; and c) classification on the statement of cash flows. The amendments are effective for public companies for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2016, and interim periods within
those annual periods. The Company is evaluating the impact that ASU 2016-09 will have on its consolidated financial statements.    In January 2016, the FASB
issued ASU 2016-01,  Financial Instruments   Overall  (Subtopic 825-10) which requires equity investments, other than those accounted for using the equity method, to be measured at fair value through earnings. There will no longer be an
available-for-sale classification measured (changes in fair value reported in other comprehensive income) for equity securities with readily determinable fair values. The cost method is also eliminated for equity instruments without a readily
determinable fair value. For these investments, companies can elect to record the investment at cost, less impairment, plus or minus subsequent adjustments for observable price changes. This election only applies to equity investments that do not
qualify for the net asset value practical expedient. Public companies will be required to use the exit price when measuring the fair value of financial instruments measured at amortized cost for disclosure purposes. In addition, the ASU requires
financial assets and financial liabilities to be presented separately in the notes to the financial statements, grouped by measurement category and form of financial asset. The classification and measurement guidance is effective for periods
beginning after December 15, 2017. The Company is evaluating the impact that ASU 2016-01 will have on its consolidated financial statements.    In
February 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-02,  Consolidation (Topic 810): Amendments to the Consolidation Analysis . The amendments modify the evaluation reporting organizations must perform to determine if certain legal entities should be
consolidated as VIEs. Specifically, the amendments: (1) modify the evaluation of whether limited partnerships and similar legal entities are variable interest entities ( VIEs ) or voting interest entities; (2) eliminate the
presumption that a general partner should consolidate a limited partnership; (3) affect the consolidation analysis of reporting entities that are involved with VIEs, particularly those that have fee arrangements and related party relationships;
and (4) provide a scope exception from consolidation guidance for reporting entities with interests in legal entities that are required to comply with or operate in accordance with requirements that are similar to those in Rule 2a-7 of the
Investment Company Act of 1940 for registered money market funds. ASU 2015-02 is effective for interim and annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2015. The adoption of the new guidance did not have a material impact on the
Company s consolidated financial statements.  
      9  

Table of Contents  

  In January 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-01,  Income Statement   Extraordinary and Unusual Items . ASU
2015-01 eliminates the concept of extraordinary items. However, the presentation and disclosure requirements for items that are either unusual in nature or infrequent in occurrence remain and will be expanded to include items that are both
unusual in nature and infrequent in occurrence. ASU 2015-01 is effective for periods beginning after December 15, 2015. The adoption of the new guidance did not have a material impact on the Company s consolidated financial
statements.    In May 2014, the FASB issued ASU 2014-09,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers  (Topic 606). The amendments in this ASU modify the
guidance companies use to recognize revenue from contracts with customers for transfers of goods or services and transfers of nonfinancial assets, unless those contracts are within the scope of other standards. The ASU requires that entities apply a
specific method to recognize revenue reflecting the consideration expected from customers in exchange for the transfer of goods and services. The guidance also requires new qualitative and quantitative disclosures, including information about
contract balances and performance obligations. Entities are also required to disclose significant judgments and changes in judgments for determining the satisfaction of performance obligations. Most revenue associated with financial instruments,
including interest and loan origination fees, is outside the scope of the guidance. In August 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2014-09 changing the effective date for ASU 2014-09 to annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2017 from
December 15, 2016. The Company is evaluating the impact that ASU 2014-09 will have on its consolidated financial statements.     Note 4: Securities
    The aggregate amortized costs and fair values of the available-for-sale securities portfolio are as follows:  
   
   Gross realized gains and gross realized losses on sales and calls of securities were as follows:  
   
   Average yields (taxable equivalent) on securities were 3.10% and 2.43% for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and
2015, respectively, and 3.07% and 2.45% for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively.    Securities with a market value of $15.5
million and $8.6 million were pledged as collateral for repurchase agreements and for other purposes as required by law as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively. As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015,
all the securities pledged to repurchase agreements were state and municipal obligations. All the repurchase agreements had remaining contractual maturities that were overnight and continuous. Securities sold under repurchase agreements were
$13.0 million and $7.2 million as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively, and included in liabilities on the consolidated balance sheets.  
      10  

Table of Contents  

The securities pledged to each agreement are reviewed daily and can be changed at the option of the Bank with minimal risk of loss due to fair value.  
 Securities in an unrealized loss position at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, by duration of the unrealized loss, are shown below. The
unrealized loss positions were directly related to interest rate movements as there is minimal credit risk exposure in these investments. All agency securities, and states and municipal securities are investment grade or better and their losses are
considered temporary. Management does not intend to sell the securities and does not expect to be required to sell the securities. Furthermore, all amortized cost bases are expected to be recovered. Bonds with unrealized loss positions at
September 30, 2016 included 12 federal agencies and six municipals. Bonds with unrealized loss positions at December 31, 2015 included 24 federal agencies, one corporate bond and 17 municipals. The tables are shown below.  
   
   The Company s investment in Federal Home Loan Bank of Atlanta ( FHLB ) stock totaled $1.5 million and $2.0
million at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively. The Company also had an investment in Federal Reserve Bank of Richmond ( FRB ) stock which totaled $565 thousand and $505 thousand at September 30, 2016 and
December 31, 2015, respectively. The investments in both FHLB and FRB stock are required investments related to the Bank s membership with the FHLB and FRB. These securities do not have a readily determinable fair value as their ownership
is restricted, and they lack an active market for trading. Additionally, per charter provisions related to the FHLB and FRB stock, all repurchase transactions of such stock must occur at par. Accordingly, these securities are carried at cost, and
are periodically evaluated for impairment. The Company s determination as to whether its investment in FHLB and FRB stock is impaired is based on management s assessment of the ultimate recoverability of its par value rather than
recognizing temporary declines in its value. The determination of whether the decline affects the ultimate recoverability of the investments is influenced by available information regarding various factors. These factors include, among others, the
significance of the decline in net assets of the issuing banks as compared to the capital stock amount reported by these banks, and the length of time a decline has persisted; commitments by such banks to make payments required by law or regulation
and the level of such payments in relation to the operating performance of the issuing bank; and the overall liquidity position of the issuing bank. Based on its most recent analysis of publicly available information regarding the financial
condition of the issuing banks, management concluded that no impairment existed in the carrying value of FHLB and FRB stock.     Note 5: Loans   
 The following is a summary of the balances of loans:      
 
      11  

Table of Contents  

  The recorded investment in past due and non-accruing loans is shown in the following table. A loan past due by
more than 90 days is generally placed on nonaccrual unless it is both well secured and in the process of collection.      
   In July 2016, the Bank sold its VISA loan portfolio to an unaffiliated third party, recognizing a gain of $150 thousand on
sale.     Note 6: Allowance for Loan Losses      Loans
Evaluated for Impairment     Loan receivables evaluated for impairment individually and collectively by segment as of September 30, 2016 and
December 31, 2015 are as follows:      
 
      12  

Table of Contents  

   Allowance for Loan Losses   
 The allowance for loan losses disaggregated based on loan receivables evaluated for impairment individually and collectively by segment as of
September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 are as follows:      
   A disaggregation and an analysis of the change in the allowance for loan losses by segment is shown below.  

13  

Table of Contents  

Internal Risk Rating Grades   
 Internal risk rating grades are generally assigned to commercial loans not secured by real estate, commercial mortgages, residential mortgages greater than $1
million, smaller residential mortgages which are impaired, loans to real estate developers and contractors, consumer loans greater than $250,000 with chronic delinquency, and TDRs, as shown in the following table. The grading analysis estimates the
capability of the borrower to repay the contractual obligations of the loan agreements as scheduled. Risk grades (refer to Note 2) are evaluated as new information becomes available for each borrowing relationship or at least quarterly.  
   
   Loans not assigned internal risk rating grades are comprised of smaller residential mortgages and smaller consumer loans.
Payment activity of these loans is reviewed monthly by management. However, some of these loans are graded when the borrower s total exposure to the Bank exceeds the limits noted above. Loans are considered to be nonperforming when they are
delinquent by 90 days or more or non-accruing and credit risk is primarily evaluated by delinquency status, as shown in the table below.  
      14  

Table of Contents  

(1) 
 Residential First Mortgages which have been assigned a risk rating grade of Substandard totaled $3.3 million as of September 30, 2016.    

(2) 
 Residential Revolving and Junior Mortgages which have been assigned a risk rating grade of Substandard totaled $265 thousand as of September 30, 2016.    

(3) 
 No Consumer Loans had been assigned a risk rating grade of Substandard as of September 30, 2016.    

(4) 
 Residential First Mortgages which have been assigned a risk rating grade of Substandard totaled $3.9 million as of December 31, 2015.    

(5) 
 Residential Revolving and Junior Mortgages which have been assigned a risk rating grade of Substandard totaled $372 thousand as of December 31, 2015.    

(6) 
 No Consumer Loans had been assigned a risk rating grade of Substandard as of December 31, 2015.    
  Impaired Loans     The following tables show the
Company s recorded investment and the customers  unpaid principal balances for impaired loans, with the associated allowance amount, if applicable, as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, along with the average recorded
investment and interest income recognized for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively.      

(1) 
 Junior mortgages include equity lines.    
      15  

Table of Contents  

(1) 
 Junior mortgages include equity lines.    

(2) 
 Includes credit cards.      Smaller non-accruing loans and non-accruing loans that are not graded because they are
included in homogenous pools generally do not meet the criteria for impairment testing, and are therefore excluded from impaired loan disclosures. At September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, non-accruing loans excluded from impaired loan
disclosure totaled $77 thousand and $95 thousand, respectively. If interest on these non-accruing loans had been accrued, such income would have approximated $1 thousand during both the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 and $3
thousand and $9 thousand during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively.     Loan Modifications   
 Loans modified as TDRs are considered impaired and are individually evaluated for the amount of impairment in the ALL. The following table presents, by
segments of loans, information related to loans modified as TDRs during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015.  
      16  

Table of Contents  

For the three months ended 

For the three months ended 

September 30, 2016 

September 30, 2015 

(Dollars in thousands)  
 TROUBLED DEBT RESTRUCTURINGS  
    
 Number of Loans 

Pre-Modification Outstanding Recorded Investment 

Post-Modification  Outstanding Recorded Investment 

Number of Loans 

Pre-Modification Outstanding Recorded Investment 

Post-Modification  Outstanding Recorded Investment 

Residential first mortgages (1)  

$ 

$ 

1 

$ 
 213 

$ 
 211 

(1) 
 Modification was an extension of loan terms.        

For the nine months ended 

For the nine months ended 

September 30, 2016 

September 30, 2015 

(Dollars in thousands) 
 TROUBLED DEBT RESTRUCTURINGS  
    
 Number of Loans 

Pre-Modification Outstanding Recorded Investment 

Post-Modification  Outstanding Recorded Investment 

Number of Loans 

Pre-Modification Outstanding Recorded Investment 

Post-Modification  Outstanding Recorded Investment 

Residential first mortgages (2) (1)  

1 

$ 
 244 

$ 
 244 

1 

$ 
 213 

$ 
 211 

Commercial mortgage (Owner occupied) (2)  

1 

105 

124 

(1) 
 Modification was an extension of loan terms.    

(2) 
 Modification was a capitalization of interest.        

For the three months ended 

For the three months ended 

(Dollars in thousands)  
    
 September 30, 2016 

September 30, 2015 

TROUBLED DEBT RESTRUCTURINGS 
 THAT SUBSEQUENTLY DEFAULTED  
    
 Number of Loans 

Recorded Investment 

Number of Loans 

Recorded Investment 

Commercial and industrial  

$ 

$ 

For the nine months ended 

For the nine months ended 

(Dollars in thousands)  
    
 September 30, 2016 

September 30, 2015 

TROUBLED DEBT RESTRUCTURINGS 
 THAT SUBSEQUENTLY DEFAULTED  
    
 Number of Loans 

Recorded Investment 

Number of Loans 

Recorded Investment 

Commercial mortgage (Owner occupied)  

$ 

1 

$ 
 124 
     
    Other Real Estate Owned   
 The table below details the properties included in other real estate owned ( OREO ) as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015. There
were three collateralized consumer residential mortgage loans with an aggregate balance of $601 thousand from two borrowers in the process of foreclosure as of September 30, 2016.  
   
   Included in other assets as of September 30, 2016, was one residential property purchased in 2013 from a related party
with a value of $708 thousand and a former branch, which was closed April 30, 2015, with a value of $403 thousand. Both properties are being marketed for sale.  
      17  

Table of Contents  

   Note 7: Earnings per share   
 The following table shows the weighted average number of shares used in computing earnings per share and the effect on the weighted average number of shares of
dilutive potential common stock.      
   For the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, options on 33,451 and 60,973 shares, respectively, were not
included in computing diluted earnings per share because their effects were anti-dilutive. For the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, options on 47,041 and 68,473 shares, respectively, were not included in computing diluted earnings
per share because their effects were anti-dilutive.     Note 8: Stock-Based Compensation   
 On June 28, 2013, the Company registered with the Securities and Exchange Commission a stock-based compensation plan, which superseded all other plans.
There are 342,000 shares available for grant under this plan at September 30, 2016.    Stock-based compensation expense related to stock awards for
both the three month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 was zero. For the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, stock-based compensation expense related to stock awards was $16 thousand and $17 thousand, respectively.
Compensation expense for stock options is the estimated fair value of options on the date granted using the Black-Scholes Model amortized on a straight-line basis over the vesting period of the award. There was no unrecognized compensation expense
related to stock options as of September 30, 2016.    Options for a total of 7,500 shares were granted and vested during the nine months ended
September 30, 2016. The aggregate fair value of options granted during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was $16 thousand. Options for a total of 7,500 shares were granted and vested during the nine months ended September 30,
2015. The aggregate fair value of options granted during the nine months ended September 30, 2015 was $17 thousand.    The variables used in these
calculations of the fair value of the options are as follows:      
   Stock option activity for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 is summarized below:  

(1) 
 The aggregate intrinsic value of a stock option in the table above represents the total pre-tax intrinsic value (the amount by which the current market value of the underlying stock exceeds the exercise price of the
option) that would have been received by the option holders had all option holders exercised their options on September 30, 2016. This amount changes based on changes in the market value of the Company s common stock.    
      18  

Table of Contents  

   Note 9: Employee Benefit Plans   
 The Company has a non-contributory, defined benefit pension plan for full-time employees who were over 21 years of age and vested in the plan as of
December 31, 2012, when the plan was frozen. Each participant s account balance grows based on monthly interest credits. The Company funds pension costs in accordance with the funding provisions of the Employee Retirement Income Security
Act.    The Company sponsors a post-retirement benefit plan covering current and future retirees who acquire age 55 and 10 years of service or age 65 and 5
years of service. The post-retirement benefit plan provides coverage toward a retiree s eligible medical and life insurance benefits expenses. The plan is unfunded and funded as benefits are due.  
  Components of Net Periodic (Benefit) Cost       
   The Company expects to make no contribution to its pension plan and $2 thousand to its post-retirement benefit plan during the
remainder of 2016. The Company has contributed $5 thousand towards the post-retirement plan during the first nine months of 2016.     Note 10: Long Term
Debt      FHLB Debt     As of September 30, 2016,
the Bank had $25.0 million of outstanding FHLB debt, consisting of four advances. As of December 31, 2015, seven advances totaling $40.0 million were outstanding. Three advances for $5.0 million each that matured in February 2016, April
2016 and September 2016 were repaid. The fixed rate advance that matured in October 2016 was replaced with a three month 0.49% fixed rate advance for $5.0 million.  
 The five advances are shown in the following table.      
   Advances on the FHLB lines are secured by a blanket lien on qualified 1 to 4 family residential real estate loans. Immediate
available credit, as of September 30, 2016, was $84.7 million against a total line of credit of $115.7 million.    As of September 30, 2016 and
December 31, 2015, the Company had $25.0 million and $40.0 million, respectively, in FHLB debt outstanding with a weighted average interest rate of 1.74% and 1.17%, respectively.  
  Subordinated Debt     On May 28, 2015, the issued an
aggregate of $7,000,000 of subordinated notes (the  Notes ). The Notes have a maturity date of May 28, 2025. The Notes bear interest, payable on the 1st of March and September of each year, commencing September 1, 2015, at a
fixed interest rate of 6.50% per year. The Notes are not convertible into common stock or preferred stock, and are not callable by the holders. The Company has the right to redeem the Notes, in whole or in part, without premium or penalty, at
any interest payment date on or after May 28, 2020 and prior to the maturity date, but in all cases in a principal amount with integral multiples of $1,000, plus interest accrued and unpaid through the date of redemption. If an event of default
occurs, such as the bankruptcy of the Company, the holder of a Note may declare the principal amount of the Note to be due and immediately payable. The Notes are unsecured, subordinated obligations of the Company and will rank junior in right of
payment to the Company s existing and future senior indebtedness. The Notes qualify as Tier 2 capital for regulatory reporting.  
      19  

Table of Contents  

Note 11: Fair Value Measurements   
 The Company uses fair value to record certain assets and liabilities and to determine fair value disclosures. Authoritative accounting guidance clarifies that
fair value of certain assets and liabilities is an exit price, representing the amount that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants.  
 Authoritative accounting guidance specifies a hierarchy of valuation techniques based on whether the inputs to those valuation techniques are observable or
unobservable. Observable inputs reflect market data obtained from independent sources, while unobservable inputs reflect the Company s market assumptions. The three levels of the fair value hierarchy based on these two types of inputs are as
follows:      

Level 1   
    
 Valuation is based on quoted prices in active markets for identical assets and liabilities.  

Level 2   
    
 Valuation is based on observable inputs including quoted prices in active markets for similar assets and liabilities, quoted prices for identical or similar assets and liabilities in less active markets, and model-based valuation
techniques for which significant assumptions can be derived primarily from or corroborated by observable data in the market.  

Level 3   
    
 Valuation is based on model-based techniques that use one or more significant inputs or assumptions that are unobservable in the market.  
   The following describes the valuation techniques used by the Company to measure certain financial assets and liabilities
recorded at fair value on a recurring basis in the financial statements:     Securities available-for-sale : Securities available-for-sale are recorded
at fair value on a recurring basis. Fair value measurement is based upon quoted market prices, when available (Level 1). If quoted market prices are not available, fair values are measured utilizing independent valuation techniques of identical or
similar securities for which significant assumptions are derived primarily from or corroborated by observable market data. Third party vendors compile prices from various sources and may determine the fair value of identical or similar securities by
using pricing models that consider observable market data (Level 2). In certain cases where there is limited activity or less transparency around inputs to the valuation, securities are classified within Level 3 of the valuation hierarchy.  
  Defined benefit plan assets : Defined benefit plan assets are recorded at fair value on an annual basis at year end.  
  Mortgage servicing rights : MSRs are recorded at fair value on a recurring basis, with changes in fair value recorded in the results of operations. A
model is used to determine fair value, which establishes pools of performing loans, calculates cash flows for each pool and applies a discount rate to each pool. Loans are segregated into 14 pools based on each loan s term and seasoning (age).
All loans have fixed interest rates. Cash flows are then estimated by utilizing assumed service costs and prepayment speeds. Service costs were assumed to be $6.00 per loan as of both September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015. Prepayment
speeds are determined primarily based on the average interest rate of the loans in each pool. The prepayment scale used is the Public Securities Association ( PSA ) model, where  100% PSA  means prepayments are zero in the first
month, then increase by 0.2% of the loan balance each month until reaching 6.0% in month 30. Thereafter, the 100% PSA model assumes an annual prepayment of 6.0% of the remaining loan balance. The average PSA speed assumption in the fair value model
is 217% and 163% as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively. A discount rate of 10% was then applied to each pool as of September 30, 2016 and 11.0% as of December 31, 2015. This discount rate is intended to
represent the estimated market yield for the highest quality grade of comparable servicing. MSRs are classified as Level 3.      
      20  

Table of Contents  

  The following table presents the balances of financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a
recurring basis as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015:      
   The reconciliation of items using Level 3 inputs is as follows:  
   
   Certain assets are measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis in accordance with GAAP. Adjustments to the fair value of
these assets usually result from the application of lower-of-cost-or-market accounting or write-downs of individual assets.    The following describes the
valuation techniques used by the Company to measure certain assets recorded at fair value on a nonrecurring basis in the financial statements:  
  Impaired Loans:  Loans are designated as impaired when, in the judgment of management based on current information and events, it is probable that all
amounts due according to the contractual terms of the loan agreement will not be collected. The measurement of loss associated with impaired loans can be based on either the observable market price of the loan or the fair value of the collateral.
Collateral may be in the form of real estate or business assets including equipment, inventory, and accounts receivable. Any given loan may have multiple types of collateral. The vast majority of the collateral is real estate. The value of real
estate collateral is determined utilizing a market valuation approach based on an appraisal conducted by an independent, licensed appraiser outside of the Company using observable market data (Level 2). However, if the collateral value is
significantly adjusted due to differences in the comparable properties, or is  
      21  

Table of Contents  

discounted by the Company because of marketability, then the fair value is considered Level 3. The value of business equipment is based upon an outside appraisal if deemed significant, or the net
book value on the applicable business  financial statements if not considered significant. Likewise, values for inventory and accounts receivables collateral are based on financial statement balances or aging reports (Level 3). Impaired loans
allocated to the ALL are measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis. Any fair value adjustments are recorded in the period incurred as provision for loan losses on the Consolidated Statements of Income.  
  Other Real Estate Owned:  OREO is measured at fair value less estimated costs to sell, based on an appraisal conducted by an independent, licensed
appraiser outside of the Company. If the collateral value is significantly adjusted due to differences in the comparable properties, or is discounted by the Company because of marketability, then the fair value is considered Level 3. OREO is
measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis. The initial fair value of OREO is based on an appraisal done at the time of foreclosure. Subsequent fair value adjustments are recorded in the period incurred and included in other noninterest income
on the Consolidated Statements of Income.    The following table summarizes the Company s assets that were measured at fair value on a nonrecurring
basis at the end of the respective period.      
   The following table displays quantitative information about Level 3 Fair Value Measurements as of September 30, 2016:
     
   The following table displays quantitative information about Level 3 Fair Value Measurements as of December 31, 2015:  

22  

Table of Contents  

  The estimated fair values of financial instruments are shown in the following table. The carrying amounts in the
table are included in the balance sheet under the applicable captions.      
   The carrying amounts of cash and due from banks, interest-bearing deposits, federal funds sold or purchased, accrued interest
receivable, loans held for sale and non-interest-bearing deposits, are payable on demand, or are of such short duration that carrying value approximates market value.  
 Securities available-for-sale are carried at quoted market prices, when available (Level 1). If quoted market prices are not available, fair values are
measured utilizing independent valuation techniques of identical or similar securities for which significant assumptions are derived primarily from or corroborated by observable market data. Third party vendors compile prices from various sources
and may determine the fair value of identical or similar securities by using pricing models that consider observable market data (Level 2). In certain cases where there is limited activity or less transparency around inputs to the valuation,
securities are classified within Level 3 of the valuation hierarchy.    The carrying value of restricted securities approximates fair value based on the
redemption provisions of the issuer.  
      23  

Table of Contents  

  MSRs are carried at fair value. As described above, a valuation model is used to determine fair value. This model
utilizes a discounted cash flow analysis with servicing costs and prepayment assumptions based on comparable instruments and a discount rate.    The fair
value of performing loans is estimated by discounting the future cash flows using the current rates at which similar loans would be made to borrowers with similar remaining maturities. This calculation ignores loan fees and certain factors affecting
the interest rates charged on various loans such as the borrower s creditworthiness and compensating balances and dissimilar types of real estate held as collateral. The fair value of impaired loans is measured as described within the Impaired
Loans section of this note. The fair value of loans does not consider the lack of liquidity and uncertainty in the market that would affect the valuation.  
 Time deposits are presented at estimated fair value by discounting the future cash flows using interest rates offered for deposits of similar remaining
maturities.    The fair value of the Company s subordinated debt is estimated by utilizing observable market prices for comparable securities.
Qualitative factors like asset quality, market factors and liquidity are also considered.    The fair value of the FHLB advances is estimated by discounting
the future cash flows using the current interest rates offered for similar advances.    The fair value of commitments to extend credit is estimated using
the fees currently charged to enter similar agreements, taking into account the remaining terms of the agreements and the present credit worthiness of the counter parties. For fixed-rate loan commitments, fair value also considers the difference
between current levels of interest rates and the committed rates. The fair value of standby letters of credit is based on fees currently charged for similar agreements or on the estimated cost to terminate them or otherwise settle the obligations
with the counter parties at the reporting date. At September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the fair value of loan commitments and standby letters of credit was immaterial and therefore, they are not included in the table above.  
 The Company assumes interest rate risk (the risk that general interest rate levels will change) as a result of its normal operations. As a result, the fair
value of the Company s financial instruments will change when interest rate levels change and that change may be either favorable or unfavorable to the Company. Management attempts to match maturities of assets and liabilities to the extent
believed necessary to minimize interest rate risk. However, borrowers with fixed rate obligations are less likely to prepay in a rising rate environment. Conversely, depositors who are receiving fixed rates are more likely to withdraw funds before
maturity in a rising rate environment and less likely to do so in a falling rate environment. Management monitors rates and maturities of assets and liabilities and attempts to minimize interest rate risk by adjusting terms of new loans and deposits
and by investing in securities with terms that mitigate the Company s overall interest rate risk.     Note 12: Changes in Accumulated Other
Comprehensive Income (Loss)     The balances in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) are shown in the following tables:  

24  

Table of Contents  

Reclassification for previously unrealized gains (losses) and impairments on securities are reported in the Consolidated
Statements of Income as follows. No unrealized gains (losses) on pension and post-employment related costs were reclassified to the Consolidated Statements of Income in the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015.  
 Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)  
 Reclassification for the Three Months Ended  
  Holding Losses on Securities       
   Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)  
 Reclassification for the Nine Months Ended  
  Holding Losses on Securities       
    Note 13: Subsequent Event   
 On November 2, 2016, the Company signed a definitive merger agreement with Virginia BanCorp Inc. ( Virginia BanCorp ). Upon completion of the merger,
the Company will be the surviving corporation and shareholders of Virginia BanCorp will receive 1.178 shares of the Company s common stock for each share of Virginia BanCorp common stock they own. After the merger is completed, the
Company s shareholders will own approximately 51% of the stock of the Company and Virginia BanCorp s shareholders will own approximately 49%. The merger is expected to be completed early in the second quarter of 2017, subject to approval
of both companies  shareholders, regulatory approvals, and other customary closing conditions. As of September 30, 2016, Virginia BanCorp, Inc. total assets were approximately $325.1 million and total stockholders  equity was $35.7
million.  
      25  

Table of Contents  

     ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND
RESULTS OF OPERATIONS     The following discussion is intended to assist in understanding the results of operations and the financial condition of Bay
Banks of Virginia, Inc. This discussion should be read in conjunction with the above consolidated financial statements and the notes thereto.  
  STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS     This
report contains statements concerning the Company s expectations, plans, objectives, future financial performance and other statements that are not historical facts. These statements may constitute  forward-looking statements  as
defined by federal securities laws. These statements may address issues that involve estimates and assumptions made by management, risks and uncertainties, and actual results could differ materially from historical results or those anticipated by
such statements. These forward-looking statements include statements about the benefits of the proposed merger between the Company and Virginia BanCorp, the Company s and Virginia BanCorp s plans, obligations, expectations and intentions
and other statements that are not historical facts. Words such as  anticipates,   believes,   intends,   should,   expects,   will,  and variations of similar expressions are intended to
identify forward-looking statements. Factors that could have a material adverse effect on the operations and future prospects of the Company include, but are not limited to, the ability to obtain required regulatory and shareholder approvals and
meet other closing conditions to the transaction; the ability to complete the merger as expected and within the expected timeframe; disruptions to customer and employee relationships and business operations caused by the merger; the ability to
implement integration plans associated with the transaction, which integration may be more difficult, time-consuming or costly than expected; the ability to achieve the cost savings and synergies contemplated by the merger within the expected
timeframe, or at all, changes in interest rates, general economic conditions, the legislative/regulatory climate, monetary and fiscal policies of the U.S. Government, including policies of the U.S. Treasury and the Board of Governors of the Federal
Reserve System, the quality or composition of the loan or investment portfolios, demand for loan products, deposit flows, competition, expansion activities, demand for financial services in the Company s market area, accounting principles,
policies and guidelines and the other factors detailed in Bay Banks s publicly filed documents, including its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015. These risks and uncertainties should be considered in evaluating the
forward-looking statements contained herein, and readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such statements, which speak only as of the date they are made.  
  EXECUTIVE SUMMARY     On November 2, 2016, the Company
signed a definitive merger agreement with Virginia BanCorp Inc. ( Virginia BanCorp ). Upon completion of the merger, the Company will be the surviving corporation and shareholders of Virginia BanCorp will receive 1.178 shares of the
Company s common stock for each share of Virginia BanCorp common stock they own. After the merger is completed, the Company s shareholders will own approximately 51% of the stock of the Company and Virginia BanCorp s shareholders will
own approximately 49%. The merger is expected to be completed early in the second quarter of 2017, subject to approval of both companies  shareholders, regulatory approvals, and other customary closing conditions. As of September 30, 2016,
Virginia BanCorp, Inc. total assets were approximately $325.1 million and total stockholders  equity was $35.7 million.    Earnings for the nine months
ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 were $2.0 million and $956 thousand, respectively. This is an improvement of $1.0 million, or 105.4%, year over year. Improvements in net interest income and non-interest income all contributed to the increase.
Net interest income grew by $858 thousand, non-interest income grew by $705 thousand and provision for loan losses increased by $53 thousand. Return on average assets improved to 0.57% from 0.31% for the same comparable period, and return on average
equity improved to 6.44% from 3.23%.    The in-house loan portfolio grew by $21.0 million, or 6.0%, during the first nine months of 2016. Loans originated
and sold to Fannie Mae generated growth of $4.8 million in that servicing portfolio since December 31, 2015. The portfolio of loans serviced for Fannie Mae totaled $76.4 million as of September 30, 2016 compared to $71.6 million as of
December 31, 2015 and $70.6 million as of September 30, 2015. In the third quarter of 2016, the Company sold its credit card loan portfolio to an unaffiliated third party. This sale is providing improved customer service for cardholders
and reducing the Company s exposure to credit card fraud and security breaches. The Company realized a gain of approximately $150 thousand on the sale of the credit card loan portfolio.  
 The net interest margin declined to 3.39% for the first nine months of 2016 compared to 3.49% for the same period in 2015 as new loans are originated at rates
lower than existing loans. Expansion into Richmond has generated $60.2 million of loans in that market as of September 30, 2016. Loans in the Richmond market grew $17.8 million in the nine months ended September 30, 2016.  
 Growth in loans requires growth in deposits or other borrowings in order to fund those loans, and retail deposits have grown $16.5 million in the nine months
ended September 30, 2016. This deposit growth has allowed the Company to reduce borrowings from the FHLB by $15.0 million during that same time frame.  
 Loans past due or non-accruing have declined by $2.1 million to $6.3 million in the nine months ended September 30, 2016. Asset quality remains good with
non-performing assets down to 1.7% of total assets at September 30, 2016 compared to 1.8% at December 31, 2015.    Finally, the Company s
core capital levels and regulatory ratios remain well above what is considered  well capitalized  by the Company s regulators.    For more
information, visit the Company s website at www.baybanks.com. Information contained on the Company s website is not a part of this report.  
  EARNINGS SUMMATION     For the three months ended
September 30, 2016 and 2015, net income was $854 thousand and $281 thousand, respectively, an increase of $573 thousand or 203.9%. Diluted earnings per average share for the three months ended September30, 2016 and 2015 were $0.18 and $0.06,
respectively. The primary factors in the increase were $439 thousand in net interest income related to loan growth, a $180 thousand gain from sales of investments, a $150 thousand gain from the sale of the VISA credit card portfolio and a $56
thousand increase in fees related to fiduciary activities. These increases were partially offset by an increase in the provision for loan losses of $175 thousand. Annualized return on average assets was 0.72% for the third quarter of 2016 compared
to 0.26% for the third quarter of 2015. Annualized return on average equity was 8.16% and 2.82% for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively.  
      26  

Table of Contents  

  For the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, net income was $2.0 million and $956 thousand,
respectively, an increase of $1.0 million or 105.4%. Diluted earnings per average share for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 were $0.41 and $0.20, respectively. The primary factors in the increase were $858 thousand in net
interest income related to higher loan balances and improved yields on investments securities, a $286 thousand increase in gains realized on the sales of securities and a $150 thousand gain recognized on the sale of the VISA credit card portfolio.
These increases were partially offset by higher interest expense of $503 thousand related to additional money market accounts, the issuance of subordinated debt in May 2015, and an increase of $53 thousand in the provision for loan losses.
Annualized return on average assets was 0.57% for the first nine months of 2016 compared to 0.31% for the first nine months of 2015. Annualized return on average equity was 6.44% and 3.23% for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015,
respectively.    The table below details certain financial and statistical information for the Company relating to income and returns.  
  Return on Equity   Assets       
    RESULTS OF OPERATIONS   
 The principal source of earnings for the Company is net interest income. Net interest income is the amount by which interest income exceeds interest expense.
The net interest margin is net interest income expressed as a percentage of assets which earn interest. Changes in the volume and mix of assets which earn interest and liabilities that bear interest, the associated yields and rates, and the volume
of non-performing assets have an effect on net interest income, the net interest margin, and net income.  
      27  

Table of Contents  

    FOR THE THREE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2016 COMPARED TO THE THREE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2015
      NET INTEREST INCOME       
    Notes:       

(1) 
 Income and yield assumes a federal tax rate of 34%.    

(2) 
 Includes loan fees and nonaccrual loans.      Interest income for the three months ended September 30, 2016,
on a tax-equivalent basis, was $4.6 million, an increase of $485 thousand from the third quarter of 2015, due mainly to increases in loan balances, additional investment securities and higher yields on investments. Interest expense for the three
months ended September 30, 2016 was $889 thousand, an increase of $36 thousand from the third quarter of 2015, due primarily to increases in deposits, which supported loan growth. Net interest income for the three months ended
September 30, 2016, on a tax-equivalent basis, was $3.7 million, an increase of $449 thousand from the third quarter of 2015.    The annualized net
interest margin was 3.40% and 3.30% for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. This increase is due primarily to higher investment yields of 3.10% in the third quarter of 2016 compared to 2.43% in the third quarter of
2015, plus reduced costs of money market accounts and time deposits. The net interest margin increase was partially offset by reductions in loan yields, to 4.63% for the third quarter of 2016 from 4.69% for the third quarter of 2015, as market rates
remain historically low and new loans are made at rates lower than existing loans. The cost of funds declined to 0.83% for the third quarter of 2016 from 0.89% for the third quarter of 2015, a result of higher non-interest bearing deposit balances
and lower costs of time deposits.    The net interest spread, which is the difference between the annualized yield on earning assets and the total cost of
funds, increased to 3.38% for the three months ended September 30, 2016, compared to 3.28% for the three months ended September 30, 2015.  
  NON-INTEREST INCOME     Non-interest income for the third
quarter of 2016 increased by $565 thousand, or 73.1%, compared to the third quarter of 2015. Contributing to this increase was a $178 thousand increase in gains on the sale of investments, a $150 thousand gain recognized on the sale of the VISA
credit card portfolio, a $56 thousand increase in fiduciary fees from the Trust Company and a reduction of $161 thousand in losses from OREO.  
      28  

Table of Contents  

   NON-INTEREST EXPENSE   
 For both the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, non-interest expenses totaled $3.6 million. Salaries and employee benefits declined $78
thousand quarter over quarter as the result of the staff reductions in December 2015 and August 2016.      FOR THE NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2016
COMPARED TO THE NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2015       NET INTEREST INCOME   
   
    Notes:       

(1) 
 Income and yield assumes a federal tax rate of 34%.    

(2) 
 Includes loan fees and nonaccrual loans.      Interest income for the nine months ended September 30, 2016,
on a tax-equivalent basis, was $13.5 million, an increase of $1.4 million from the first nine months of 2015, due mainly to increases in loan balances. Interest expense for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was $2.7 million, an increase
of $503 thousand from the first nine months of 2015, due primarily to subordinated debt that was issued in May 2015, higher costs of FHLB advances and increases in money market deposits in Richmond, which supported loan growth. Net interest income
for the first nine months of 2016, on a tax-equivalent basis, was $10.8 million, an increase of $919 thousand from the same period of 2015.    The
annualized net interest margin was 3.39% and 3.49% for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. As shown in the volume and rate analysis table, the change is due to the following factors: (1) reductions in loan
yields, to 4.60% for the first nine months of 2016 from 4.78% for the first nine months of 2015, as market rates remain historically low and new loans are made at rates lower than existing loans, which resulted in rate-related reductions in interest
income of $478 thousand; and (2) the cost of funds increased to 0.85% for the first nine months of 2016 from 0.78% for the first nine months of 2015, which was due to the higher cost of FHLB advances and resulted in rate-related increases in
interest expense of $105 thousand.    The net interest spread, which is the difference between the annualized yield on earning assets and the total cost of
funds, increased to 3.75% for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared to 3.47% for the nine months ended September 30, 2015.  
      29  

Table of Contents  

  The following table details the volume and rate changes to net interest income.  
  Volume and Rate Analysis of Changes in Net Interest Income       
    Notes:       

(1) 
 Changes caused by the combination of rate and volume are allocated based on the percentage caused by each.    

(2) 
 Income and yields are reported on a tax-equivalent basis, assuming a federal tax rate of 34%.       INTEREST
SENSITIVITY     The Company employs a variety of measurement techniques to identify and manage its exposure to changing interest rates and subsequent
changes in liquidity. The Company utilizes simulation models that estimate the effect of interest rate changes on net interest income and the economic value of equity. The Bank uses an asset-liability management consultant to assist with the
management of interest rate risk, liquidity risk and balance sheet strategy. The Bank s Asset Liability Committee (the  ALCO ) is responsible for monitoring interest rate risk and is composed of appointed members from management and
the Board of Directors. Through the use of simulations, the ALCO reviews the overall magnitude of interest rate risk and then formulates policy with which to manage asset growth, funding sources, pricing, and off-balance sheet commitments. These
decisions are based on management s plans for growth, expectations regarding future interest rate movements, economic conditions both locally and nationally, and other business and risk factors.  
 The simulation models indicate that the Bank s balance sheet is neutral to asset sensitive, which management believes is favorable in the current low
interest rate environment. This means that as rates rise, interest-earning assets should reprice as fast or faster than interest-bearing liabilities, allowing interest income to rise as fast or faster than interest expense. Thus, net interest income
should remain stable or grow. Moderate growth in the balance sheet is expected to assure continued growth in net interest income.     NON-INTEREST INCOME
    Non-interest income for the first nine months of 2016 increased by $705 thousand, or 27.4%, compared to the first nine months of 2015. Contributing to
this increase was an increase of $286 thousand in gains on the sale of investments, a $150 thousand gain recognized on the sale of the VISA credit card portfolio, an increase of $107 thousand in fiduciary fees from the Trust Company and a decrease
of $153 thousand in losses related to OREO sales and write-downs.  
      30  

Table of Contents  

   NON-INTEREST EXPENSE   
 Non-interest expense increased $35 thousand, or 0.3% and was $10.9 million and $10.8 million for the first nine months of 2016 and 2015, respectively. The
primary driver of this increase was Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation deposit insurance assessments which increased by $80 thousand as a result of a higher assessment base compared to 2015 and a $44 thousand increase in bank franchise taxes,
which were partially offset by a decrease in salaries and employee benefits of $96 thousand due to staff reductions in December 2015 and August 2016.  
  FINANCIAL CONDITION      Average Interest-Earning Assets
and Average Interest-Bearing Liabilities     Average interest-earning assets increased 12.6% to $427.1 million for the nine months ended
September 30, 2016, as compared to $379.3 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015, due mainly to higher loan balances. Average interest-earning assets as a percent of total average assets were 92.9% for the nine months ended
September 30, 2016 as compared to 92.5% for the same period in 2015. The loan portfolio, with $351.8 million in average balances as of September 30, 2016, is the largest category of interest-earning assets.  
 Average interest-bearing liabilities increased 12.8% to $345.7 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, as compared to $306.4 million for
the nine months ended September 30, 2015, due primarily to the growth in money market deposits in the Richmond branches. The largest category of interest-bearing liabilities is time deposits, with combined average balances of $128.8 million for
the nine months ended September 30, 2016, up from $120.0 million for the similar period in 2015. Average balances of money market deposit accounts increased by $28.6 million to $86.1 million for the first nine months of 2016 compared to the
same period in 2015 primarily attributable to growth in the Richmond, Virginia market.     Loans   
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, gross loans increased by $21.0 million or 6.0%, to $368.2 million from $347.2 million at year-end 2015.
The largest components of this increase were increases of $21.0 million related to residential mortgages.     Types of Loans   
   
    Notes:     Deferred loan
costs and fees not included.    Loan Maturity Schedule of Selected Loans  
  As of September 30, 2016       
 
      31  

Table of Contents  

   Asset Quality   Provision and Allowance for Loan Losses   
 The provision for loan losses is a charge against earnings that is necessary to maintain the allowance for loan losses at a level consistent with
management s evaluation of the loan portfolio s inherent risk.    As shown in the following table, the provision for loan losses was $407 thousand
for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, $1.6 million in 2015 and $611 thousand in 2014. The ALL was $3.7 million as of September 30, 2016, $4.2 million as of December 31, 2015 and $3.2 million as of December 31, 2014. The
increase in the provision expense and ALL in 2015 was due primarily to additional impairment reserves for one commercial borrower who pleaded guilty in a federal court to  Willful Failure to Collect or Pay Over Employment Tax  and admitted
to regularly and deliberately creating false financial statements for submission to financial institutions in order to encourage banks to lend new funds to his affiliated companies, or to enable the renewal of existing loans to such entities. As of
September 30, 2016, management considered the allowance for loan losses to be sufficient to cover estimated potential loss exposure inherent in the loan portfolio.      
  Allowance for Loan Losses       
   The ratio of the allowance for loan losses to total loans was 1.02 %, 1.22% and 1.07% as of September 30,
2016, December 31, 2015 and December 31, 2014, respectively.     Allocation of the Allowance for Loan Losses   
   
    Non-Performing Assets   
 Non-performing assets, which include OREO and non-performing loans, decreased by $514 thousand to $7.8 million, or 1.7% of total assets as of
September 30, 2016 compared to $8.3 million as of December 31, 2015. This decrease is primarily related to a decrease of $1.6 million in non-accruing loans partially offset by an increase of $894 thousand of OREO and $167 thousand in loans
past 90 days or more and still accruing. The increase in OREO was attributable to the foreclosure of two properties related to the above-mentioned commercial borrower who perpetrated fraud against the Bank.  
      32  

Table of Contents  

  Loans charged off during the first nine months of 2016, net of recoveries, totaled $862 thousand compared to $185
thousand for the first nine months of 2015, primarily due to the aforementioned commercial borrower. This represents an increase in the annualized net charge-off ratio to 0.32% for the first nine months of 2016 compared to 0.08% for the first nine
months of 2015. Nearly all of those charge-offs were anticipated and specific reserves had been provided for them in the ALL. Management believes it is maintaining an adequate level of the ALL at 1.02% of total loans at September 30, 2016 and
1.22% at December 31, 2015. The reduction is due mainly to anticipated declines in the specific components of the ALL. Historical loss factors have increased and qualitative factors are unchanged.  
  Non-Performing Assets       
   The Bank had $2.8 million and $1.9 million of OREO at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively. As of
September 30, 2016, OREO consists of three residences, six lots, one former convenience store, one former restaurant and three commercial business properties. During the first nine months of 2016, four properties with a total book value of $1.3
million from three borrowers were added through foreclosure, and five properties with a total book value of $402 thousand were sold. There were $53 thousand of write-downs of OREO properties during the first nine months of 2016, compared to $159
thousand for the same period in 2015. All properties maintained as OREO are valued at the lesser of cost or fair value less estimated costs to sell and are actively marketed.  
 Classified assets, which include loans with risk rating grades of substandard, doubtful and loss, plus OREO, increased by $1.1 million during the first nine
months of 2016 to $12.1 million, or 27.3% of Tier 1 capital plus the allowance for loan losses. Risk rating grades are assigned conservatively, causing some homogenous loans, such as residential mortgages, to fall into the pool of adversely risk
rated loans and thereby evaluated for impairment, even though they may be performing as agreed and therefore not impaired.    As of September 30, 2016,
loans valued at $10.5 million were considered impaired, whereas $10.8 million were considered impaired as of December 31, 2015. Between December 31, 2015 and September 30, 2016, nine additional loans were identified as impaired, two
dispensed through foreclosure and charged-off, one was paid off and three were upgraded. Management has reviewed the impaired credits and the underlying collateral and the current losses have been specifically reserved.  
  Securities     Investment securities totaled $52.6 million,
$54.1 million and $40.4 million as of September 30, 2016, December 31, 2015 and December 31, 2014, respectively.    .  
      33  

Table of Contents  

The Company currently classifies the entire investment portfolio as available-for-sale in order that it may be considered a
source of liquidity, if necessary. Securities available-for-sale are carried at fair market value, with after-tax unrealized gains or losses disclosed as a component of comprehensive income. The after-tax unrealized gains or losses are recorded as a
portion of other comprehensive income in the equity of the Company, but have no impact on earnings until such time as the gain or loss is realized, typically at the time of sale. As of September 30, 2016, December 31, 2015 and
December 31, 2014, the Company had accumulated other comprehensive gains net of deferred tax related to securities available-for-sale of $506 thousand, $107 thousand and $45 thousand, respectively.  
 The investment portfolio shows a net unrealized gain of $794 thousand on September 30, 2016, $166 thousand on December 31, 2015, and $68 thousand on
December 31, 2014.    As of September 30, 2016, securities available-for-sale at fair value totaled $52.6 million as compared to $54.1 million on
December 31, 2015. This represents a net decrease of $1.5 million or 2.8% for the nine months ended September 30, 2016. As of September 30, 2016, available-for-sale securities represented 11.2% of total assets and 12.2% of earning
assets.    The bank owned life insurance s cash surrender value as of September 30, 2016 was $9.8 million. During the third quarter of 2016, the
Company bought an additional $2.0 million of insurance. The insurance s purpose is to offset the cost of employee benefits.    Impairment of securities
occurs when the fair value of a security is less than its amortized cost. For debt securities, impairment is considered other-than-temporary and recognized in net income if (i) there is evidence of credit related impairment; (ii) the Company
intends to sell the security or (iii) it is more-likely-than-not that the Company will be required to sell the security before recovery of its amortized cost basis. As a result, temporary impairment can occur with rising interest rates, since
the market value of a fixed income investment will fall as interest rates rise. Conversely, market values will increase as interest rates fall.    The
Company seeks to diversify its assets to minimize risk by maintaining a large portion of its investment portfolio in securities issued by states and political subdivisions. Many of these types of securities also provide tax benefits. Mortgage-backed
securities and collateralized mortgage obligations held in the investment portfolio provide liquidity via cashflows, and are solely issued by agencies of the U.S. government. The Company owns no derivatives, and participates in no hedging
activities.  
      34  

Table of Contents  

  Investment Maturities and Average Yields  
  As of September 30, 2016       
    Notes:     Yields on
tax-exempt securities have been computed on a tax-equivalent basis.     Deposits   
 As of September 30, 2016, total deposits were $378.0 million compared to $359.9 million at year-end 2015. This represents an increase in balances of $18.1
million or 5.0% during the nine months. The increase was driven by a $8.8 million increase in savings and interest bearing deposits, an increase of $524 thousand in time deposits and a $8.8 million increase in noninterest-bearing deposits.  
  Average Deposits and Rates       
    Maturity Schedule of Time Deposits of $100,000 and over   

35  

Table of Contents  

   LIQUIDITY   
 Liquidity represents an institution s ability to meet present and future financial obligations (such as commitments to fund loans) through either the sale
or maturity of existing assets or the acquisition of additional funds through liability management. Liquid assets include cash, interest-bearing deposits with other banks, federal funds sold and investments and loans maturing within one year. The
Company s ability to obtain deposits and purchase funds at favorable rates are major factors for liquidity. Management believes that the Company maintains overall liquidity that is sufficient to satisfy its depositors  requirements and to
meet its customers  credit needs.    At September 30, 2016, cash totaled $5.3 million, federal funds sold totaled $460 thousand, interest-bearing
deposits totaled $6.3 million, securities, certificates of deposit and investments maturing in one year or less totaled $1.3 million and loans maturing in one year or less totaled $27.3 million. This results in a liquidity ratio of 8.7% as of
September 30, 2016 as compared to 12.1% as of December 31, 2015. The Company determines this ratio by dividing the sum of cash and cash equivalents, investment securities maturing in one year or less, loans maturing in one year or less and
federal funds sold, by total assets. The Bank has a formal liquidity management policy and contingency plan, which includes periodic evaluation of cash flow projections.  
 The table below presents selected information on short-term borrowings:      
   The parent company has no substantial operations of its own, so its primary sources of liquidity are fees received from the
Bank, interest on investments and borrowings. The parent company s liquid assets consisted of cash and investment securities totaling $3.6 million as of September 30, 2016. The parent company has sufficient liquidity to meet its
obligations and provide a source of capital for the Bank.    FHLB advances have declined by $15.0 million since December 31, 2015, to $25.0 million as
of September 30, 2016. This reduction was funded from deposit growth.    On May 28, 2015, the Company issued an aggregate of $7,000,000 of
subordinated notes (the  Notes ). The Notes have a maturity date of May 28, 2025. The Notes bear interest, payable on the 1st of March and September of each year, commencing September 1, 2015, at a fixed interest rate of
6.50% per year. The Notes are not convertible into common stock or preferred stock, and are not callable by the holders. The Company has the right to redeem the Notes, in whole or in part, without premium or penalty, at any interest payment
date on or after May 28, 2020 and prior to the maturity date, but in all cases in a principal amount with integral multiples of $1,000, plus interest accrued and unpaid through the date of redemption. If an event of default occurs, such as the
bankruptcy of the Company, the holder of a Note may declare the principal amount of the Note to be due and immediately payable. The Notes are unsecured, subordinated obligations of the Company and will rank junior in right of payment to the
Company s existing and future senior indebtedness. The Notes qualify as Tier 2 capital for regulatory reporting.    As of September 30, 2016,
securities sold under repurchase agreements increased by $5.8 million to $13.0 million from $7.2 million at December 31, 2015. This increase was the result of one new account.  
 In addition, the Bank has a line of credit with the FHLB worth $115.7 million, with $84.7 million available, plus federal funds lines of credit with
correspondent banks totaling $21.5 million.    The following table presents the Company s contractual obligations and scheduled payment amounts,
excluding interest, due at various intervals over the next five years and beyond as of September 30, 2016:      
   As of September 30, 2016, the Company was not aware of any other known trends, events or uncertainties that have or are
reasonably likely to have a material impact on liquidity.  
      36  

Table of Contents  

   CAPITAL RESOURCES   
 Capital resources represent funds, earned or obtained, over which a financial institution can exercise greater long-term control in comparison with deposits
and borrowed funds. The adequacy of the Company s capital is reviewed by management on an ongoing basis with reference to size, composition and quality of the Company s resources, and consistency with regulatory requirements and industry
standards. Management seeks to maintain a capital structure that will assure an adequate level of capital to support anticipated asset growth and to absorb potential losses, yet allows management to effectively leverage its capital to maximize
return to shareholders. The Company s capital, also known as shareholders  equity, is comprised mainly of outstanding common stock and retained earnings. Capital can be increased with securities offerings or through earnings.  
 Several factors impact shareholders  equity, including net income and regulatory capital requirements. The Company s capital resources are also
impacted by net unrealized gains or losses on securities. The available-for-sale securities portfolio is marked to market monthly and unrealized gains or losses, net of taxes, are recognized as accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) on the
balance sheets and statement of changes in shareholders  equity. Another factor affecting accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) is changes in the market value of the Company s pension and post-retirement benefit plans and changes
in the plan obligations. The Company s shareholders  equity before accumulated other comprehensive loss was $42.3 million on September 30, 2016 compared to $40.3 million on December 31, 2015. Accumulated other comprehensive loss
decreased by $399 thousand between December 31, 2015 and September 30, 2016, primarily as a result of increases in unrealized net gains in the investment portfolio.  
 Book value per share, before accumulated other comprehensive loss, on September 30, 2016, compared to December 31, 2015, increased to $8.86 from
$8.45. Book value per share, including accumulated other comprehensive loss, increased to $8.79 on September 30, 2016 from $8.29 on December 31, 2015. No cash dividends were paid for the nine month period ended September 30, 2016, nor
for the comparable period ended September 30, 2015.    One source of funds available to the Company is the payment of dividends by the Bank. Banking
regulations limit the amount of dividends that may be paid without prior approval from the Bank s regulators.    The Bank is subject to minimum
regulatory capital ratios as defined by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (the  Federal Reserve ). As of September 30, 2016, the Bank s capital ratios continue to be well in excess of regulatory minimums.  
 In July 2013, the Federal Reserve issued final rules that made the changes to its capital rules to align them with the Basel III regulatory capital framework
and meet certain requirements of the Dodd-Frank Act. Effective January 1, 2015, the final rules require the Bank to comply with the following minimum capital ratios: (i) a new Common Equity Tier 1 capital ratio of 4.5% of risk-weighted
assets; (ii) a Tier 1 capital ratio of 6.0% of risk-weighted assets (increased from the prior requirement of 4.0%); (iii) a total capital ratio of 8.0% of risk-weighted assets (unchanged from the prior requirement); and (iv) a
leverage ratio of 4.0% of total assets (unchanged from the prior requirement). The following additional capital requirements related to the capital conservation buffer are being phased in over a four year period beginning January 1, 2016. When
fully phased in on January 1, 2019, the rules will require the Bank to maintain (i) a minimum ratio of Common Equity Tier 1 to risk-weighted assets of at least 4.5%, plus a 2.5%  capital conservation buffer  (which is added to
the 4.5% Common Equity Tier 1 ratio as that buffer is phased in, effectively resulting in a minimum ratio of Common Equity Tier 1 to risk-weighted assets of at least 7.0% upon full implementation), (ii) a minimum ratio of Tier 1 capital to
risk-weighted assets of at least 6.0%, plus the 2.5% capital conservation buffer (which is added to the 6.0% Tier 1 capital ratio as that buffer is phased in, effectively resulting in a minimum Tier 1 capital ratio of 8.5% upon full implementation),
(iii) a minimum ratio of total capital to risk-weighted assets of at least 8.0%, plus the 2.5% capital conservation buffer (which is added to the 8.0% total capital ratio as that buffer is phased in, effectively resulting in a minimum total
capital ratio of 10.5% upon full implementation), and (iv) a minimum leverage ratio of 4.0%, calculated as the ratio of Tier 1 capital to average assets. The capital conservation buffer requirement is being phased in beginning January 1,
2016, at 0.625% of risk-weighted assets, increasing by the same amount each year until fully implemented at 2.5% on January 1, 2019. The capital conservation buffer is designed to absorb losses during periods of economic stress. Banking
institutions with a ratio of Common Equity Tier 1 to risk-weighted assets above the minimum but below the conservation buffer will face constraints on dividends, equity repurchases and compensation based on the amount of the shortfall. As of
September 30, 2016, the Bank maintained Common Equity Tier 1 capital of $41.5 million, Tier 1 capital of $41.5 million, risk weighted assets of $331.8 million, and total risk-based capital of $45.2 million. As of September 30, 2016, all
ratios were in excess of the fully phased-in requirements, with the Common Equity Tier 1 ratio at 12.50% of risk-weighted assets, the Tier 1 capital ratio at 12.50% of risk-weighted assets, the total capital ratio at 13.63% of risk-weighted assets,
and the Tier 1 leverage ratio at 8.91% of total assets.     OFF BALANCE SHEET COMMITMENTS   
 In the normal course of business, the Company offers various financial products to its customers to meet their credit and liquidity needs. These instruments
may involve elements of liquidity, credit and interest rate risk in excess of the amount recognized in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. The Company s exposure to credit loss in the event of nonperformance by the other party to the financial
instruments for commitments to extend credit and standby-letters of credit is represented by the contractual amount of these instruments. Subject to its normal credit standards and risk monitoring procedures, the Company makes contractual
commitments to extend credit. Commitments generally have fixed expiration dates or other termination clauses and may require payment of a fee. Since many of the commitments may expire without being completely drawn upon, the total commitment amounts
do not necessarily represent future cash requirements. Conditional commitments are issued by the Company in the form of performance stand-by letters of credit, which guarantee the performance of a customer to a third-party. The credit risk of
issuing letters of credit is essentially the same as that involved in extending loan facilities to customers.  
      37  

Table of Contents  

   Off Balance Sheet Arrangements   
   
   The Company maintains liquidity and credit facilities with non-affiliated banks in excess of the total loan commitments and
stand-by letters of credit. As these commitments are earning assets only upon takedown of the instrument by the customer, thereby increasing loan balances, management expects the revenue of the Company to be enhanced as these credit facilities are
utilized.    There have been no material changes to the off balance sheet items disclosed in  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operation  in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015.  
  CONTRACTUAL OBLIGATIONS     There have been no other
material changes outside the ordinary course of business to the contractual obligations disclosed in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015.  
  RECENT ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS     Refer to Note 3,
Amendments to the Accounting Standards Codification, in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements contained in Item 1 of this report, for information related to the adoption of new amendments to the Accounting Standards Codification.
      ITEM 3. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK   
 Not required.       ITEM 4.
CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES     EVALUATION OF DISCLOSURE CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES  
 As of the end of the period to which this report relates, the Company has carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of the
Company s management, including the Company s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures pursuant to Rule 13a-14 of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934. In designing and evaluating its disclosure controls and procedures, management recognized that disclosure controls and procedures, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute,
assurance that objectives of the disclosure controls and procedures are met. The design of any disclosure controls and procedures is also based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance
that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential conditions. Based upon their evaluation, the Company s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that the Company s disclosure controls and
procedures are effective in timely alerting them to material information relating to the Company (including its consolidated subsidiaries) required to be included in the Company s periodic Securities and Exchange Commission filings as of
September 30, 2016.    CHANGES IN INTERNAL CONTROLS OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING  
 There was no change to the Company s internal control over financial reporting during the three months ended September 30, 2016 that materially
affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting.       PART
II - OTHER INFORMATION        ITEM 1. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS   
 In the ordinary course of its operations, the Company is a party to various legal proceedings. Based upon information currently available, management believes
that such legal proceedings, in the aggregate, will not have a material adverse effect on the business, financial condition, or results of operations of the Company.  
      38  

Table of Contents  

     ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS   
 Not required.       ITEM 2.
UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS     On December 17, 2014, the Company announced a share repurchase program pursuant to
which it is authorized to repurchase up to 240,892 shares of its common stock. The share repurchase program was authorized to last through December 31, 2015. On November 12, 2015, the Board of Directors extended the share repurchase
program until December 31, 2016. A total of 43,000 shares have been repurchased as of September 30, 2016. No share repurchases have been made during 2016.  
    ITEM 3. DEFAULT UPON SENIOR SECURITIES   
 None to report.       ITEM 4. MINE
SAFETY DISCLOSURES     Not applicable.      
 ITEM 
5. OTHER INFORMATION     None to report.      
 ITEM 6. EXHIBITS       
 
      39  

Table of Contents  

  SIGNATURES  
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned
thereunto duly authorized.      

Bay Banks of Virginia, Inc.  

(Registrant) 

November 14, 2016 

By: 
   
   /s/ Randal R. Greene  

Randal R. Greene 

President and Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

By: 
   
   /s/ Deborah M. Evans  

Deborah M. Evans 

Treasurer and Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

40  

<EX-31.1>
 2
 d235154dex311.htm
 EX-31.1

EX-31.1 

Exhibit 31.1   
  CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER   
  Section 302 Certification     I, Randal
R. Greene, certify that:    1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Bay Banks of Virginia, Inc.;  
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to
make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;  
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;  
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:  
 (a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;  
 (b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;  
 (c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report conclusions about the
effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and  
 (d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the
registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial
reporting; and    5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal
control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):  
 (a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and  
 (b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting.      

/s/ Randal R. Greene  

Dated: November 14, 2016              
 
 Randal R. Greene 

President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 d235154dex312.htm
 EX-31.2

EX-31.2 

Exhibit 31.2   
  CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER   
  Section 302 Certification     I, Deborah
M. Evans, certify that:    1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Bay Banks of Virginia, Inc.;  
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to
make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;  
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;  
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:  
 (a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;  
 (b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;  
 (c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report conclusions about the
effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and  
 (d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the
registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over
financial reporting; and    5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of
internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):  
 (a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and  
 (b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting.      

/s/ Deborah M. Evans  

Dated: November 14, 2016              
 
 Deborah M. Evans 

Treasurer and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 d235154dex321.htm
 EX-32.1

EX-32.1 

Exhibit 32.1   
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  
 In connection with the Quarterly Report of Bay Banks of Virginia, Inc. (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the period ending
September 30, 2016, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), the undersigned Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of the Company hereby certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.
 1350, as adopted pursuant to  906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 that based on their knowledge and belief: 1) the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and 2)
the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company as of and for the periods covered in the Report.  

/s/ Randal R. Greene  

Randal R. Greene, President and Chief Executive Officer 

/s/ Deborah M. Evans  

Deborah M. Evans, Treasurer and Chief Financial Officer 

November 14, 2016  
 A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 will be retained by Bay Banks of
Virginia, Inc., and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission and its staff upon request.  

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.INS>
 5
 bayk-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 bayk-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 bayk-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 bayk-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 bayk-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 bayk-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

