<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161207_10-Q_edgar_data_1399935_0001144204-16-138383_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>2053443</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>102387</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>127441</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>479964</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>835802</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>444752</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>39</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001144204-16-138383.hdr.sgml : 20161207
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161207163148
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001144204-16-138383
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		43
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20161029
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161207
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161207

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Francesca's Holdings CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001399935
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	RETAIL-APPAREL & ACCESSORY STORES [5600]
		IRS NUMBER:				208874704
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0128

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-35239
		FILM NUMBER:		162039383

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		8760 CLAY ROAD
		CITY:			Houston
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			77080
		BUSINESS PHONE:		713-864-1358

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		8760 CLAY ROAD
		CITY:			Houston
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			77080

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001144204-16-138383.txt : 20161207

10-Q
 1
 v453697_10q.htm
 10-Q

UNITED STATES  

  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION  

  Washington, D.C. 20549  

FORM 10-Q  

For the Quarterly Period Ended October
29, 2016  

OR   

For the Transition Period From             
to                

Commission File Number: 001-35239   

FRANCESCA S HOLDINGS CORPORATION

(Exact name of registrant as specified
in its charter)   

(713) 864-1358   

  (Registrant s telephone number,
including area code)   

None   

  (Former name, former address and former
fiscal year, if changed since last report)   

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed
all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months
(or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing
requirements for the past   90 days .     Yes    x       No       

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted
electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant
to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the
registrant was required to submit and post such files).    Yes    x       No   

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated
filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated
filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer 
      x  
     Accelerated filer 

Non-accelerated filer 
           (Do not check if a smaller reporting company) 
     Smaller reporting company 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company
(as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes          No    x  

The registrant had 37,781,704 shares (excluding 8,310,494 of
treasury stock) of its common stock outstanding as of November 15, 2016. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS  

PART I.  
       FINANCIAL INFORMATION   
     3  

Item 1. 
      Financial Statements  
     3  

Unaudited Consolidated Balance Sheets as of October 29, 2016, January 30, 2016 and October 31, 2015  
     3  

Unaudited Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Thirteen and Thirty-Nine Weeks Ended October 29, 2016 and October 31, 2015  
     4  

Unaudited Consolidated Statement of Changes in Stockholders  Equity for the Thirty-Nine Weeks Ended October 29, 2016  
     5  

Unaudited Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Thirty-Nine Weeks Ended October 29, 2016 and October 31, 2015  
     6  

Notes to the Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements  
     7  

Item 2. 
      Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  
     12  

Item 3. 
      Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk  
     18  

Item 4. 
      Controls and Procedures  
     18  

PART II.  
       OTHER INFORMATION   
     19  

Item 1. 
      Legal Proceedings  
     19  

Item 1A. 
      Risk Factors  
     19  

Item 2. 
      Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds  
     19  

Item 6. 
      Exhibits  
     19  

PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION  

    ITEM 1. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

Francesca s Holdings Corporation  

  Unaudited Consolidated Balance Sheets  

  (In thousands, except share amounts)  

The accompanying notes are an integral
part of these Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements.  

Francesca s Holdings Corporation  

  Unaudited Consolidated Statements of
Operations  

  (In thousands, except per share data)  

The accompanying notes are an integral
part of these Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements.  

Francesca s Holdings Corporation  

  Unaudited Consolidated Statement of Changes
in Stockholders  Equity  

  (In thousands)  

The accompanying notes are an integral
part of these Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements.  

Francesca s Holdings Corporation  

  Unaudited Consolidated Statements of
Cash Flows  

  (In thousands)  

The accompanying notes are an integral
part of these Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements . 

Francesca s Holdings Corporation  

  Notes to Unaudited Consolidated Financial
Statements  

1.    Summary of Significant Accounting Policies    

Nature of Business  

Francesca s Holdings Corporation
is a holding company incorporated in 2007 under the laws of the State of Delaware whose business operations are conducted
through its subsidiaries.  Unless the context otherwise requires, the  Company,  refers to Francesca s
Holdings Corporation and its consolidated subsidiaries. The Company operates a nationwide-chain of boutiques providing its customers
with a unique, fun and personalized shopping experience. The Company offers a diverse and balanced mix of apparel, jewelry, accessories
and gifts at attractive values. At October 29, 2016, the Company operated 669 boutiques, which are located in 48 states
throughout the United States and the District of Columbia, and its ecommerce website.     

Basis of Presentation  

The accompanying unaudited consolidated
financial statements have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America
( GAAP ) for interim financial statements and are in the form prescribed by the Securities and Exchange Commission
( SEC ). Accordingly, they do not include all of the information and footnotes required by GAAP for complete financial
statements. In the opinion of management, these unaudited financial statements include all adjustments, consisting of normal recurring
adjustments, considered necessary for a fair presentation of the Company s financial position, results of operations, changes
in equity, and cash flows at the dates and for the periods presented. The financial information as of January 30, 2016 was derived
from the Company s audited consolidated financial statements and notes thereto as of and for the fiscal year ended January
30, 2016 included in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on March 25, 2016. 

These unaudited interim consolidated financial
statements should be read in conjunction with the Company s audited consolidated financial statements and related notes as
of and for the fiscal year ended January 30, 2016 included in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Due to seasonal variations in the retail
industry, interim results are not necessarily indicative of results that may be expected for any other interim period or for a
full year. 

Principles of Consolidation  

The accompanying unaudited consolidated
financial statements include the accounts of the Company and all its subsidiaries. All intercompany balances and transactions have
been eliminated in consolidation. 

Fiscal Year  

The Company maintains its accounts on a
52- or 53-week year ending on the Saturday closest to January 31st. Fiscal years 2016 and 2015 each include 52 weeks of operations.
The fiscal quarters ended October 29, 2016 and October 31, 2015 refer to the thirteen week periods ended as of those dates. The
year-to-date periods ended October 29, 2016 and October 31, 2015 refer to the thirty-nine week periods ended as of those dates. 

Management Estimates and Assumptions  

The preparation of financial statements
in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities
and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues,
net of estimated sales returns, and expenses during the reporting periods. Actual results could differ materially from those estimates. 

Francesca s Holdings Corporation  

  Notes to Unaudited Consolidated Financial
Statements  

Recent Accounting Pronouncements  

In March 2016, the Financial Accounting
Standards Board ( FASB ) issued Accounting Standards Update ( ASU ) 2016-9,  Improvements to
Employee Share-Based Payment Arrangements , which amends Accounting Standards Codification ( ASC ) Topic 718, Stock
Compensation. The new guidance intends to simplify several aspects of the accounting for share-based payments, including income
tax consequences, classification of awards as either equity or liabilities, forfeitures and classification on the statement of
cash flows. ASU 2016-9 is effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2016, including interim periods within
that reporting period, with early adoption permitted. The new guidance  includes the
following adoption methods depending on the provision being adopted: (1) amendments related to the timing of when excess tax benefits
are recognized, minimum statutory withholding requirements and forfeitures should be applied using a modified retrospective transition
method, (2) amendments related to the presentation of employee taxes paid on the statement of cash flows should be applied retrospectively,
(3) amendments requiring recognition of excess tax benefits and deficiencies in the income statement should be applied prospectively,
and (4) amendments related to the presentation of excess tax benefits on the statement of cash flows should be applied either prospectively
or retrospectively.  The potential impact that the adoption of ASU 2016-9 will have on the Company s financial
statements during and after the period of adoption are dependent, in part, upon factors that are not fully controllable or predictable
by the Company, including future vesting of stock-based awards, market price of the Company s common stock, timing of employee
exercises of vested stock options and achievement of performance criteria that affect the vesting of performance-based awards.
However, based on the market price of the Company s common stock, its outstanding restricted stock awards and unexercised
stock options as of November 2, 2016, the Company anticipates that the adoption of this pronouncement will result in lower income
tax expense in fiscal year 2017 and this anticipated income tax benefit will be reported as a component of cash flows from operating
activities. Additionally, the Company will elect to recognize forfeitures as they occur which will result in approximately $0.1
million of pretax cumulative-effect adjustment to the beginning balance of retained earnings. 

In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-4
 Liabilities - Extinguishments of Liabilities (Subtopic 405-20), Recognition of Breakage for Certain Prepaid Stored-Value
Products.  The new guidance allows a company to derecognize amounts related to expected breakage to the extent that it is
probable that a significant reversal of the recognized breakage amount will not subsequently occur. ASU 2016-4 is effective for
annual periods, and interim periods within those annual periods, beginning after December 15, 2017, with early adoption permitted.
The amended standard may be adopted on either a modified retrospective or a retrospective basis. The Company is currently evaluating
the impact of adopting the new guidance on the consolidated financial statements. 

In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-2,
 Leases (Topic 842).  The new guidance, among other things, requires lessees to recognize the following for all leases
(with the exception of short-term leases) at the commencement date: (i) a lease liability, which is a lessee s obligation
to make lease payments arising from a lease, measured on a discounted basis and (ii) a right-of-use asset, which is an asset that
represents the lessee s right to use, or control the use of, a specified asset for the lease term. Under the new guidance,
lessor accounting is largely unchanged. Certain targeted improvements were made to align, where necessary, lessor accounting with
the lessee accounting model and Topic 606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers. ASU 2016-2 will be effective for public
business entities for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018, including interim periods within those fiscal years. Early
application is permitted for all public business entities upon issuance. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of adopting
the new guidance on the consolidated financial statements. 

In November 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-17,
 Income Taxes   Balance Sheet Classification of Deferred Taxes.  The new guidance simplifies the presentation
of deferred income taxes by permitting classification of all deferred tax assets and liabilities as noncurrent on the consolidated
balance sheet. The new guidance is effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2016, including interim periods within
that fiscal year, with early adoption permitted. The amended standard may be adopted on either a prospective or a retrospective
basis. The Company does not expect the adoption of this guidance to have a material impact on its consolidated financial statements. 

In July 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-11,
 Inventory (Topic 330): Simplifying the Measurement of Inventory,  which changes the measurement principle for inventory
from the lower of cost or market to the lower of cost and net realizable value.  ASU 2015-11 defines net realizable
value as estimated selling prices in the ordinary course of business, less reasonably predictable costs of completion, disposal,
and transportation.  The new guidance must be applied on a prospective basis and is effective for periods beginning after
December 15, 2016, with early adoption permitted.  The Company is currently evaluating the impact of adopting the new guidance
on the consolidated financial statements.  

In May 2014 the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-09,
 Revenue from Contracts with Customers.  This pronouncement requires entities to recognize revenue in a way that depicts
the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration which the entity expects to
be entitled to in exchange for those goods and services. In August 2015, the FASB deferred the effective date of ASU 2014-09. Accordingly,
this standard is effective for reporting periods beginning on or after December 15, 2017, including interim periods within that
fiscal year, with early adoption permitted for interim and annual periods beginning on or after December 15, 2016. Since the original
issuance of ASU 2014-09, the FASB has issued several amendments and updates to this guidance, and additional amendments and updates
are currently being considered by the FASB. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of adopting the new guidance, along
with the related amendments and updates, on the consolidated financial statements. 

2.    Earnings per Share    

Basic earnings per common share amounts
are calculated using the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding for the period. Diluted earnings per common share
amounts are calculated using the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding for the period and include the dilutive impact
of stock options and restricted stock grants using the treasury stock method. 

Francesca s Holdings Corporation  

  Notes to Unaudited Consolidated Financial
Statements  

The following table summarizes the potential
dilution that could occur if options to acquire common stock were exercised or if restricted stock grants were fully vested and
reconciles the weighted-average common shares outstanding used in the computation of basic and diluted earnings per share. 

Potentially issuable shares under the Company s
stock-based compensation plans amounting to 0.3 million shares in each of the thirteen and thirty-nine weeks ended October 29,
2016 and 0.4 million shares in each of the thirteen and thirty-nine weeks ended October 31, 2015 were excluded in the computation
of diluted earnings per share due to their anti-dilutive effect. The Company also excluded contingently issuable performance-based
awards totaling 0.3 million shares in each of the thirteen and thirty-nine weeks ended October 29, 2016 and 1.1 million shares
in each of the thirteen and thirty-nine weeks ended October 31, 2015 from the computation of diluted earnings per share because
the pre-established goals had not been satisfied as of the end of each period. 

3.    Fair Value Measurements    

Fair value is defined as the price that
would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the
measurement date. The carrying amount reflected in the consolidated balance sheets of financial assets and liabilities, which includes
cash and cash equivalents, accounts receivable, accounts payable and accrued liabilities, approximated their fair values due to
the short term nature of these financial assets and liabilities. 

4.    Income Taxes    

The provision for income taxes is based
on the Company s current estimate of the annual effective tax rate. The effective income tax rates for the thirteen and thirty-nine
weeks ended October 29, 2016 were 38.3% and 38.0%, respectively. The effective income tax rates for the thirteen and thirty-nine
weeks ended October 31, 2015 were 36.7% and 37.7%, respectively. The difference between our effective tax rate and federal statutory
rate is primarily related to state income taxes. 

5.    Revolving Credit Facility    

On August 30, 2013, Francesca s Collections,
Inc. (the  Borrower ), as borrower, and its parent company, Francesca s LLC, a wholly owned subsidiary of the
Company, entered into a Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement with Royal Bank of Canada, as Administrative Agent and Collateral
Agent, and the lenders party thereto. The credit facility provides capacity of $75.0 million (including up to $10.0 million
for letters of credit) and matures on August 30, 2018.  The facility also contains an option permitting the Borrower,
subject to certain requirements and conditions, to arrange with the lenders for additional incremental commitments up to an aggregate
of $25.0 million, subject to reductions in the event the Borrower has certain indebtedness outstanding.  At October
29, 2016, there were no borrowings outstanding under the revolving credit facility. 

The credit facility contains customary
events of default and requires the Borrower to comply with certain financial covenants. As of October 29, 2016, the Borrower was
in compliance with all covenants under the credit facility. The credit facility restricts the amount of dividends the Borrower
can pay; provided that the Borrower is permitted to pay dividends to the extent it has available capacity in its available investment
basket (as defined in the Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement), no default or event of default is continuing, certain
procedural requirements have been satisfied and the Borrower is in pro forma compliance with a maximum secured leverage ratio.
At October 29, 2016, the Borrower would have met the conditions for paying dividends out of the available investment basket. All
obligations under the credit facility are secured by substantially all the assets of the Borrower and any subsidiary guarantor,
if any. All obligations under the facility are unconditionally guaranteed by, subject to certain exceptions, Francesca s
LLC and each of the Borrower s existing and future direct and indirect wholly-owned domestic subsidiaries. 

Francesca s Holdings Corporation  

  Notes to Unaudited Consolidated Financial
Statements  

6.    Stock-based Compensation    

Stock-based compensation cost is measured
at the grant date fair value and is recognized as an expense on a straight-line basis over the employee s requisite service
period (generally the vesting period of the equity grant). The Company estimates forfeitures for grants that are not expected to
vest. The Company recognized $0.9 million and less than $0.1 million of stock-based compensation expense in the thirteen and thirty-nine
weeks ended October 29, 2016, respectively, and $0.8 million and $2.4 million of stock-based compensation expense in the thirteen
and thirty-nine weeks ended October 31, 2015, respectively. Stock-based compensation expense during the thirty-nine weeks ended
October 29, 2016 included a $2.6 million reversal of previously accrued stock-based compensation expense associated with the resignation
of the Company s previous Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer ( CEO ) discussed below. 

Resignation of the Chairman, President and Chief Executive
Officer  

On May 15, 2016, Michael W. Barnes resigned
from his positions as Chairman, President and CEO of the Company. As a result of such resignation, the following outstanding and
unvested stock-based awards previously granted to him were forfeited. 

Market- and service-based employee stock options providing Mr. Barnes with the right to purchase 1.0 million shares of the
Company s common stock granted in connection with his appointment as Chairman, President and CEO of the Company in December
2014; and   

Performance-and service-based restricted stock awards providing Mr. Barnes with the contingent right to receive 0.3 million
shares of the Company s common stock (based on the target number of shares for performance periods that have not yet been
completed and the number of earned shares for awards that relate to completed performance periods and are subject only to time-based
vesting).   

The resignation of Mr. Barnes resulted
in the reversal of $2.6 million of previously accrued stock-based compensation expense related to these unvested awards. This reversal
was recorded during the thirteen weeks ended July 30, 2016. 

Performance-based restricted stock awards  

The Company granted approximately 358,000
and 115,000 target shares of performance-based restricted stock to certain executives and key employees in March 2016 and March
2015, respectively. Awards are considered  granted  when the performance goals related to those awards have been established. 
The number of shares that may ultimately vest will equal 0% to 150% of the target shares subject to the achievement of pre-established
performance goals during the applicable performance period and the employees  continued employment through the third year
anniversary of the date on which the award was originally approved by the Compensation Committee. 

In connection with the performance-based
restricted stock awards, the Company recognized $0.4 million and $0.6 million of stock-based compensation expense in the thirteen
and thirty-nine weeks ended October 29, 2016, respectively and $0.2 million and $0.3 million in the thirteen and thirty-nine weeks
ended October 31, 2015, respectively. 

7.    Share Repurchases    

On September 3, 2013, the Company s
Board of Directors authorized a $100.0 million share repurchase program ( Previous Repurchase Plan ) commencing
on the same date.  In April 2016, the authorized amount was fully exhausted.  

On March 15, 2016, the Company s
Board of Directors authorized an additional $100.0 million share repurchase program ( New Repurchase Plan ), which
commenced immediately upon the exhaustion of the Previous Repurchase Plan. This authorization has no expiration date.  Under
the New Repurchase Plan, purchases can be made from time to time in the open market, in privately negotiated transactions, under
Rule 10b5-1 plans or through other available means.  The specific timing and amount of the repurchases is dependent on
market conditions, securities law limitations and other factors.   

Francesca s Holdings Corporation  

  Notes to Unaudited Consolidated Financial
Statements  

The following table summarizes the Company s
repurchase activity for the periods presented. The cost of repurchased shares is presented as treasury stock in the unaudited consolidated
balance sheets.   

At October 29, 2016, there was $68.8 million
remaining balance available for future purchases. 

Subsequent to October 29, 2016 through
December 2, 2016, the Company repurchased 144,000 shares of common stock for approximately $2.4 million or an average price
(including brokers  commission) of $16.41 per share. 

8.    Commitments and Contingencies    

Operating Leases   

The Company leases boutique space and office
space under operating leases expiring in various years through the fiscal year ending 2028. Certain of the leases provide that
the Company may cancel the lease, with penalties as defined in the lease, if the Company s boutique sales at that location
fall below an established level. Certain leases provide for additional rent payments to be made when sales exceed a base amount.
Certain operating leases provide for renewal options for periods from three to five years at their fair rental value at the time
of renewal. 

Minimum future rental payments under non-cancellable
operating leases as of October 29, 2016, are as follows: 

Legal Proceedings   

The Company, from time to time, is subject
to various claims and legal proceedings, including employment claims, wage and hour claims, intellectual property claims, contractual
and commercial disputes and other matters that arise in the ordinary course of business.  While the outcome of any such
claim cannot be predicted with certainty, the Company does not believe that the outcome of these matters will have a material adverse
effect on the Company s business, results of operations or financial condition. 

ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF
FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS  

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS  

This report contains forward-looking statements
concerning our business, operations and financial performance and condition as well as our plans, objectives and expectations for
our business operations and financial performance and condition, which are subject to risks and uncertainties. All statements other
than statements of historical fact included in this report are forward-looking statements. These statements may include words such
as  aim ,  anticipate ,  assume ,  believe ,  can have ,  could ,
 due ,  estimate ,  expect ,  goal ,  intend ,  likely ,
 may ,  objective ,  plan ,  potential ,  positioned ,  predict ,
 should ,  target ,  will ,  would  and other words and terms of similar meaning
in connection with any discussion of the timing or nature of future operating or financial performance or other events or trends.
For example, all statements we make relating to our estimated and projected earnings, sales, costs, expenditures, cash flows, growth
rates, market share and financial results, our plans and objectives for future operations, growth or initiatives, strategies or
the expected outcome or impact of pending or threatened litigation are forward-looking statements. 

These forward-looking statements are based
on current expectations, estimates, forecasts and projections about our business and the industry in which we operate and our management s
beliefs and assumptions. These statements are not guarantees of future performance or development and involve known and unknown
risks, uncertainties and other factors that are in many cases beyond our control. All of our forward-looking statements are subject
to risks and uncertainties that may cause our actual results to differ materially from our expectations. These risks and uncertainties
include, but are not limited to, the following: the risk that we cannot anticipate, identify and respond quickly to changing fashion
trends and customer preferences; our ability to attract a sufficient number of customers to our boutiques or sell sufficient quantities
of our merchandise through our ecommerce business; our ability to successfully open and operate new boutiques each year; and our
ability to efficiently source and distribute additional merchandise quantities necessary to support our growth. For additional
information regarding these and other risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained
in our forward looking statements, please refer to  Item 1A. Risk Factors,  in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the
fiscal year ended January 30, 2016 and filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ) on March 25, 2016, and
any risk factors contained in subsequent Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q or other filings we file with the SEC. 

We derive many of our forward-looking statements
from our own operating budgets and forecasts, which are based upon many detailed assumptions. While we believe that our assumptions
are reasonable, we caution that it is very difficult to predict the impact of known factors, and it is impossible for us to anticipate
all factors that could affect our actual results. All written and oral forward-looking statements attributable to us, or persons
acting on our behalf, are expressly qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements contained in this report as well as
other cautionary statements that are made from time to time in our other SEC filings and public communications. You should evaluate
all forward-looking statements made in this report in the context of these risks and uncertainties. 

Potential investors and other readers are
urged to consider these factors carefully in evaluating the forward-looking statements and are cautioned not to place undue reliance
on the forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this report. Except as required
by law, we undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements publicly after the date of this report whether
as a result of new information, future developments or otherwise. 

Overview  

Unless the context otherwise requires,
the  Company,   we,   our,   ours,   us  and  francesca s    
refer to Francesca s Holdings Corporation and its consolidated subsidiaries. 

francesca s      is
a growing specialty retailer which operates a nationwide-chain of boutiques providing customers a unique, fun and personalized
shopping experience. The merchandise assortment is a diverse and balanced mix of apparel, jewelry, accessories and gifts. As of
October 29, 2016, francesca s       operated 669 boutiques in 48 states and
the District of Columbia and also served its customers through www.francescas.com, its ecommerce website. The information
contained on our website is not incorporated by reference into this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and you should not consider information
contained on our website to be part of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 

During the thirteen weeks ended October
29, 2016, our net sales increased 15% to $119.5 million from $103.7 million, income from operations increased by 42% to $15.8 million
from $11.1 million and net income increased 39% to $9.7 million, or $0.26 per diluted share based on 37.7 million weighted average
diluted shares outstanding, from $7.0 million, or $0.16 per diluted share based on 42.2 million weighted average diluted shares
outstanding, over the comparable prior year period. During the thirty-nine weeks ended October 29, 2016, our net sales increased
12% to $340.8 million from $304.8 million, income from operations increased by 16% to $44.3 million from $38.1 million and net
income increased 16% to $27.4 million, or $0.70 per diluted share based on 38.9 million weighted average diluted shares outstanding,
from $23.5 million, or $0.55 per diluted share based on 42.4 million weighted average diluted shares outstanding, over the comparable
prior year period. 

We have increased our boutique count to
669 boutiques as of October 29, 2016 from 619 boutiques as of October 31, 2015. We plan to open five boutiques and close three
boutiques during the remainder of the fiscal year. 

On May 15, 2016, Michael W. Barnes resigned
from his positions as Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer ( CEO ) of the Company. As a result of such resignation,
each of Mr. Barnes  then-outstanding and unvested equity awards were forfeited. This forfeiture resulted in the reversal
of $2.6 million of previously recognized stock-based compensation expense related to those unvested awards recorded during the
second quarter of fiscal year 2016. Additionally, we incurred $0.6 million of professional expenses in connection with the related
search process for a new CEO during the same period. 

In September 2016, the Board of Directors
appointed Steven P. Lawrence as the Company s President and Chief Executive Officer effective as of October 10, 2016. 

We are in the early stages of deploying
a new technology suite of systems to enhance our omni-channel and customer engagement capabilities as part of our long-term strategic
plan. This includes replacing our legacy point-of-sale system and introduction of a new order management system and a new customer
relationship management system. The point-of-sale system is expected to be implemented during fiscal year 2017. Throughout the
installation and stabilization of these new systems, we will continue to run our existing platform to ensure continuity during
the conversion process. We expect that these new systems will enhance our visibility into our customers  preferences, products
and supply chain resulting in improved customer service, improved operational efficiency, enhanced management analytics and increased
synergies between our ecommerce and our boutique channels. 

Results of Operations  

The following represents operating data
for the thirteen and thirty-nine weeks ended October 29, 2016 and October 31, 2015. 

(1)  A boutique is included in comparable sales on the first day of the fifteenth full month following the boutique s opening.
When a boutique that is included in comparable sales is relocated, we continue to consider sales from that boutique to be comparable
sales. If a boutique is closed for thirty days or longer for a remodel or as a result of weather damage, fire or the like, we no
longer consider sales from that boutique to be comparable sales. If a boutique is permanently closed, we exclude sales from that
boutique from comparable sales on the first day of the fiscal month that it did not register full month of sales. Comparable sales
include our ecommerce sales.   

(2)  Net sales per average square foot is calculated by dividing net sales for the period by the average square feet during the
period. Because of our growth, for purposes of providing net sales per square foot measure, we use average square feet during the
period as opposed to total gross square feet at the end of the period. For individual quarterly periods, average square feet is
calculated as (a) the sum of total gross square feet at the beginning and end of the period, divided by (b) two. For
periods consisting of more than one fiscal quarter, average square feet is calculated as (a) the sum of total gross square
feet at the beginning of the period and total gross square feet at the end of each fiscal quarter within the period, divided by
(b) the number of fiscal quarters within the period plus one (which, for a fiscal year, is five). There may be variations
in the way in which some of our competitors and other retailers calculate sales per square foot or similarly titled measures. As
a result, average square feet and net sales per average square foot for the period may not be comparable to similar data made available
by other retailers.     

(3)  Average square feet per boutique is calculated by dividing total gross square feet at the end of the period by the number of
boutiques open at the end of the period.   

Boutique Count   

The following table summarizes the number
of boutiques open at the beginning and end of the periods indicated. 

Thirteen Weeks Ended October 29, 2016 Compared to Thirteen
Weeks Ended October 31, 2015   

(1)  
Percentage totals or differences in the above table may not equal the sum or difference of the components due to rounding. 

Net Sales   

Net sales increased 15% to $119.5 million
in the thirteen weeks ended October 29, 2016 from $103.7 million in the thirteen weeks ended October 31, 2015. This increase
was due to a 7% increase in comparable sales driven by the increase in the number of transactions at the boutiques and online as
well as the opening of 50 net new boutiques since the comparable prior year period. Ecommerce comparable sales increased 47% to
$5.7 million driven by higher website traffic and conversion rates. There were 596 comparable boutiques and 73 non-comparable boutiques
open at October 29, 2016 compared to 526 and 93, respectively, at October 31, 2015. 

Cost of Goods Sold and Occupancy Costs   

Cost of goods sold and occupancy costs
increased 12% to $61.8 million in the thirteen weeks ended October 29, 2016 from $55.4 million in the thirteen weeks ended October
31, 2015. Cost of merchandise and freight expenses increased by $5.0 million due to increased sales volume. Occupancy costs increased
by $1.5 million due to the increase in the number of boutiques in operation during the thirteen weeks ended October 29, 2016 compared
to the same period of the prior year. 

As a percentage of net sales, cost of goods
sold and occupancy costs decreased to 51.8% in the thirteen weeks ended October 29, 2016 from 53.4% in the thirteen weeks ended
October 31, 2015, a favorable variance of 160 basis points. This favorable variance was due to 40 basis points improvement in merchandise
margin and 120 basis points of occupancy costs leverage. The increase in merchandise margin was mostly attributable to favorable
mix change and lower markdowns compared to the prior period. 

Selling, General and Administrative Expenses   

Selling, general and administrative expenses
increased 12% to $41.9 million in the thirteen weeks ended October 29, 2016 from $37.3 million in the thirteen weeks ended
October 31, 2015. This increase was due to higher boutique and corporate payroll, professional fees, software costs and depreciation.
The higher boutique payroll was associated with the larger boutique base while the remaining increases were due to increased strategic
initiatives investments, including technology and infrastructure. As a percentage of net sales, selling, general and administrative
expenses decreased to 35.0% in the thirteen weeks ended October 29, 2016 from 35.9% in the thirteen weeks ended October 31, 2016,
which was driven by leveraging of expenses. 

Income Tax Expense   

Income tax expense increased $2.0 million
in the thirteen weeks ended October 29, 2016 compared to the thirteen weeks ended October 31, 2015 due to the increase in pretax
income. The effective tax rates were 38.3% and 36.7% in the thirteen weeks ended October 29, 2016 and October 31, 2015, respectively.
The effective tax rate in the thirteen weeks ended October 31, 2015 was impacted by the true-up of state taxes. 

Thirty-Nine Weeks Ended October 29, 2016 Compared to Thirty-Nine
Weeks Ended October 31, 2015   

(1)   Percentage
totals or differences in the above table may not equal the sum or difference of the components due to rounding. 

Net Sales   

Net sales increased 12% to $340.8 million
in the thirty-nine weeks ended October 29, 2016 from $304.8 million in the thirty-nine weeks ended October 31, 2015. This
increase is due to a 3% increase in comparable sales driven by the increase in the number of transactions at the boutiques and
online as well as the opening of 50 net new boutiques since the comparable prior year period. Ecommerce comparable sales increased
41% to $15.8 million driven by higher website traffic and conversion rates. There were 596 comparable boutiques and 73 non-comparable
boutiques open at October 29, 2016 compared to 526 and 93, respectively, at October 31, 2015. 

Cost of Goods Sold and Occupancy Costs   

Cost of goods sold and occupancy costs
increased 12% to $180.1 million in the thirty-nine weeks ended October 29, 2016 from $161.2 million in the thirty-nine weeks ended
October 31, 2015. Cost of merchandise and freight expenses increased by $13.1 million due to increased sales volume. Occupancy
costs increased by $5.8 million due to the increase in the number of boutiques in operation during the thirty-nine weeks ended
October 29, 2016 compared to the same period of the prior year. As a percentage of net sales, cost of goods sold and occupancy
costs was flat compared to the same prior year period. 

Selling, General and Administrative Expenses   

Selling, general and administrative expenses
increased 10% to $116.4 million in the thirty-nine weeks ended October 29, 2016 from $105.4 million in the thirty-nine weeks
ended October 31, 2015. This increase was due to higher boutique payroll to support the larger boutique base, as well as an increase
in corporate payroll, marketing, professional fees, software costs and depreciation. The increase in marketing expense was due
to the implementation of new marketing initiatives while the higher corporate payroll, professional fees, software costs and depreciation
was due to increased strategic initiatives investments, including technology and infrastructure. These increases were partially
offset by a $2.0 million net benefit associated with the resignation of our previous CEO and the related search process. As a percentage
of net sales, selling, general and administrative expense decreased to 34.1% in the thirty-nine weeks ended October 30, 2016 compared
to 34.6% in the thirty-nine weeks ended October 1, 2015 primarily due to the net benefit associated with the resignation of our
CEO. 

Income Tax Expense   

Income tax expense increased $2.5 million
in the thirty-nine weeks ended October 29, 2016 compared to the thirty-nine weeks ended October 31, 2015 due to the increase in
pretax income. The effective tax rates were 38.0% and 37.7% in the thirty-nine weeks ended October 29, 2016 and October 31, 2015,
respectively. 

Sales by Merchandise Category  

(1) Excludes gift card breakage income, shipping
and change in return reserve. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources  

Our primary sources of liquidity are cash
flows from operations and borrowings under our revolving credit facility. Our primary cash needs are for capital expenditures in
connection with opening new boutiques and remodeling existing boutiques, investing in improved technology and distribution facility
enhancements, funding normal working capital requirements and payments of interest and principal, if any, under our revolving credit
facility. We may use cash or our revolving credit facility to issue letters of credit to support merchandise imports or for other
corporate purposes. The most significant components of our working capital are cash and cash equivalents, merchandise inventories,
accounts payable and other current liabilities. Our working capital position benefits from the fact that we generally collect cash
from sales to customers the day of or, in the case of credit or debit card transactions, within several days of the related sales
and we typically have up to 30 days to pay our vendors. 

We were in compliance with all covenants
under our revolving credit facility as of October 29, 2016. At October 29, 2016, we had $24.7 million of cash and cash equivalents
and approximately $75.0 million in borrowing availability as no borrowings were outstanding under our revolving credit facility. 

We expect that our cash flow from operations
along with borrowings under our revolving credit facility and tenant allowances for new boutiques will be sufficient to fund capital
expenditures and our working capital requirements for at least the next twelve months. 

Cash Flow   

A summary of our operating, investing and
financing activities are shown in the following table: 

Operating Activities   

Operating activities consist of net income
adjusted for non-cash items, including depreciation and amortization, deferred taxes, the effect of working capital changes and
tenant allowances received from landlords. Net cash provided by operating activities was $35.5 million and $30.4 million in the
thirty-nine weeks ended October 29, 2016 and October 31, 2015, respectively. The increase in cash provided by operating activities
was primarily due to the increase in net income, as adjusted for non-cash items, as well as timing of payments for inventory purchases
and income taxes, partially offset by changes in landlord incentives and deferred rent in connection with new boutiques. 

Investing Activities   

Investing activities consist primarily
of capital expenditures for new boutiques, improvements to existing boutiques, as well as investment in information technology
and our distribution facility. 

Our total capital expenditures for the
thirty-nine weeks ended October 29, 2016 and October 31, 2015 were $18.7 million and $19.9 million, respectively, with new boutiques
accounting for most of our spending at $11.5 million and $12.6 million, respectively. Spending for new boutiques included amounts
associated with boutiques that will open subsequent to the end of each fiscal quarter. We opened 59 boutiques in the thirty-nine
weeks ended October 29, 2016 compared to 80 boutiques in the thirty-nine weeks ended October 31, 2015. The average cost of the
leasehold improvements, equipment, furniture and fixtures, excluding tenant allowances which are reflected in operating cash flows,
for new boutiques opened in the thirty-nine weeks ended October 29, 2016 and October 31, 2015 was $234,000 and $220,000, respectively.
The average tenant allowance per new boutique in the thirty-nine weeks ended October 29, 2016 and October 31, 2015 was $77,000
and $78,000, respectively. Tenant allowances are amortized as a reduction in rent expense over the term of the lease. The average
collection period for these allowances is approximately six months after boutique opening. As a result, we fund the cost of new
boutiques with cash flow from operations, tenant allowances from our landlords, or borrowings under our revolving credit facility.
Our spending for existing boutiques totaled $3.3 million and $5.2 million during the thirty-nine weeks ended October 29, 2016 and
October 31, 2015, respectively. The majority of the current year expenditure was spent on remodeling 31 boutiques while the prior
year amount was for updating display fixtures and equipment and remodeling 25 boutiques. 

Management anticipates that capital expenditures
for the remainder of fiscal year 2016 will be approximately $6.4 million to $9.4 million. The majority of this amount will be spent
on new and existing boutiques as well as investments in our information technology systems. 

Financing Activities   

Financing activities consist of borrowings
and payments under our revolving credit facility, repurchases of our common stock, and proceeds from the exercise of stock options
and the related tax consequence. 

Net cash used in financing activities was
$48.3 million during the thirty-nine weeks ended October 29, 2016 which consists of $48.7 million in repurchases of our common
stock and $0.4 million in proceeds from the exercise of stock options and the related tax consequence. Net cash used in financing
activities totaled $7.6 million during the thirty-nine weeks ended October 31, 2015, which consists of $7.9 million in repurchases
of common stock and $0.3 million in proceeds from the exercise of stock options and the related tax consequence. 

Revolving Credit Facility   

On August 30, 2013, Francesca s Collections,
Inc. (or the  Borrower ), as borrower, and its parent company, Francesca's LLC, a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company,
entered into a Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement with Royal Bank of Canada, as Administrative Agent and Collateral Agent,
and the lenders party thereto. The credit facility provides capacity of $75.0 million (including up to $10.0 million for letters
of credit) and matures on August 30, 2018. The facility also contains an option permitting the Borrower, subject to certain requirements
and conditions, to arrange with the lenders for additional incremental commitments up to an aggregate of $25.0 million, subject
to reductions in the event the Borrower has certain indebtedness outstanding. At October 29, 2016, there were no borrowings outstanding
under the credit facility. 

The credit facility contains customary
events of default and requires the Borrower to comply with certain financial covenants. As of October 29, 2016, the Borrower was
in compliance with all covenants under the credit facility. The credit facility restricts the amount of dividends the Borrower
can pay; provided that the Borrower is permitted to pay dividends to the extent it has available capacity in its available investment
basket (as defined in the Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement), no default or event of default is continuing, certain
procedural requirements have been satisfied and the Borrower is in pro forma compliance with a maximum secured leverage ratio.
At October 29, 2016, the Borrower would have met the conditions for paying dividends out of the available investment basket. All
obligations under the credit facility are secured by substantially all the assets of the Borrower and any subsidiary guarantor,
if any. All obligations under the facility are unconditionally guaranteed by, subject to certain exceptions, Francesca s
LLC and each of the Borrower s existing and future direct and indirect wholly-owned domestic subsidiaries.   

Share Repurchase Program   

For information regarding our share repurchase
program, please refer to Note 7 to our unaudited consolidated financial statements included in Part I of this report, which is
incorporated herein by reference. 

Critical Accounting Policies  

The preparation of financial statements
in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States requires management to make estimates and assumptions
that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues, and expenses, as well as the related disclosures of contingent
assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements. A summary of the Company s significant accounting policies
is included in Note 1 to the Company s annual consolidated financial statements included in the Company s Annual Report
on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended January 30, 2016. 

Certain of the Company s accounting
policies and estimates are considered critical, as these policies and estimates are the most important to the depiction of the
Company s consolidated financial statements and require significant, difficult, or complex judgments, often about the effect
of matters that are inherently uncertain. Such policies are summarized in the  Management s Discussion and Analysis
of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  section of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended January
30, 2016. As of October 29, 2016, there were no significant changes to any of our critical accounting policies and estimates as
disclosed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended January 30, 2016. 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements  

For information regarding recent accounting
pronouncements, please refer to Note 1 to our unaudited consolidated financial statements included in Part I of this Report, which
is incorporated herein by reference. 

Contractual Obligations  

There were no significant changes to our
contractual obligations and commercial commitments as disclosed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended January
30, 2016, other than those which occur in the normal course of business. 

Off Balance Sheet Arrangements  

We are not party to any off balance sheet
arrangements. 

ITEM 3. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT
MARKET RISK  

Our principal exposure to market risk relates
to changes in interest rates. Our revolving credit facility carries floating interest rates that are tied to LIBOR, the federal
funds rate and the prime rate, and therefore, our statements of operations and our cash flows could be exposed to changes in interest
rates to the extent that we do not have effective hedging arrangements in place. We historically have not used derivative financial
instruments for speculative or trading purposes; however, this does not preclude our adoption of specific hedging strategies in
the future. At October 29, 2016, there were no borrowings outstanding under our revolving credit facility. 

ITEM 4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES  

We maintain disclosure controls and procedures
(as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange
Act )) that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports under the Exchange Act is processed,
recorded, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and regulations and that such information
is accumulated and communicated to management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate,
to allow for timely decisions regarding required disclosure. In designing and evaluating the disclosure controls and procedures,
management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance
of achieving the desired control objectives, and management is required to apply its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship
of possible controls and procedures. 

At the end of the period covered by this
Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, we carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of our Disclosure
Committee and management, including the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the design
and operation of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures pursuant to Rule 13a-15 of the Exchange Act. Based on that
evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that the Company s disclosure controls and
procedures were effective at the reasonable assurance level as of October 29, 2016.  

There were no changes in our internal control
over financial reporting during the quarter ended October 29, 2016 that materially affected or are reasonably likely to materially
affect our internal control over financial reporting. 

PART II. OTHER INFORMATION  

ITEM 1. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS  

We are subject to various claims and legal
proceedings, including employment claims, wage and hour claims, intellectual property claims, contractual and commercial disputes
and other matters that arise in the ordinary course of business. While the outcome of these and other claims cannot be predicted
with certainty, we do not believe that the outcome of these matters will have a material adverse effect on our business, results
of operations or financial condition. 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS  

There have been no material changes to
our risk factors as previously disclosed in Item 1A contained in Part I of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended
January 30, 2016 and filed with the SEC on March 27, 2015 and Item 1A contained in Part II of our Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter
ended April 30, 2016 and filed with the SEC on June 9, 2016.    

ITEM 2. UNREGISTERED SALES
OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS  

The following table provides information
about the Company s share repurchase activity during the thirteen weeks ended October 29, 2016. 

(1)  Periodic information is presented by reference to our fiscal monthly periods during the third quarter of fiscal year 2016.   

(2)  Average price paid per share includes brokers  commission.   

(3)  On March 15, 2016, the Company s Board of Directors authorized an additional $100 million
share repurchase program commencing upon the exhaustion of a previous $100 million share repurchase program approved in September
2013. This authorization has no expiration date. Under the repurchase program, purchases can be made from time to time through
open market purchases, in privately negotiated transactions, under a Rule 10b5-1 plans or through other available means. The specific
timing and amount of repurchases is dependent on market conditions, securities law limitations and other factors.   

ITEM 6. EXHIBITS  

Exhibit No.  
       
      Description   

3.1 
       
     Amended and Restated Bylaws of Francesca s Holdings Corporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of Form 8-K filed by Francesca s Holdings Corporation on September 20, 2016)  

10.1+ 
       
     Employment Letter Agreement, dated September 16, 2016, between Francesca s Collections, Inc., Francesca s Services Corporation, Francesca s Holdings Corporation and Steven P. Lawrence (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of Form 8-K filed by Francesca s Holdings Corporation on September 20, 2016)  

10.2+* 
       
     Performance Stock Award Agreement (Per Section 1(h)(ii)) dated October 10, 2016, between Francesca s Holdings Corporation and Steven P. Lawrence  

31.1* 
       
     Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 13a-14(a)  

31.2* 
       
     Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 13a-14(a)  

* Filed herewith. 

 ** Furnished herewith. 

  +
Indicates a management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement.  

SIGNATURE  

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

Francesca s Holdings Corporation  

(Registrant)  

Date:  December 7, 2016 
     /s/ Kelly Dilts  

Kelly Dilts  

Chief Financial Officer (duly authorized officer and Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)  

<EX-10.2>
 2
 v453697_ex10-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.2

Exhibit 10.2  

FRANCESCA S HOLDINGS CORPORATION  

  2015 EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN  

  PERFORMANCE STOCK AWARD AGREEMENT  

  (PER SECTION 1(h)(ii))  

THIS PERFORMANCE
STOCK AWARD AGREEMENT  (this   Award Agreement  ) is dated as of October 10, 2016 (the   Award Date  )
by and between Francesca s Holdings Corporation, a Delaware corporation (the   Corporation  ), and Steven
P. Lawrence (the   Participant  ). 

WITNESSETH  

WHEREAS , pursuant
to the Francesca s Holdings Corporation 2015 Equity Incentive Plan     (the   Plan  ), the Corporation
hereby grants to the Participant, effective as of the date hereof, a performance stock award (the   Award  ),
upon the terms and conditions set forth herein and in the Plan; and 

WHEREAS , the
Corporation and the Participant have entered into an employment letter agreement, dated September 16, 2016 (the   Employment
Letter  ), and Section 1(h)(ii) of the Employment Letter provides that the Participant will be granted an award of performance
shares that is subject to the time-based and performance-based vesting requirements provided in Section 3 below. 

NOW THEREFORE ,
in consideration of services rendered and to be rendered by the Participant, and the mutual promises made herein and the mutual
benefits to be derived therefrom, the parties agree as follows: 

1.    Defined Terms  .
Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined herein shall have the meaning assigned to such terms in the Plan. 

2.    Grant  .
Subject to the terms of this Award Agreement, the Corporation hereby grants to the Participant an Award with respect to an aggregate
of  90,854  restricted shares of Common Stock of the Corporation (the   Restricted Stock  ) at a purchase
price of $0.01 per share (the   Purchase Price  ). The Participant agrees to promptly pay to the Corporation the
amount of the aggregate Purchase Price for the Restricted Stock. Subject to payment of the Purchase Price, the Restricted Shares
shall be issued to the Participant on or promptly following the Award Date as provided in Section 7(a) hereof. The Participant
hereby acknowledges that the Award is in full satisfaction of the Participant s right to be granted an award pursuant to
Section 1(h)(ii) of the Employment Letter. 

3.    Performance-Based
and Time-Based Vesting  . Subject to Section 8 below, the shares of Restricted Stock shall vest (and restrictions other than
those set forth in Section 8.1 of the Plan shall lapse) (a) with respect to one-third (1/3 rd ) of the shares of Restricted
Stock (the   First Vesting Tranche  ) on the last day of the Corporation s 2017 fiscal year if  both 
the Participant s employment with the Corporation continues through the first anniversary of the Award Date and the Corporation s
EPS for the Corporation s 2017 fiscal year is greater than $0.75, and (y) with respect to the remaining two-thirds (2/3 rd )
of the shares of Restricted Stock (the   Second Vesting Tranche  ) on the last day of the Corporation s
2019 fiscal year if  both  the Participant s employment with the Corporation continues through the third anniversary
of the Award Date and the Corporation s EPS for the Corporation s 2019 fiscal year is greater than $0.75. Subject to
Section 8(c), if the EPS goal for a particular fiscal year is not met, the vesting tranche of the Award that is subject to such
EPS goal shall terminate as of the last day of that fiscal year and be subject to the forfeiture provisions set forth in Section
8(a). 

For purposes of the
Award,   EPS   means the Corporation s earnings per share for the applicable fiscal year as determined by
the Corporation in accordance with U.S. Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (  GAAP  ), adjusted as provided
below. The Administrator shall adjust (without duplication) the performance results for EPS (as determined before giving effect
to such adjustments), for the following items: (i) increased or decreased to eliminate the financial statement impact of employee
retention and earn-out costs that result from mergers and acquisitions; (ii) increased or decreased to eliminate the financial
statement impact of divestitures; (iii) increased or decreased to eliminate the financial statement impact of any new changes in
accounting standards announced during the year that are required to be applied during the year in accordance with GAAP; (iv) increased
or decreased to eliminate the financial impact for the dispositions or impairments of long-lived assets; (v) increased or decreased
to eliminate the financial impact related to early extinguishment of debt and debt related instruments; and (vi) increased or decreased
to eliminate the financial impact of natural disasters and related insurance recoveries. In addition, the Administrator shall equitably
and proportionately adjust the EPS goal for a particular fiscal year to mitigate the impact of any stock splits, reverse stock
splits, stock dividends and repurchases by the Corporation of its outstanding shares of Common Stock during the fiscal year. The
Administrator s determination of whether any adjustment is required, and the nature and extent of any such adjustment, shall
be final and binding. 

4.    Continuance
of Employment  . Except as expressly provided in Section 8 of this Award Agreement, the vesting schedule requires continued
employment or service through the applicable vesting date as a condition to the vesting of the applicable installment of the Award
and the rights and benefits under this Award Agreement. Employment or service for only a portion of the vesting period, even if
a substantial portion, will not (except as expressly provided in Section 8) entitle the Participant to any proportionate vesting
or avoid or mitigate a termination of rights and benefits upon or following a termination of employment or services as provided
in Section 8 below or under the Plan. 

Nothing contained in
this Award Agreement or the Plan constitutes an employment or service commitment by the Corporation, affects the Participant s
status as an employee at will who is subject to termination without cause, confers upon the Participant any right to remain employed
by or in service to the Corporation or any of its Subsidiaries, interferes in any way with the right of the Corporation or any
of its Subsidiaries at any time to terminate such employment or services, or affects the right of the Corporation or any of its
Subsidiaries to increase or decrease the Participant s other compensation or benefits. Nothing in this Award Agreement, however,
is intended to adversely affect any independent contractual right of the Participant without his or her consent thereto. 

5.    Dividend
and Voting Rights  . After the Award Date, the Participant shall be entitled to cash dividends with respect to the shares
of Restricted Stock subject to the Award even though such shares are not vested but shall not be entitled to voting rights with
respect to the shares of Restricted Stock;    provided that such rights to cash dividends shall terminate immediately
as to any shares of Restricted Stock that are forfeited pursuant to Section 8 below; and provided, further, that the Participant
agrees that promptly following any such forfeiture of the shares of Restricted Stock, the Participant will make a cash payment
to the Corporation equal to the amount of any cash dividends received by the Participant in respect of any such unvested, forfeited
shares. To the extent the shares are forfeited after the record date and before the payment date for a particular dividend, the
Participant shall, promptly after the dividend is paid, make a cash payment to the Corporation equal to the amount of any such
cash dividend received by the Participant in respect of such forfeited shares. 

6.  Restrictions
on Transfer  . Prior to the time that they have become vested pursuant to Section 3 or Section 8 hereof or Section 7 of the
Plan, neither the Restricted Stock, nor any interest therein, amount payable in respect thereof, nor any Restricted Property (as
defined in Section 9 hereof), may be sold, assigned, transferred, pledged or otherwise disposed of, alienated or encumbered, either
voluntarily or involuntarily. The transfer restrictions in the preceding sentence shall not apply to (a) transfers to the Corporation,
or (b) transfers by will or the laws of descent and distribution. 

7.    Issuance of Shares  . 

(a)      Book
Entry Form . On or promptly following the Award Date, the Corporation shall issue the shares of Restricted Stock subject to
the Award either: (a) in certificate form as provided in Section 7(b) below; or (b) in book entry form, registered in the name
of the Participant with notations regarding the applicable restrictions on transfer imposed under this Award Agreement. 

(b)      Certificates
to be Held by Corporation; Legend . Any certificates representing shares of Restricted Stock that may be delivered to the Participant
by the Corporation prior to vesting shall be redelivered to the Corporation to be held by the Corporation until the restrictions
on such shares shall have lapsed and the shares shall thereby have become vested or the shares represented thereby have been forfeited
hereunder. Such certificates shall bear the following legend and any other legends the Corporation may determine to be necessary
or advisable to comply with all applicable laws, rules, and regulations: 

The ownership of this
certificate and the shares of stock evidenced hereby and any interest therein are subject to substantial restrictions on transfer
under an Agreement entered into between the registered owner and Francesca s Holdings Corporation. A copy of such Agreement
is on file in the office of the Secretary of Francesca s Holdings Corporation.   

(c)      Delivery
of Certificates Upon Vesting . Promptly after the vesting of any shares of Restricted Stock pursuant to Section 3 or Section
8 hereof or Section 7 of the Plan and the satisfaction of any and all related tax withholding obligations pursuant to Section 10,
the Corporation shall, as applicable, either remove the notations on any shares of Restricted Stock issued in book entry form which
have vested or deliver to the Participant a certificate or certificates evidencing the number of shares of Restricted Stock which
have vested (or, in either case, such lesser number of shares as may result after giving effect to Section 10). The Participant
(or the beneficiary or personal representative of the Participant in the event of the Participant s death or disability,
as the case may be) shall deliver to the Corporation any representations or other documents or assurances as the Corporation or
its counsel may determine to be necessary or advisable in order to ensure compliance with all applicable laws, rules, and regulations
with respect to the grant of the Award and the delivery of shares of Common Stock in respect thereof. The shares so delivered shall
no longer be restricted shares hereunder. 

(d)      Stock
Power; Power of Attorney . Concurrently with the execution and delivery of this Award Agreement, the Participant shall deliver
to the Corporation an executed stock power in the form attached hereto as  Exhibit A , in blank, with respect to such shares.
The Corporation shall not deliver any share certificates in accordance with this Award Agreement unless and until the Corporation
shall have received such stock power executed by the Participant. The Participant, by acceptance of the Award, shall be deemed
to appoint, and does so appoint by execution of this Award Agreement, the Corporation and each of its authorized representatives
as the Participant s attorney(s)-in-fact to effect any transfer of unvested forfeited shares (or shares otherwise reacquired
by the Corporation hereunder) to the Corporation as may be required pursuant to the Plan or this Award Agreement and to execute
such documents as the Corporation or such representatives deem necessary or advisable in connection with any such transfer. 

8.    Effect of Termination
of Employment or Services; Change of Control Event .   

(a)      General .
Except as expressly provided in Section 8(b) and 8(c) below, if the Participant ceases to be employed by or ceases to provide services
to the Corporation or a Subsidiary at any time prior to the third anniversary of the Award Date (the date of such termination of
employment or service is referred to as the Participant s   Severance Date  ), the Participant s shares
of Restricted Stock (and related Restricted Property as defined in Section 9 hereof) shall be forfeited to the Corporation (regardless
of the reason for such termination of employment or service, whether with or without cause, voluntarily or involuntarily, or due
to death or disability). Upon the occurrence of any forfeiture of shares of Restricted Stock hereunder, such unvested, forfeited
shares and related Restricted Property shall be automatically transferred to the Corporation as of the Severance Date, without
any other action by the Participant (or the Participant s beneficiary or personal representative in the event of the Participant s
death or disability, as applicable). No consideration shall be paid by the Corporation with respect to such transfer, except that
the Corporation will return to the Participant the original Purchase Price for such forfeited shares. The Corporation may exercise
its powers under Section 7(d) hereof and take any other action necessary or advisable to evidence such transfer. The Participant
(or the Participant s beneficiary or personal representative in the event of the Participant s death or disability,
as applicable) shall deliver any additional documents of transfer that the Corporation may request to confirm the transfer of such
unvested, forfeited shares and related Restricted Property to the Corporation. 

(b)      Termination
Without Cause, With Good Reason or Due to Death . Subject to Section 8(c), in the event the Participant ceases to be employed
by or ceases to provide services to the Corporation or a Subsidiary prior to the third anniversary of the Award Date, and such
termination of employment is by the Corporation or a Subsidiary without Cause (as defined below), by the Participant for Good Reason
(as defined below) or due to the death of the Participant, the following shall apply with respect to the Award: 

(i)     If
the Participant s Severance Date occurs after the Award Date and prior to the first anniversary of the Award Date, the First
Vesting Tranche will remain outstanding until the end of the Corporation s 2017 fiscal year and, if the EPS performance goal
for the 2017 fiscal year set forth in Section 3 is met, will vest as to a number of shares equal to (x) the total number of shares
of Restricted Stock subject to the First Vesting Tranche multiplied by (y) a fraction, the numerator of which is the total number
of calendar days in the period between the Award Date and the Participant s Severance Date and the denominator of which is
three hundred sixty-five (365). If the Participant s Severance Date occurs after the Award Date and prior to the first anniversary
of the Award Date, the Second Vesting Tranche will be forfeited in its entirety on the Severance Date. 

(ii)     If
the Participant s Severance Date occurs on or after the first anniversary of the Award Date and prior to the third anniversary
of the Award Date, the Second Vesting Tranche will remain outstanding until the end of the Corporation s 2019 fiscal year
and, if the EPS performance goal for the 2019 fiscal year set forth in Section 3 is met, will vest as to a number of shares equal
to (x) the total number of shares of Restricted Stock subject to the Second Vesting Tranche multiplied by (y) a fraction, the numerator
of which is the total number of calendar days in the period between the first anniversary of the Award Date and the Participant s
Severance Date and the denominator of which is the total number of calendar days in the period between the first anniversary of
the Award Date and the third anniversary of the Award Date. In the event that the Participant s Severance Date occurs after
the first anniversary of the Award Date and prior to the last day of the Corporation s 2017 fiscal year, the First Vesting
Tranche will vest only if the EPS performance goal applicable to the Corporation s 2017 fiscal year set forth in Section
3 above is met. 

(c)      Change
of Control . In the event a Change of Control (as defined below) occurs prior to the last day of the Corporation s 2019
fiscal year, the EPS performance goals set forth in Section 3 above will no longer apply to the Award (or, in the case of a Change
of Control that occurs after the last day of the Corporation s 2017 fiscal year, the EPS performance goal applicable to the
Second Vesting Tranche set forth in Section 3 above will no longer apply), and the Award will remain subject to the time-based
vesting requirements set forth in Section 3 above; provided, however, that if either (1) the Award is to be terminated pursuant
to Section 7.2 of the Plan in connection with such Change of Control and not assumed, substituted for, exchanged or otherwise continued
after such event, or (2) the Award is or would be assumed, substituted for, exchanged or otherwise continued after such Change
of Control  and  in connection with or within twelve (12) months following the Change of Control, the Participant s
employment or service is terminated by the Corporation or a Subsidiary without Cause (as defined below) or by the Participant for
Good Reason (as defined below) (the occurrence of an event described in the foregoing clause (1) or clause (2), a   Trigger
Event  ), the Award, to the extent outstanding and unvested at the time of Trigger Event, will vest in full upon the Trigger
Event. For purposes of this Section 8(c), a termination of the Participant s employment or service shall not be considered
to be  in connection with  a Change of Control if such termination occurs more than sixty (60) days before the Change
in Control. 

(d)      Release .
Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions, the treatment of the Award in connection with a termination of the Participant s
employment or service by the Corporation or a Subsidiary without Cause or by the Participant for Good Reason pursuant to either
Section 8(b) or 8(c) above shall be subject to the Participant s providing to the Corporation upon or promptly following
(and in all events within twenty-one (21) days, or such longer period of time as required by applicable law, following) the Severance
Date a separation agreement which shall contain a valid, executed general release of claims in a form acceptable to the Corporation,
and the Participant s not revoking such release within any revocation period provided by applicable law. 

(e)      Defined
Terms . The following definitions shall apply for purposes of this Award Agreement: 

(i)       Cause  
with respect to the Participant means the definition of  Cause  provided in any written employment agreement (or offer
letter or similar written agreement) between the Participant and Corporation or any Subsidiary.  If the Participant is not
covered by such an agreement with the Corporation or a Subsidiary that defines such term, then  Cause  with respect
to the Participant means that one or more of the following has occurred: (A) the Participant has committed a felony or a crime
involving moral turpitude (under the laws of the United States or any relevant state, or a similar crime or offense under the applicable
laws of any relevant foreign jurisdiction); (B) the Participant has engaged in acts of fraud, dishonesty or other acts of material
misconduct in the course of the Participant s duties; (C) the Participant s abuse of narcotics or alcohol that has
or may reasonably cause material harm the Corporation; (D) any material violation by the Participant of the Corporation s
written policies that causes material harm to the Corporation or any of its Subsidiaries; (E) the Participant s material
failure to perform or uphold his or her duties and/or his or her material failure to comply with reasonable directives of the Corporation s
Board of Directors, as applicable; or (F) any material breach by the Participant of this Award Agreement or any other contract
the Participant is a party to with the Corporation or any Subsidiary. 

(ii)       Change
of Control   means any of the following: 

(a) The dissolution
or liquidation of the Corporation, other than in the context of a Business Combination that does not constitute a Change in Control
Event under paragraph (c) below; 

(b) The acquisition
by any individual, entity or group (within the meaning of Section 13(d)(3) or 14(d)(2) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
as amended (a   Person  )) of beneficial ownership (within the meaning of Rule 13d-3 promulgated under the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the   Exchange Act  )) of 50% or more of either (1) the then-outstanding shares
of common stock of the Corporation (the   Outstanding Company Common Stock  ) or (2) the combined voting power
of the then-outstanding voting securities of the Corporation entitled to vote generally in the election of directors (the   Outstanding
Company Voting Securities  ); provided, however, that, for purposes of this paragraph (b), the following acquisitions
shall not constitute a Change of Control; (A) any acquisition directly from the Corporation, (B) any acquisition by the Corporation,
(C) any acquisition by any employee benefit plan (or related trust) sponsored or maintained by the Corporation or any of its affiliates
or a successor to the Corporation or any of its affiliates, (D) any acquisition by any entity pursuant to a Business Combination,
or (E) any acquisition by a Person described in and satisfying the conditions of Rule 13d-1(b) promulgated under the Exchange Act;
or 

(c) Consummation
of a reorganization, merger, statutory share exchange or consolidation or similar corporate transaction involving the Corporation
or any Subsidiary, a sale or other disposition of all or substantially all of the assets of the Corporation, or the acquisition
of assets or stock of another entity by the Corporation or any of its Subsidiaries (each, a   Business Combination  ),
in each case unless, following such Business Combination, (1) all or substantially all of the individuals and entities that were
the beneficial owners of the Outstanding Company Common Stock and the Outstanding Company Voting Securities immediately prior to
such Business Combination beneficially own, directly or indirectly, more than 50% of the then-outstanding shares of common stock
and the combined voting power of the then-outstanding voting securities entitled to vote generally in the election of directors,
as the case may be, of the entity resulting from such Business Combination (including, without limitation, an entity that, as a
result of such transaction, owns the Corporation or all or substantially all of the Corporation s assets directly or through
one or more subsidiaries (a   Parent  )), and (2) no Person (excluding any individual or entity described in clauses
(C) or (E) of paragraph (b) above) beneficially owns (within the meaning of Rule 13d-3 promulgated under the Exchange Act), directly
or indirectly, more than 50% of, respectively, the then-outstanding shares of common stock of the entity resulting from such Business
Combination or the combined voting power of the then-outstanding voting securities of such entity, except to the extent that the
ownership in excess of 50% existed prior to the Business Combination. 

(iii)       Good
Reason   with respect to the Participant means the definition of  Good Reason  provided in any written employment
agreement (or offer letter or similar written agreement) between the Participant and Corporation or any Subsidiary.  If the
Participant is not covered by such an agreement with the Corporation or a Subsidiary that defines such term, then  Good Reason 
with respect to the Participant means the occurrence (without the Participant s consent) of any one or more of the following
conditions: (A) a material diminution in the Participant s rate of base salary; (B) a material diminution in the Participant s
authority, duties, or responsibilities; (C) a material change in the geographic location of the Participant s principal office
with the Corporation (for this purpose, in no event shall a relocation of such office to a new location that is not more than fifty
(50) miles from the current location of the Corporation s executive offices constitute a  material change );
or (D) a material breach by the Corporation of this Award Agreement; provided, however, that any such condition or conditions,
as applicable, shall not constitute Good Reason unless both (x) the Participant provides written notice to the Corporation of the
condition claimed to constitute Good Reason within sixty (60) days of the initial existence of such condition(s) (such notice to
be delivered in accordance with Section 11), and (y) the Corporation fails to remedy such condition(s) within thirty (30) days
of receiving such written notice thereof; and provided, further, that in all events the termination of the Participant s
employment with the Corporation shall not constitute a termination for Good Reason unless such termination occurs not more than
one hundred and twenty (120) days following the initial existence of the condition claimed to constitute Good Reason. 

9.    Adjustments
Upon Specified Events  . Upon the occurrence of certain events relating to the Corporation s stock contemplated by
Section 7.1 of the Plan, the Administrator shall make adjustments in accordance with such section in the number and kind of securities
that may become vested under the Award. If any adjustment shall be made under Section 7.1 of the Plan or an event described in
Section 7.2 of the Plan shall occur and the shares of Restricted Stock are not fully vested upon such event or prior thereto, the
restrictions applicable to such shares of Restricted Stock shall continue in effect with respect to any consideration, property
or other securities (the   Restricted Property   and, for the purposes of this Award Agreement,  Restricted
Stock  shall include  Restricted Property , unless the context otherwise requires) received in respect of such
Restricted Stock. Such Restricted Property shall vest at such times and in such proportion as the shares of Restricted Stock to
which the Restricted Property is attributable vest, or would have vested pursuant to the terms hereof if such shares of Restricted
Stock had remained outstanding. To the extent that the Restricted Property includes any cash (other than regular cash dividends),
such cash shall be invested, pursuant to policies established by the Administrator, in interest bearing, FDIC-insured (subject
to applicable insurance limits) deposits of a depository institution selected by the Administrator, the earnings on which shall
be added to and become a part of the Restricted Property. 

10.  Tax
Withholding  . Subject to Section 8.1 of the Plan, upon any vesting of the Award, the Corporation shall automatically
withhold and reacquire the appropriate number of whole shares of Restricted Stock, valued at their then  fair
market value (with the  fair market value  of such shares determined in accordance with the applicable
provisions of the Plan) , to satisfy any withholding obligations of the Corporation or its Subsidiaries with respect to
such vesting at the minimum applicable withholding rates. In the event that the Corporation cannot satisfy such withholding
obligations by withholding and reacquiring shares of Restricted Stock, or in the event that the Participant makes or has made
an election pursuant to Section 83(b) of the Code or the occurrence of any other withholding event with respect to the Award,
the Corporation (or a Subsidiary) shall be entitled to require a cash payment by or on behalf of the Participant and/or to
deduct from other compensation payable to the Participant any sums required by federal, state or local tax law to be withheld
with respect to such vesting of any Restricted Stock or such Section 83(b) election or other withholding event. 

11.  Notices  .
Any notice to be given under the terms of this Award Agreement shall be in writing and addressed to the Corporation at its
principal office to the attention of the Secretary, and to the Participant at the Participant s last address reflected
on the Corporation s payroll records. Any notice shall be delivered in person or shall be enclosed in a properly sealed
envelope, addressed as aforesaid, registered or certified, and deposited (postage and registry or certification fee prepaid)
in a post office or branch post office regularly maintained by the United States Government. Any such notice shall be given
only when received, but if the Participant is no longer an Eligible Person, shall be deemed to have been duly given five
business days after the date mailed in accordance with the foregoing provisions of this Section 11. 

12.  Plan  .
The Award and all rights of the Participant under this Award Agreement are subject to the terms and conditions of the
provisions of the Plan, incorporated herein by reference. The Participant agrees to be bound by the terms of the Plan and
this Award Agreement. The Participant acknowledges having read and understanding the Plan, the Prospectus for the Plan, and
this Award Agreement. Unless otherwise expressly provided in other sections of this Award Agreement, provisions of the Plan
that confer discretionary authority on the Board or the Administrator do not (and shall not be deemed to) create any rights
in the Participant unless such rights are expressly set forth herein or are otherwise in the sole discretion of the Board or
the Administrator so conferred by appropriate action of the Board or the Administrator under the Plan  after  the date
hereof. 

13.  Entire
Agreement  . This Award Agreement and the Plan together constitute the entire agreement and supersede all prior understandings
and agreements, written or oral, of the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof. The Plan may be amended pursuant
to Section 8.6 of the Plan. This Award Agreement may be amended by the Board from time to time. Any such amendment must be
in writing and signed by the Corporation. Any such amendment that materially and adversely affects the Participant s rights
under this Award Agreement requires the consent of the Participant in order to be effective with respect to the Award. The Corporation
may, however, unilaterally waive any provision hereof in writing to the extent such waiver does not adversely affect the interests
of the Participant hereunder, but no such waiver shall operate as or be construed to be a subsequent waiver of the same provision
or a waiver of any other provision hereof. 

14.  Counterparts  .
This Award Agreement may be executed simultaneously in any number of counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original
but all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument. 

15.  Section
Headings  . The section headings of this Award Agreement are for convenience of reference only and shall not be deemed
to alter or affect any provision hereof. 

16.  Governing
Law  . This Award Agreement shall be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of
Delaware without regard to conflict of law principles thereunder. 

17.  Construction  .
It is intended that the terms of the Award will not result in the imposition of any tax liability pursuant to Section 409A of
the Code. This Award Agreement shall be construed and interpreted consistent with that intent. 

18.  Clawback
Policy  . The Award and the shares of Common Stock that are or may be acquired pursuant to the Award are subject to the
terms of the Corporation s recoupment, clawback or similar policy as it may be in effect from time to time, as well as
any similar provisions of applicable law, any of which could in certain circumstances require repayment or forfeiture of the
Award or such shares or other cash or property received with respect to the Award (including any value received from a
disposition of the shares acquired pursuant to the Award). 

19.  Waiver
of Jury Trial  . EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ALL RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY ACTION, PROCEEDING OR
COUNTERCLAIM AGAINST OUT OF OR RELATING TO THE PLAN OR THIS PERFORMANCE STOCK AWARD AGREEMENT (INCLUDING THESE TERMS). 

20.  No
Advice Regarding Grant  . The Participant is hereby advised to consult with his or her own tax, legal and/or investment
advisors with respect to any advice the Participant may determine is needed or appropriate with respect to the Award
(including, without limitation, to determine the foreign, state, local, estate and/or gift tax consequences with respect to
the Award, the advantages and disadvantages of making an election under Section 83(b) of the Code with respect to the
Restricted Stock under the Award, and the process and requirements for such an election). Neither the Corporation nor any of
its officers, directors, affiliates or advisors makes any representation (except for the terms and conditions expressly set
forth in this Award Agreement) or recommendation with respect to the Award or the making an election under Section 83(b) of
the Code with respect to the Restricted Stock under the Award. In the event the Participant desires to make an election under
Section 83(b) of the Code with respect to the Restricted Stock, it is the Participant s sole responsibility to do so
timely. Except for the withholding rights set forth in Section 10 above, the Participant is solely responsible for any and
all tax liability that may arise with respect to the Award. 

[Remainder of page
intentionally left blank]  

IN WITNESS WHEREOF ,
the Corporation has caused this Award Agreement to be executed on its behalf by a duly authorized officer and the Participant has
hereunto set his or her hand as of the date and year first above written. 

FRANCESCA S HOLDINGS CORPORATION,   

a Delaware corporation   

By: 
     /s/ Kal Malik  

Print Name:    
     Kal Malik  

Its: 
     Executive Vice President  

Chief Administrative Officer  

PARTICIPANT   

/s/ Steven Lawrence  

Signature    

Steven Lawrence  

Print Name    

</EX-10.2>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 v453697_ex31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 31.1  

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 302  

  OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  

I, Steven Lawrence, certify that: 

1.  I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Francesca s Holdings Corporation;   

2.  Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact
necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with
respect to the period covered by this report;   

3.  Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in
all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods
presented in this report;   

4.  The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls
and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting
(as defined by Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15-d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:   

a)  Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our
supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known
to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;   

b)  Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed
under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of
financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;   

c)  Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on
such evaluation; and   

d)  Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during
the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report)
that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial
reporting; and   

5.  The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal
control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of
directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):   

a)  All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting
which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial
information; and   

b)  Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting.   

Date:  December 7, 2016 
     /s/ Steven Lawrence  

Steven Lawrence  

Chief Executive Officer  
          (Principal Executive Officer)    

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 v453697_ex31-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 31.2  

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 302  

  OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  

I, Kelly Dilts, certify that: 

1.  I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Francesca s Holdings Corporation;   

2.  Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact
necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with
respect to the period covered by this report;   

3.  Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in
all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods
presented in this report;   

4.  The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls
and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting
(as defined by Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15-d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:   

a)  Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our
supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known
to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;   

b)  Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed
under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of
financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;   

c)  Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on
such evaluation; and   

d)  Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during
the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report)
that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial
reporting; and   

5.  The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal
control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of
directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):   

a)  All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting
which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial
information; and   

b)  Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting.   

Date:  December 7, 2016 
     /s/ Kelly Dilts  

Kelly Dilts  

Chief Financial Officer   
          (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)    

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 v453697_ex32-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 32.1  

CERTIFICATIONS PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C.
SECTION 1350,  

  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906  

  OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  

I, Steven Lawrence, the Chief Executive
Officer of Francesca s Holdings Corporation, certify that (i) the quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal
quarter ended October 29, 2016 (the  Report ) fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and (ii) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects,
the financial condition and results of operations of Francesca s Holdings Corporation as of the dates and for the periods
set forth therein. 

/s/ Steven Lawrence  

Steven Lawrence  

Chief Executive Officer  
          (Principal Executive Officer)    

December 7, 2016  

Date  

I, Kelly Dilts, the Chief Financial Officer
of Francesca s Holdings Corporation, certify that (i) the quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter
ended October 29, 2016 (the  Report ) fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and (ii) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects,
the financial condition and results of operations of Francesca s Holdings Corporation as of the dates and for the periods
set forth therein. 

/s/ Kelly Dilts  

Kelly Dilts  

Chief Financial Officer  
          (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)    

December 7, 2016  

Date  

The foregoing certifications are being
furnished solely to accompany the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q pursuant to 18 U.S.C.   1350 and Rule 13a-14(b) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. These certifications shall not be deemed  filed  for purposes of Section 18
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or otherwise subject to the liability of that section, nor shall it be incorporated
by reference into any filing of the Company under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
as amended, except to the extent that the Company specifically incorporates it by reference. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 fran-20161029.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 fran-20161029.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 fran-20161029_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 fran-20161029_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 fran-20161029_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 fran-20161029_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

