<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161027_10-Q_edgar_data_99780_0000099780-16-000280_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>17762692</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>138210</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>889171</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>6933286</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>7563829</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1903827</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>69</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000099780-16-000280.hdr.sgml : 20161027
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161027121548
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000099780-16-000280
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		100
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161027
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161027

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			TRINITY INDUSTRIES INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000099780
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	RAILROAD EQUIPMENT [3743]
		IRS NUMBER:				750225040
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-06903
		FILM NUMBER:		161954639

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2525 STEMMONS FREEWAY
		CITY:			DALLAS
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			75207-2401
		BUSINESS PHONE:		214-631-4420

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	TRINITY STEEL CO INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19720407

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000099780-16-000280.txt : 20161027

10-Q
 1
 trn0930201610q.htm
 10-Q

Document 

UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
  Washington, D.C. 20549 
  Form 10-Q 

FOR THE QUARTERLY PERIOD ENDED   SEPTEMBER 30, 2016    

For the transition period from _________ to _________ . 
  Commission File Number 1-6903 
  
  (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(214) 631-4420 
  (Registrant's telephone number, including area code) 
    
  Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant (1) has filed all reports required     to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during     the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was     required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing     requirements for the past 90 days.  Yes          No     
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted     on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be     submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T     (  232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such     shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such     files).  Yes             No     
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an     accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the     definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting     company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
         Large accelerated filer            Accelerated filer        Non-accelerated filer            Smaller reporting company     
  (Do not check if a smaller reporting company) 
  Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a shell     company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).                                                                             Yes       No     
  At   October 14, 2016   the number of shares of common stock outstanding was   152,256,733  . 

TRINITY INDUSTRIES, INC. 
  FORM 10-Q 
  TABLE OF CONTENTS 
    
                 Caption 
    Page 

PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION  
      
       Item 1. Financial Statements  
    3 
       Item 2. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  
    38 
       Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk  
    54 
       Item 4. Controls and Procedures  
    54 

PART II OTHER INFORMATION  
      
       Item 1. Legal Proceedings  
    55 
       Item 1A. Risk Factors  
    55 
       Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds  
    55 
       Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities  
    55 
       Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures  
    55 
       Item 5. Other Information  
    55 
       Item 6. Exhibits  
    56 

SIGNATURES  
    57 

CERTIFICATIONS 

2 

Table of Contents  

PART I 
   
  Item 1.   Financial Statements 
   
  Trinity Industries, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
  Consolidated Statements of Operations 
  (unaudited) 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
  
   3 

Table of Contents  

Trinity Industries, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
  Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 
  (unaudited) 
   
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
  
   4 

Table of Contents  

Trinity Industries, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
  Consolidated Balance Sheets 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
  
   5 

Table of Contents  

Trinity Industries, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
  Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
  (unaudited)   
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
  
   6 

Table of Contents  

Trinity Industries, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
  Consolidated Statement of Stockholders' Equity 
  (unaudited) 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
  
   7 

Table of Contents  

Trinity Industries, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements  
  (Unaudited) 

Note 1. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 
  Basis of Presentation 
  The foregoing consolidated financial statements are unaudited and have been prepared from the books and records of Trinity Industries, Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries ( Trinity ,  Company ,  we , or  our ) including the accounts of its wholly-owned subsidiaries and its partially-owned subsidiaries, TRIP Rail Holdings LLC ( TRIP Holdings ) and RIV 2013 Rail Holdings LLC ("RIV 2013"), in which the Company has a controlling interest. In our opinion, all normal and recurring adjustments necessary for a fair presentation of the financial position of the Company as of   September 30, 2016  , and the results of operations for the   three and nine months ended     September 30, 2016   and   2015  , and cash flows for the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016   and   2015  , have been made in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles. All significant intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated. Because of seasonal and other factors, the results of operations for the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016   may not be indicative of expected results of operations for the year ending   December 31, 2016  . These interim financial statements and notes are condensed as permitted by the instructions to Form 10-Q and should be read in conjunction with the audited consolidated financial statements of the Company included in its Form 10-K for the   year ended     December 31, 2015  . 
  Stockholders' Equity 
  In   December 2015  , the Company s Board of Directors renewed its $  250 million   share repurchase program effective   January 1, 2016   through   December 31, 2017  . The new program replaced the previous program which expired on   December 31, 2015  . Under the new program,   2,070,600   shares were repurchased during the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016  , at a cost of approximately   $34.7 million  . There were   no   shares repurchased during the   three months ended     September 30, 2016  . During the   three and nine months ended     September 30, 2015  , the Company repurchased   1,556,516   shares and   3,947,320   shares, respectively, at a cost of approximately   $40.0 million   and   $115.0 million  , respectively.  
  Revenue Recognition 
  Revenues for contracts providing for a large number of units and few deliveries are recorded as the individual units are produced, inspected, and accepted by the customer as the risk of loss passes to the customer upon delivery acceptance on these contracts. This occurs primarily in the Rail and Inland Barge Groups. Revenue from rentals and operating leases, including contracts that contain non-level fixed rental payments, is recognized monthly on a straight-line basis. Revenue is recognized from the sales of railcars from the lease fleet on a gross basis in leasing revenues and cost of revenues if the railcar has been owned for one year or less at the time of sale. Sales of railcars from the lease fleet that have been owned for more than one year are recognized as a net gain or loss from the disposal of a long-term asset. Fees for shipping and handling are recorded as revenue. For all other products, we recognize revenue when products are shipped or services are provided. 
  Financial Instruments 
  The Company considers all highly liquid debt instruments to be either cash and cash equivalents if purchased with a maturity of   three months   or less, or short-term marketable securities if purchased with a maturity of more than   three months   and less than   one year  . The Company intends to hold its short-term marketable securities until they are redeemed at their maturity date and believes that under the "more likely than not" criteria, the Company will not be required to sell the securities before recovery of their amortized cost bases, which may be maturity.  
  Financial instruments that potentially subject the Company to a concentration of credit risk are primarily cash investments including restricted cash, short-term marketable securities, and receivables. The Company places its cash investments and short-term marketable securities in bank deposits and investment grade, short-term debt instruments and limits the amount of credit exposure to any one commercial issuer. Concentrations of credit risk with respect to receivables are limited due to control procedures that monitor the credit worthiness of customers, the large number of customers in the Company's customer base, and their dispersion across different industries and geographic areas. As receivables are generally unsecured, the Company maintains an allowance for doubtful accounts based upon the expected collectibility of all receivables. Receivable balances determined to be uncollectible are charged against the allowance. The carrying values of cash, short-term marketable securities (using level two inputs), receivables, and accounts payable are considered to be representative of their respective fair values. 
  
   8 

     Table of Contents  

Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
  In May 2014, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ("FASB") issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2014-09, "Revenue from Contracts with Customers," ("ASU 2014-09") providing common revenue recognition guidance for U.S. GAAP. Under ASU 2014-09, an entity recognizes revenue when it transfers promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects what it expects in exchange for the goods or services. It also requires additional detailed disclosures to enable users of financial statements to understand the nature, amount, timing, and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows arising from contracts with customers. ASU 2014-09 will become effective for public companies during interim and annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2017. We are currently evaluating the impact this standard will have on our consolidated financial statements.   
  In February 2016, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2016-02, "Leases", ("ASU 2016-02") which amends the existing accounting standards for lease accounting, including requiring lessees to recognize most leases on their balance sheets and making targeted changes to lessor accounting. ASU 2016-02 will become effective for public companies during interim and annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2018 with early adoption permitted. We are currently evaluating the impact this standard will have on our consolidated financial statements. 
  In March 2016, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2016-09, "Compensation   Stock Compensation: Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting", ("ASU 2016-09") which will change how companies account for certain aspects of share-based payments to employees. Excess tax benefits or deficiencies related to vested awards, previously recognized in stockholders' equity, will be required to be recognized in the income statement when the awards vest. ASU 2016-09 will become effective for public companies during interim and annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2016 with early adoption permitted. The effect of adopting this standard will result in volatility in the provision for income taxes depending on fluctuations in the price of the Company's stock. 

Note 2. Acquisitions and Divestitures 
  There was   no   acquisition or divestiture activity for the   three and nine months ended     September 30, 2016  .  
  In   March 2015  , we completed the acquisition of the assets of a lightweight aggregates business in our Construction Products Group with facilities located in Louisiana, Alabama, and Arkansas. As of   March 31, 2016  , the purchase price allocation of the acquisition was finalized. Such assets and liabilities were not significant in relation to assets and liabilities at the consolidated or segment level. See Note 3 Fair Value Accounting for a discussion of inputs in determining fair value. 
  In   June 2015  , we sold the assets of our galvanizing business which included   six   facilities in Texas, Mississippi, and Louisiana, recognizing a gain of   $8.2 million   which is included in gains on other dispositions of property in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. The assets and results of operations for this divestiture were included in the Construction Products Group. 

9 

Table of Contents  

Note 3. Fair Value Accounting 
  Assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis are summarized below:   

   (1)    Included in accrued liabilities on the consolidated balance sheet. 
  Fair value is defined as the exchange price that would be received for an asset or paid to transfer a liability (an exit price) in the principal or most advantageous market for that asset or liability in an orderly transaction between market participants on the measurement date. An entity is required to establish a fair value hierarchy that maximizes the use of observable inputs and minimizes the use of unobservable inputs when measuring fair value. The   three   levels of inputs that may be used to measure fair values are listed below: 
  Level 1     This level is defined as quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities. The Company s cash equivalents and restricted cash are instruments of the U.S. Treasury or highly-rated money market mutual funds. 
  Level 2     This level is defined as observable inputs other than   Level 1   prices such as quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities; quoted prices in markets that are not active; or other inputs that are observable or can be corroborated by observable market data for substantially the full term of the assets or liabilities. The Company's fuel derivative instruments, which are commodity swaps, are valued using energy and commodity market data. Interest rate hedges are valued at exit prices obtained from each counterparty. See Note 7 Derivative Instruments and Note 11 Debt. The equity instruments consist of warrants for the purchase of certain publicly-traded equity securities and are valued using the Black-Scholes-Merton option pricing model and certain assumptions regarding the exercisability of the options under the related agreement. 
  Level 3     This level is defined as unobservable inputs that are supported by little or no market activity and that are significant to the fair value of the assets or liabilities.  
  
   10 

     Table of Contents  

The carrying amounts and estimated fair values of our long-term debt are as follows: 

The estimated fair values of our senior notes and convertible subordinated notes were based on a quoted market price in a market with little activity as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015   (  Level 2   input). The estimated fair values of our   2006  ,   2009  ,   2010  , and   2012   secured railcar equipment notes and TRIP Rail Master Funding LLC ( TRIP Master Funding ) secured railcar equipment notes are based on our estimate of their fair value as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  . These values were determined by discounting their future cash flows at the current market interest rate (  Level 3   inputs). The carrying value of our Trinity Industries Leasing Company ( TILC ) warehouse facility approximates fair value because the interest rate adjusts to the market interest rate (  Level 3   input). The fair values of all other financial instruments are estimated to approximate carrying value. See Note 11 Debt for a description of the Company's long-term debt. 

Note 4. Segment Information 
  The Company reports operating results in   five   principal business segments: (1) the Rail Group, which manufactures and sells railcars and related parts, components, and maintenance services; (2) the Construction Products Group, which manufactures and sells highway products and other primarily-steel products and services for infrastructure-related projects, and produces and sells aggregates; (3) the Inland Barge Group, which manufactures and sells barges and related products for inland waterway services; (4) the Energy Equipment Group, which manufactures and sells products for energy-related businesses, including structural wind towers, steel utility structures for electricity transmission and distribution, storage and distribution containers, and tank heads for pressure and non-pressure vessels; and (5) the Railcar Leasing and Management Services Group ( Leasing Group ), which owns and operates a fleet of railcars as well as provides third-party fleet leasing, management, maintenance, and administrative services. The segment All Other includes our captive insurance and transportation companies; legal, environmental, and maintenance costs associated with non-operating facilities; and other peripheral businesses. Gains and losses from the sale of property, plant, and equipment related to manufacturing and dedicated to the specific manufacturing operations of a particular segment are included in the operating profit of that respective segment. Gains and losses from the sale of property, plant, and equipment that can be utilized by multiple segments are included in operating profit of the All Other segment. 
  
   11 

     Table of Contents  

Sales and related net profits ("deferred profit") from the Rail Group to the Leasing Group are recorded in the Rail Group and eliminated in consolidation and reflected in the "Eliminations - Lease subsidiary" line in the table below. Sales between these groups are recorded at prices comparable to those charged to external customers, taking into consideration quantity, features, and production demand. Amortization of deferred profit on railcars sold to the Leasing Group is included in the operating profit of the Leasing Group, resulting in the recognition of depreciation expense based on the Company's original manufacturing cost of the railcars. Sales of railcars from the lease fleet are included in the Leasing Group, with related gains and losses computed based on the net book value of the original manufacturing cost of the railcars.The financial information for these segments is shown in the tables below. We operate principally in North America.     
  Three Months Ended     September 30, 2016   

  Three Months Ended     September 30, 2015       

12 

     Table of Contents  

Nine Months Ended     September 30, 2016      

  Nine Months Ended     September 30, 2015    

13 

Table of Contents  

Note 5. Partially-Owned Leasing Subsidiaries 
  The Company, through its wholly-owned subsidiary, TILC, formed   two   subsidiaries, TRIP Holdings and RIV 2013, for the purpose of providing railcar leasing in North America. Each of TRIP Holdings and RIV 2013 are direct, partially-owned subsidiaries of TILC in which the Company has a controlling interest. Each is governed by a   seven  -member board of representatives,   two   of whom are designated by TILC. TILC is the agent of each of TRIP Holdings and RIV 2013 and as such, has been delegated the authority, power, and discretion to take certain actions on behalf of the respective companies.   
  At   September 30, 2016  , the Company's carrying value of its investment in TRIP Holdings and RIV 2013 totaled   $223.2 million  .  The Company's weighted average ownership interest in TRIP Holdings and RIV 2013 is   39%   while the remaining   61%   weighted average interest is owned by third-party investor-owned funds. The Company's investments in its partially-owned leasing subsidiaries are eliminated in consolidation. 
  Each of TRIP Holdings and RIV 2013 has wholly-owned subsidiaries that are the owners of railcars acquired from the Company's Rail and Leasing Groups. These wholly-owned subsidiaries are TRIP Master Funding (wholly-owned by TRIP Holdings) and Trinity Rail Leasing 2012 LLC ("TRL 2012", wholly-owned by RIV 2013). Railcar purchases by these subsidiaries were funded by secured borrowings and capital contributions from TILC and third-party equity investors.TILC is the contractual servicer for TRIP Master Funding and TRL 2012, with the authority to manage and service each entity's owned railcars. The Company's controlling interest in each of TRIP Holdings and RIV 2013 results from its combined role as both equity member and agent/servicer. The noncontrolling interest included in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets represents the non-Trinity equity interest in these partially-owned subsidiaries. 
  Trinity has   no   obligation to guarantee performance under any of the partially-owned subsidiaries' (or their respective subsidiaries') debt agreements, guarantee any railcar residual values, shield any parties from losses, or guarantee minimum yields. 
  The assets of each of TRIP Master Funding and TRL 2012 may only be used to satisfy the particular subsidiary's liabilities, and the creditors of each of TRIP Master Funding and TRL 2012 have recourse only to the particular subsidiary's assets. Each of TILC and the third-party equity investors receive distributions from TRIP Holdings and RIV 2013, when available, in proportion to its respective equity interests, and has an interest in the net assets of the partially-owned subsidiaries upon a liquidation event in the same proportion. TILC is paid fees for the services it provides to TRIP Master Funding and TRL 2012 and has the potential to earn certain incentive fees. TILC and the third-party equity investors have commitments to provide additional equity funding to TRIP Holdings that expire in   May 2019   contingent upon certain returns on investment in TRIP Holdings and other conditions being met. There are no remaining equity commitments with respect to RIV 2013.  
  See Note 11 Debt regarding the debt of TRIP Holdings and RIV 2013 and their respective subsidiaries. 

14 

Table of Contents  

Note 6. Railcar Leasing and Management Services Group 
  The Railcar Leasing and Management Services Group owns and operates a fleet of railcars as well as provides third-party fleet management, maintenance, and leasing services. Selected consolidating financial information for the Leasing Group is as follows:   

Net deferred profit on railcars sold to the Leasing Group consists of intersegment profit that is eliminated in consolidation and is, therefore, not allocated to an operating segment. See Note 5 Partially-Owned Leasing Subsidiaries and Note 11 Debt for a further discussion regarding the Company s investment in its partially-owned leasing subsidiaries and the related indebtedness. 
  
   15 

     Table of Contents  

* Not meaningful 
   (1)    Depreciation, maintenance and compliance, and rent expense are components of operating profit. Amortization of deferred profit on railcars sold from the Rail Group to the Leasing Group is included in the operating profit of the Leasing Group resulting in the recognition of depreciation expense based on the Company's original manufacturing cost of the railcars. Interest expense is not a component of operating profit and includes the effect of hedges.  
  During the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016   and   2015  , the Company received proceeds from the sales of leased railcars as follows: 

Equipment consists primarily of railcars leased by third parties. The Leasing Group purchases equipment manufactured predominantly by the Rail Group and enters into lease contracts with third parties with terms generally ranging between   one   and   twenty   years. The Leasing Group primarily enters into operating leases. Future contractual minimum rental revenues on leases are as follows: 

Debt.   The Leasing Group s debt at   September 30, 2016   consisted primarily of non-recourse debt. As of   September 30, 2016  , Trinity s wholly-owned subsidiaries included in the Leasing Group held equipment with a net book value of   $1,406.7 million    
  
   16 

     Table of Contents  

which is pledged as collateral for Leasing Group debt held by those subsidiaries, including equipment with a net book value of   $43.1 million   securing capital lease obligations. The net book value of unpledged equipment at   September 30, 2016   was   $2,204.9 million  . See Note 11 Debt for the form, maturities, and descriptions of Leasing Group debt. 
  Partially-owned subsidiaries.   Debt owed by TRIP Holdings and RIV 2013 and their respective subsidiaries is nonrecourse to Trinity and TILC. Creditors of each of TRIP Holdings and RIV 2013 and their respective subsidiaries have recourse only to the particular subsidiary's assets. TRIP Master Funding equipment with a net book value of   $1,321.8 million   is pledged as collateral for the TRIP Master Funding debt. TRL 2012 equipment with a net book value of   $572.2 million   is pledged solely as collateral for the TRL 2012 secured railcar equipment notes. See Note 5 Partially-Owned Leasing Subsidiaries for a description of TRIP Holdings and RIV 2013. 
  Off Balance Sheet Arrangements.   In prior years, the Leasing Group completed a series of financing transactions whereby railcars were sold to one or more separate independent owner trusts ( Trusts ). Each of the Trusts financed the purchase of the railcars with a combination of debt and equity. In each transaction, the equity participant in the Trust is considered to be the primary beneficiary of the Trust and therefore, the debt related to the Trust is not included as part of the consolidated financial statements. The Leasing Group, through wholly-owned, qualified subsidiaries, leased railcars from the Trusts under operating leases with terms of   22   years, and subleased the railcars to independent third-party customers under shorter term operating rental agreements.  
  These Leasing Group subsidiaries had total assets as of   September 30, 2016   of   $146.2 million  , including cash of   $53.6 million   and railcars of   $65.0 million  . The subsidiaries' cash, railcars, and an interest in each sublease are pledged to collateralize the lease obligations to the Trusts and are included in the consolidated financial statements of the Company. Trinity does not guarantee the performance of the subsidiaries  lease obligations. Certain ratios and cash deposits must be maintained by the Leasing Group s subsidiaries in order for excess cash flow, as defined in the agreements, from the lease to third parties to be available to Trinity. Future operating lease obligations of the Leasing Group s subsidiaries as well as future contractual minimum rental revenues related to these leases due to the Leasing Group are as follows: 

Operating Lease Obligations.   Future amounts due as well as future contractual minimum rental revenues related to operating leases other than leases discussed above are as follows:    

Operating lease obligations totaling   $10.2 million   are guaranteed by Trinity Industries, Inc. and certain subsidiaries. See Note 6 of the   December 31, 2015   Consolidated Financial Statements filed on Form 10-K for a detailed explanation of these financing  transactions. 

17 

Table of Contents  

Note 7. Derivative Instruments 
  We may use derivative instruments to mitigate the impact of changes in interest rates, both in anticipation of future debt issuances and to offset interest rate variability of certain floating rate debt issuances outstanding. We also may use derivative instruments to mitigate the impact of changes in natural gas and diesel fuel prices and changes in foreign currency exchange rates. Derivative instruments that are designated and qualify as cash flow hedges are accounted for in accordance with applicable accounting standards. See Note 3 Fair Value Accounting for discussion of how the Company valued its commodity hedges and interest rate swap at   September 30, 2016  . See Note 11 Debt for a description of the Company's debt instruments. 
  Interest rate hedges 

(1)   
     Weighted average fixed interest rate 

(1)    Based on the fair value of open hedges as of   September 30, 2016    
  During   2005   and   2006  , we entered into interest rate swap derivatives in anticipation of issuing our 2006 Secured Railcar Equipment Notes. These derivative instruments, with a notional amount of   $200.0 million  , were settled in   2006   and fixed the interest rate on a portion of the related debt issuance. These derivative instrument transactions are being accounted for as cash flow hedges with changes in the fair value of the instruments of   $4.5 million   in income recorded in Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss ("AOCL") through the date the related debt issuance closed in   2006  . The balance is being amortized over the term of the related debt. The effect on interest expense is due to amortization of the AOCL balance. 
  During   2006   and   2007  , we entered into interest rate swap derivatives in anticipation of issuing our Promissory Notes. These derivative instruments, with a notional amount of   $370.0 million  , were settled in   2008   and fixed the interest rate on a portion of the related debt issuance. These derivative instrument transactions were being accounted for as cash flow hedges with changes in the fair value of the instruments of   $24.5 million   recorded as a loss in AOCL through the date the related debt issuance closed in   2008  . The balance was being amortized over the term of the related debt. These derivative instruments were fully amortized in   May 2015  . The effect on interest expense is due to amortization of the AOCL balance. 
  In   2008  , we entered into an interest rate swap derivative instrument to fix the variable Libor component of the Promissory Notes. This derivative instrument expired in   May 2015   and was being accounted for as a cash flow hedge. The effect on interest expense is primarily from a result of monthly interest settlements. 
  Between   2007   and   2009  , TRIP Holdings, as required by the TRIP Warehouse Loan, entered into interest rate swap derivatives, all of which qualified as cash flow hedges, to reduce the effect of changes in variable interest rates in the TRIP Warehouse Loan. In   July 2011  , these interest rate hedges were terminated in connection with the refinancing of the TRIP Warehouse Loan. Balances included in AOCL at the date the hedges were terminated are being amortized over the expected life of the new debt with   $4.6 million   of additional interest expense expected to be recognized during the   twelve   months following   September 30, 2016  . Also in  
  
   18 

     Table of Contents  

July 2011  , TRIP Holdings  wholly-owned subsidiary, TRIP Master Funding, entered into an interest rate swap derivative instrument, expiring in   2021  , with an initial notional amount of   $94.1 million   to reduce the effect of changes in variable interest rates associated with the   Class A-1b   notes of the TRIP Master Funding secured railcar equipment notes. The effect on interest expense is primarily a result of monthly interest settlements. 
  See Note 11 Debt regarding the related debt instruments. 
  Other Derivatives 
  Natural gas and diesel fuel 
  We maintain a program to mitigate the impact of fluctuations in the price of natural gas and diesel fuel. The intent of the program is to protect our operating profit from adverse price changes by entering into derivative instruments. For those instruments that do not qualify for hedge accounting treatment, any changes in their valuation are recorded directly to the consolidated statement of operations. The effect on operating income for these instruments was not significant. The amount recorded in the consolidated balance sheet as of   September 30, 2016   for these instruments was not significant. 

Note 8. Property, Plant, and Equipment 
  The following table summarizes the components of property, plant, and equipment as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  .   

19 

Table of Contents  

Note 9. Goodwill   
  Goodwill by segment is as follows: 

Changes in goodwill during the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016   result from fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates. 

Note 10. Warranties 
  The changes in the accruals for warranties for the   three and nine months ended     September 30, 2016   and   2015   are as follows: 

20 

Table of Contents  

Note 11. Debt 
  The following table summarizes the components of debt as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  : 

We have a   $600.0 million   unsecured corporate revolving credit facility that matures in   May 2020  . As of   September 30, 2016  , we had letters of credit issued under our revolving credit facility in an aggregate principal amount of   $93.3 million  , leaving   $506.7 million   available for borrowing. Other than these letters of credit, there were   no   borrowings under our revolving credit facility as of   September 30, 2016  , or for the   nine   month period then ended. Of the outstanding letters of credit as of   September 30, 2016  , approximately   $1.0 million   is expected to expire in   2016   and the remainder primarily in   2017  . The majority of our letters of credit obligations support the Company s various insurance programs and generally renew by their terms each year. Trinity s revolving credit facility requires the maintenance of ratios related to minimum interest coverage for the leasing and manufacturing operations and maximum leverage. As of   September 30, 2016  , we were in compliance with all such financial covenants. Borrowings under the credit facility bear interest at a defined index rate plus a margin and are guaranteed by certain 100%-owned subsidiaries of the Company. 
  The Company's Convertible Subordinated Notes due   2036   ( Convertible Subordinated Notes ) bear an interest rate of   3 7/8%   per annum on the principal amount payable semi-annually in arrears on   June 1   and   December 1   of each year. In addition, commencing with the   six  -month period beginning   June 1, 2018   and for each   six  -month period thereafter, we will pay contingent interest to the holders of the Convertible Subordinated Notes under certain circumstances. The Convertible Subordinated Notes mature on   June 1, 2036  , unless redeemed, repurchased, or converted earlier. We may not redeem the Convertible Subordinated Notes before   June 1, 2018  . On or after that date, we may redeem all or part of the Convertible Subordinated Notes for cash   at 100% of the principal amount of the notes to be redeemed, plus accrued and unpaid interest (including any contingent interest) up to, but excluding, the redemption date  . Holders of the Convertible Subordinated Notes may require us to purchase all or a portion of their notes on   June 1, 2018   or upon a fundamental change. In each case, the Convertible Subordinated Notes would be purchased for cash at a price equal to   100%   of the principal amount of the notes to be purchased plus any accrued and unpaid interest (including any contingent interest) up to, but excluding, the purchase date. 
  The Convertible Subordinated Notes are recorded net of unamortized discount to reflect their underlying economics by capturing the value of the conversion option as borrowing costs. As of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , capital in excess of par  
  
   21 

     Table of Contents  

value included   $92.5 million   related to the estimated value of the Convertible Subordinated Notes  conversion options, in accordance with ASC 470-20. Debt discount recorded in the consolidated balance sheet is being amortized through   June 1, 2018   to yield an effective annual interest rate of   8.42%   based upon the estimated market interest rate for comparable non-convertible debt as of the issuance date of the Convertible Subordinated Notes. Total interest expense recognized on the Convertible Subordinated Notes for the   three and nine months ended     September 30, 2016   and   2015   is as follows: 

Holders of the Convertible Subordinated Notes may convert their notes under the following circumstances: 1) if the daily closing price of our common stock is greater than or equal to   130%   of the conversion price during   20   of the last   30   trading days of the preceding calendar quarter; 2) upon notice of redemption; or 3) upon the occurrence of specified corporate transactions pursuant to the terms of the applicable indenture. Upon conversion, the Company is required to pay cash up to the aggregate principal amount of the Convertible Subordinated Notes to be converted. Any conversion obligation in excess of the aggregate principal amount of the Convertible Subordinated Notes to be converted may be settled in cash, shares of the Company s common stock, or a combination of cash and shares of the Company s common stock, at the Company s election. The conversion price, which is subject to adjustment upon the occurrence of certain events, was $  24.66   per share as of   September 30, 2016  . The Convertible Subordinated Notes were not subject to conversion as of   October 1, 2016  . See Note 17 Earnings Per Common Share for an explanation of the effects of the Convertible Subordinated Notes on earnings per share. The Company has not entered into any derivatives transactions associated with these notes. 
  The   $1.0 billion   TILC warehouse loan facility, established to finance railcars owned by TILC, had   $236.8 million   in outstanding borrowings as of   September 30, 2016  . Under the facility,   $763.2 million   was unused and available as of   September 30, 2016   based on the amount of warehouse-eligible, unpledged equipment. The warehouse loan facility is a non-recourse obligation secured by a portfolio of railcars and operating leases, certain cash reserves, and other assets acquired and owned by the warehouse loan facility trust. The principal and interest of this indebtedness are paid from the cash flows of the underlying leases. Advances under the facility bear interest at a defined index rate plus a margin, for an all-in interest rate of   2.46%   at   September 30, 2016  . The warehouse loan facility has been renewed and extended through   April 2018  .  Interest rate pricing remained unchanged under the renewed facility. Amounts outstanding at maturity, absent renewal, are payable under the renewed facility in   April 2019  .  
  Terms and conditions of other debt, including recourse and non-recourse provisions, are described in Note 11 of the   December 31, 2015   Consolidated Financial Statements filed on Form 10-K. The remaining principal payments under existing debt agreements as of   September 30, 2016   are as follows: 

22 

Table of Contents  

Note 12. Other, Net 
  Other, net (income) expense consists of the following items: 

Other for the   three and nine months ended     September 30, 2016   includes   $0.4 million   and   $2.5 million  , respectively, in income related to the change in fair value of certain equity instruments. 
   
   Note 13. Income Taxes 
    
  The provision for income taxes results in effective tax rates that differ from the statutory rates. The following is a reconciliation between the statutory U.S. federal income tax rate and the Company s effective income tax rate on income before income taxes:  

Our effective tax rate reflects the Company's estimate for 2016 of its state income tax expense and income attributable to the noncontrolling interests in partially-owned leasing subsidiaries for which no income tax expense is provided. See Note 5 Partially-Owned Leasing Subsidiaries for a further explanation of activities with respect to our partially-owned leasing subsidiaries.  
  Taxing authority examinations 
  The Internal Revenue Service ("IRS") field work for our   2006-2008   audit cycle and our   2009-2011   audit cycle have concluded and all issues have been agreed upon by us and the IRS. The previously disclosed issues that were a part of the mutual agreement process ("MAP") have been agreed upon. As the cycles included years in which tax refunds were issued to us, the Joint Committee on Taxation ("JCT") is required to review the final revenue agent report before the issues are effectively settled. Formal submission will occur during the fourth quarter of 2016. For this reason, we cannot determine when the   2006-2008   or the   2009-2011   cycle will close and all issues will be formally settled. 
  We have various subsidiaries in Mexico that file separate tax returns and are subject to examination by taxing authorities at different times. The   2007   tax year of one of our Mexican subsidiaries is still under review for transfer pricing purposes only, and its statute of limitations remains open through the later of the resolution of the MAP or   July 2018  . The remaining entities are generally open for their   2010   tax years and forward.  
  
   23 

     Table of Contents  

Unrecognized tax benefits 
  The change in unrecognized tax benefits for the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016   and   2015   was as follows:  

Additions for tax positions related to the current year in the amounts of   $4.6 million   and   $4.1 million   recorded in the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively, were amounts provided for tax positions that will be taken for federal and state income tax purposes when we file those tax returns. Additions for tax positions related to prior years of   $1.0 million   recorded in the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016   are due to a state filing position. The reductions in tax positions of prior years of   $0.1 million   for the   nine months ended     September 30, 2015   were primarily related to changes in state taxes. Settlements during the   nine months ended     September 30, 2015   were due to a state tax position effectively settled upon audit and a settlement of an audit of one of our Mexican companies.  
  The total amount of unrecognized tax benefits including interest and penalties at   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , that would affect the Company s overall effective tax rate if recognized was   $15.6 million   and   $15.0 million  , respectively. There is a reasonable possibility that unrecognized federal and state tax benefits will   decrease   by   $9.6 million   by   September 30, 2017  , due to settlements and lapses in statutes of limitations for assessing tax for tax years in which an extension was not requested by the taxing authority. We have entered into an agreement with the IRS to extend the statute of limitations to assess tax on our   2006-2011   tax years to account for the JCT review and expect these years to close by   December 31, 2017  . 
  Trinity accounts for interest expense and penalties related to income tax issues as income tax expense. Accordingly, interest expense and penalties associated with an uncertain tax position are included in the income tax provision. The total amount of accrued interest and penalties as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015   was   $13.9 million   and   $12.4 million  , respectively. Income tax expense included an   increase   of   $0.6 million   and   $1.5 million   in interest expense and penalties related to uncertain tax positions for the   three and nine months ended     September 30, 2016  , respectively. Income tax expense included an   increase   of   $0.3 million   and   $0.7 million   in interest expense and penalties related to uncertain tax positions for the   three and nine months ended     September 30, 2015  , respectively. 

Note 14. Employee Retirement Plans 
  The following table summarizes the components of net retirement cost for the Company:  

24 

     Table of Contents  

Trinity contributed   $1.6 million   and   $4.7 million   to the Company's defined benefit pension plans for the   three and nine months ended     September 30, 2016  , respectively. Trinity contributed   $7.4 million   and   $15.5 million   to the Company's defined benefit pension plans for the   three and nine months ended     September 30, 2015  , respectively. Total contributions to the Company's defined benefit pension plans in   2016   are expected to be approximately   $4.8 million  . The Company participates in a multiemployer defined benefit plan under the terms of a collective-bargaining agreement that covers certain union-represented employees. The Company contributed   $0.6 million   and   $1.7 million   to the multiemployer plan for the   three and nine months ended     September 30, 2016  , respectively. The Company contributed   $0.6 million   and   $1.9 million   to the multiemployer plan for the   three and nine months ended     September 30, 2015  , respectively. Total contributions to the multiemployer plan for   2016   are expected to be approximately   $2.3 million  . 

Note 15. Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss 
  Changes in accumulated other comprehensive loss for the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016   are as follows: 

See Note 7 Derivative Instruments for information on the reclassification of amounts in accumulated other comprehensive loss into earnings. Reclassifications of unrealized before-tax losses on derivative financial instruments are included in interest expense in the consolidated statements of operations. Approximately   $3.0 million   of the before-tax reclassification of net actuarial gains/(losses) of defined benefit plans are included in cost of revenues with the remainder included in selling, engineering, and administrative expenses in the consolidated statement of operations for the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016  . 

Note 16. Stock-Based Compensation 
   Stock-based compensation totaled approximately   $10.4 million   and   $33.2 million   for the   three and nine months ended     September 30, 2016  , respectively. Stock-based compensation totaled approximately   $15.0 million   and   $46.3 million   for the   three and nine months ended     September 30, 2015  , respectively. 

25 

Table of Contents  

Note 17. Earnings Per Common Share 
  Basic net income attributable to Trinity Industries, Inc. per common share is computed by dividing net income attributable to Trinity remaining after allocation to unvested restricted shares by the weighted average number of basic common shares outstanding for the period. Except when the effect would be antidilutive, the calculation of diluted net income attributable to Trinity per common share includes 1) the net impact of unvested restricted shares and shares that could be issued under outstanding stock options and 2) the incremental shares calculated by dividing the value of the conversion obligation in excess of the Convertible Subordinated Notes' aggregate principal amount by the average price of the Company's common stock during the period. Total weighted average restricted shares and antidilutive stock options were   6.3 million   shares and   6.7 million   shares for the   three and nine months ended     September 30, 2016  . Total weighted average restricted shares and antidilutive stock options were   6.3 million   shares and   6.9 million   shares for the   three and nine months ended     September 30, 2015  , respectively.  
  The computation of basic and diluted net income attributable to Trinity Industries, Inc. follows.  

26 

Table of Contents  

Note 18. Contingencies  
  Highway products litigation 
  We previously reported the filing of a False Claims Act ( FCA ) complaint in the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Texas, Marshall Division ( District Court ) styled   Joshua Harman, on behalf of the United States of America, Plaintiff/Relator v. Trinity Industries, Inc., Defendant  , Case No. 2:12-cv-00089-JRG (E.D. Tex.). In this case, the relator, Mr. Joshua Harman, alleged the Company violated the FCA pertaining to sales of the Company's ET-Plus  System, a highway guardrail end-terminal system ( ET Plus ). On October 20, 2014, a trial in this case concluded with a jury verdict stating that the Company and its subsidiary, Trinity Highway Products, LLC ( Trinity Highway Products ),  knowingly made, used or caused to be made or used, a false record or statement material to a false or fraudulent claim" and awarding   $175.0 million   in damages. Following unsuccessful settlement negotiations to resolve this dispute and the District Court's denial of the Company s post-verdict motion for judgment as a matter of law, on June 9, 2015 the District Court entered judgment on the verdict in the total amount of   $682.4 million  , comprised of   $175.0 million   in damages, which amount is automatically trebled under the FCA to   $525.0 million   plus   $138.4 million   in civil penalties and   $19.0 million   in costs and attorneys' fees.   
  On June 23, 2015, the District Court approved the Company s posting of a supersedeas bond in the amount of   $686.0 million   (the  Bond ) and ordered a stay of the execution of the District Court s June 9, 2015 entry of judgment of   $682.4 million   against the Company pending resolution of all appeals. The Company obtained the Bond on an unsecured basis and the annual premium is currently   $3.7 million  . 
  On July 7, 2015, the Company filed a Motion for New Trial with the District Court and on August 3, 2015, the Motion was denied.  On August 28, 2015, the Company filed a Notice of Appeal to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit ( Fifth Circuit ). On March 21, 2016, the Company filed its opening appellate brief. On March 28, 2016,   six   separate   amicus curiae   briefs were filed in the Fifth Circuit by the following organizations and individuals in support of Trinity s appeal seeking a reversal of the judgment:  (i) Eleven states - Texas, Alabama, Arkansas, Colorado, Indiana, Louisiana, Nevada, Oklahoma, South Carolina, Utah and Wisconsin; (ii) the National Association of Manufacturers, United States Chamber of Commerce, and the American Tort Reform Association; (iii) five former United States Department of Justice Officials; (iv) Mothers Against Drunk Driving; (v) the Cato Institute; and (vi) the Washington Legal Foundation. On June 9, 2016, Mr. Joshua Harman filed his responsive appeal brief in the Fifth Circuit. On June 16, 2016,   six     amicus curiae   briefs were filed in the Fifth Circuit by several organizations and individuals in support of Mr. Harman's opposition to the Company's appeal. On July 21, 2016, the Company filed its reply brief in this matter. The Company's Fifth Circuit appeal is now fully briefed and is currently scheduled for oral argument before the Fifth Circuit in December 2016.  
  Texas A M Transportation Institute ( TTI ), a member of The Texas A M University System, designed the technology employed in the ET Plus. The Texas A M University System is the owner of patents issued by the U.S. Patent Office that cover the ET Plus. Trinity Highway Products manufactures and markets the ET Plus pursuant to an exclusive license granted by The Texas A M University System. In 2005, Trinity Highway Products contracted with TTI to conduct crash testing of the ET Plus to demonstrate compliance with the required crash test criteria set out in National Cooperative Highway Research Program Report 350 ( Report 350 ). Following the 2005 crash testing, TTI prepared and provided to Trinity Highway Products the test reports on the crash test performance of the ET Plus. These reports were reviewed by the Federal Highway Administration (the  FHWA ) in their 2005 acceptance of the product for use on the national highway system and determination of the product s eligibility for federal-aid reimbursement. In a memorandum dated June 17, 2014, the FHWA confirmed that  The Trinity ET Plus with 4-inch guide channels became eligible for federal-aid reimbursement under FHWA letter CC-94 on September 2, 2005. In addition, the device is eligible for reimbursement under FHWA letters CC-94A and CC-120.  In this memorandum the FHWA confirmed that the reimbursement eligibility applies at guardrail heights from 27  " to 31". The memorandum goes on to state that an  unbroken chain of eligibility for federal-aid reimbursement has existed since September 2, 2005 and the ET Plus continues to be eligible today.  
  Preceding the October 2014 trial in this matter, the Company filed a Petition for Writ of Mandamus with the Fifth Circuit based, in part, on the District Court s failure to apply precedential case law.  The Fifth Circuit denied this petition, but expressed concern regarding the District Court s failure to issue a reasoned ruling rejecting the Company s prior motions for judgment as a matter of law. The Fifth Circuit also stated that the FHWA s authoritative memorandum of June 17, 2014 appears to compel the conclusion that the FHWA, after due consideration of all the facts, found the ET Plus sufficiently compliant with federal safety standards and therefore fully eligible, in the past, present and future, for federal-aid reimbursement claims. Additionally, the Fifth Circuit noted that a strong argument could be made that the Company s actions were neither material nor were any false claims based on false certifications presented to the government. We believe this reinforces our prospects for a successful outcome on appeal. 
  Crash testing and FHWA assessments 
  Following the October 20, 2014 jury verdict, the FHWA requested that the Company conduct   eight   separate crash tests pursuant to crash test criteria set out in Report 350. Due to the FHWA s request for additional ET Plus crash tests, on October 24, 2014 the Company announced that it would suspend shipment of the ET Plus to customers. The FHWA-requested tests were conducted in December 2014 and January 2015 at Southwest Research Institute, an FHWA-approved and independent research facility. Following  
  
   27 

     Table of Contents  

completion of the first   four   tests at a 27  " guardrail installation height, and again after completion of the second   four   tests at a 31" guardrail installation height, the FHWA reported that the ET Plus passed all tests. Performance evaluation results from   eight   successful crash tests validate Trinity Highway Products' long standing position that the ET Plus performs as tested for both guardrail installation heights when properly installed and maintained. On March 11, 2015, the FHWA and the American Association of State Highway and Transportation Officials ("AASHTO") released the findings of a joint task force ("Task Force I"), comprised of representatives from the FHWA, AASHTO, the state Departments of Transportation of South Dakota, New Hampshire, Missouri, Ohio, Delaware, and Wyoming, and the Ministry of Transportation of Ontario, Canada, that evaluated field measurement data collected by FHWA engineers from more than   1,000   4-inch ET Plus devices installed on roadways throughout the country. Task Force I concluded there is no evidence to suggest that there are multiple versions of the 4-inch ET Plus on the nation's roadways.  Task Force I also concluded that the ET Plus end terminals crash tested at Southwest Research Institute in December 2014 and January 2015 were representative of the devices installed across the country.    
  The FHWA and AASHTO formed a second joint task force ("Task Force II ) comprised of representatives from the FHWA, AASHTO, the state Departments of Transportation of Iowa, Georgia, New Hampshire, North Carolina, New York, Michigan, Missouri, Delaware, and Utah, and independent experts to further evaluate the in-service performance of the ET Plus and other guardrail end terminals through the collection and analysis of a broad array of data. In a report dated September 11, 2015, the FHWA and AASHTO released certain findings, conclusions, and recommendations of Task Force II, including but not limited to, the following: there are no performance limitations unique to the ET Plus; there will be real-world accident conditions that exceed the performance expectations of all manufacturers  guardrail end terminal systems; and additional crash testing of all existing Report 350 compliant guardrail end terminals, including the ET Plus,  would not be informative  and  would be irrelevant .   
  The Company is vigorously pursuing a reversal of the   $682.4 million   judgment before the Fifth Circuit. Appellate review will result in legal expenses that are expensed as incurred. We remain confident in the performance of the product at issue in this matter, and we maintain that the allegations in the case are baseless and without merit. We believe our filing in the Fifth Circuit articulates in a clear and convincing way why the judgment should not stand.    
  Based on information currently available to the Company, including, but not limited to the significance of the successful completion of eight post-verdict crash tests of the ET Plus and the favorable findings and conclusions published by both Task Force I and II regarding ET Plus end terminal systems installed on the nation's roadways, we do not believe that a loss is probable in this matter, therefore   no   accrual has been included in the accompanying consolidated financial statements.  
  There were   no   revenues from the sales of ET Plus systems in the United States for the first three quarters of 2015 as a result of the Company s action to suspend shipments of the product during that time. The Company resumed shipment of ET Plus systems in the fourth quarter of 2015. Revenues from sales of the ET Plus, included in the Construction Products Group, totaled approximately   $0.7 million   and   $2.6 million   for the   three and nine months ended     September 30, 2016  , respectively. 
  State, county, and municipal actions 
  Trinity is aware of   31   states and the District of Columbia that have removed the ET Plus from their respective qualified products list.  
  Mr. Harman has also filed   nine   separate state qui tam actions pursuant to: the Virginia Fraud Against Taxpayers Act (  Commonwealth of Virginia ex rel. Joshua M. Harman v. Trinity Industries, Inc. and Trinity Highway Products, LLC  , Case No. CL13-698, in the Circuit Court, Richmond, Virginia); the Indiana False Claims and Whistleblower Protection Act (  State of Indiana ex rel. Joshua M. Harman Qui Tam v. Trinity Industries, Inc., and Trinity Highway Products, LLC  , Case No. 49D06-1407-PL-024117, in the Sixth Court of Marion County, Indiana); the Delaware False Claims and Reporting Act (  State of Delaware ex rel. Joshua M. Harman v. Trinity Industries, Inc., and Trinity Highway Products, LLC  , Civ. No. N14C-06-227 MMJ CCLD, in the Superior Court of the State of Delaware In and For New Castle County); the Iowa False Claims Act (  State of Iowa ex rel. Joshua M. Harman v. Trinity Industries, Inc., and Trinity Highway Products,     LLC  , Case No. CVCV048309, in the Iowa District Court for Polk County); the Rhode Island False Claims Act (  State of Rhode Island ex rel. Joshua M. Harman v. Trinity Industries, Inc., and Trinity Highway Products, LLC  , Case No. 14-3498, in the Superior Court for the State of Rhode Island and Providence Plantations); the Tennessee False Claims Act (  State of Tennessee ex rel. Joshua M. Harman v. Trinity Industries, Inc., and Trinity Highway Products, LLC  , Case No. 14C2652, in the Circuit Court for Davidson County, Tennessee); the Minnesota False Claims Act (  State of Minnesota ex rel. Joshua M. Harman Qui Tam v. Trinity Industries, Inc., and Trinity Highway Products, LLC  , Case No. 62-CV-14-3457, in the Second Judicial District Court, Ramsey County, Minnesota); the Montana False Claims Act (  State of Montana ex rel. Joshua M. Harman v. Trinity Industries, Inc., and Trinity Highway Products, LLC  , Case No. DV 14-0692, in the Montana Thirteenth Judicial District Court for Yellowstone County); and the Georgia Taxpayer Protection False Claims Act (  State of Georgia ex rel. Joshua M. Harman v. Trinity Industries, Inc., and Trinity Highway Products, LLC  , Case No. 1:15-CV-1260, in the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of Georgia). In each of these   nine   cases Mr. Harman is alleging the Company violated the respective states' false claims act pertaining to sales of the ET Plus, and he is seeking damages, civil penalties, attorneys  fees, costs and interest. Also, the respective states  Attorneys General filed Notices of Election to Decline Intervention in all of these matters, with the exception of the Commonwealth of Virginia Attorney General who intervened in the Virginia matter. At this time all of the above-referenced state qui tam cases are stayed.  
  
   28 

     Table of Contents  

The Company believes these state qui tam lawsuits are without merit and intends to vigorously defend all allegations. Other states could take similar or different actions, and could be considering similar state false claims or other litigation against the Company.  
  The Company is aware of   three   class action lawsuits involving claims pertaining to the ET Plus. The Company has been served  in a lawsuit filed November 26, 2014, titled   Hamilton County, Illinois and Macon County, Illinois, Individually and on behalf of all Other Counties in the State of Illinois vs. Trinity Industries, Inc. and Trinity Highway Products, LLC  , Case No. 3:14-cv-1320 (Southern District of Illinois). This complaint was later amended to substitute St. Clair County, Illinois for Hamilton County as a lead plaintiff and to expand the proposed class. The case is being brought by plaintiffs for and on behalf of themselves and the other   101   counties of the State of Illinois and on behalf of cities, villages, incorporated towns, and township governments of the State of Illinois. The plaintiffs allege that the Company and Trinity Highway Products made a series of un-tested modifications to the ET Plus and falsely certified that the modified ET Plus was acceptable for use on the nation s highways based on federal testing standards and approval for federal-aid reimbursement. The plaintiffs also allege breach of implied warranties, violation of the Illinois Uniform Deceptive Trade Practices Act and unjust enrichment, for which plaintiffs seek actual damages related to purchases of the ET Plus, compensatory damages for establishing a common fund for class members, punitive damages, attorneys' fees and costs, and injunctive relief. 
  The Company has also been served in a lawsuit filed February 11, 2015, titled   The Corporation of the City of Stratford and Trinity Industries, Inc., Trinity Highway Products, LLC, and Trinity Industries Canada, Inc.  , Case No. 15-2622 CP  ,   pending in Ontario Superior Court of Justice. The alleged class in this matter has been identified as persons in Canada who purchased and/or used an ET Plus guardrail end terminal. The plaintiff alleges that Trinity Industries, Inc., Trinity Highway Products, LLC, and Trinity Industries Canada, Inc., failed to warn of dangers associated with undisclosed modifications to the ET Plus guardrail end terminals, breached an implied warranty, breached a duty of care, and were negligent. The plaintiff is seeking   $400 million   in compensatory damages and   $100 million   in punitive damages. Alternatively, the plaintiff claims the right to an accounting or other restitution remedy for disgorgement of the revenues generated by the sale of the modified ET Plus in Canada. 
  The Company has been served in a lawsuit filed November 5, 2015, titled   Jackson County, Missouri, individually and on behalf of a class of others similarly situated vs. Trinity Industries, Inc. and Trinity Highway Products, LLC  , Case No. 1516-CV23684 (Circuit Court of Jackson County, Missouri). The case is being brought by plaintiff for and on behalf of itself and all Missouri counties with a population of 10,000 or more persons, including the City of St. Louis, and the State of Missouri s transportation authority. The plaintiff alleges that the Company and Trinity Highway Products did not disclose design changes to the ET Plus and these allegedly undisclosed design changes made the ET Plus allegedly defective, unsafe, and unreasonably dangerous. The plaintiff alleges product liability negligence, product liability strict liability, and negligently supplying dangerous instrumentality for supplier s business purposes. The plaintiff seeks compensatory damages, interest, attorneys' fees and costs, and in the alternative plaintiff seeks a declaratory judgment that the ET Plus is defective, the Company s conduct was unlawful, and class-wide costs and expenses associated with removing and replacing the ET Plus throughout Missouri.  
  The Company believes each of these county and municipal class action lawsuits is without merit and intends to vigorously defend all allegations. While the financial impacts of these   three    county and municipal class action lawsuits are currently unknown, they could be material.  
  Based on the information currently available to the Company, we currently do not believe that a loss is probable in any one or more of the actions described under "State, county, and municipal actions", therefore   no   accrual has been included in the accompanying consolidated financial statements. Because of the complexity of these actions as well as the current status of certain of these actions, we are not able to estimate a range of possible losses with respect to any one or more of these actions. 
  Federal grand jury subpoena 
  In April 2015, the Company received a federal subpoena from the U.S. Department of Justice through the U.S. Attorney for the District of Massachusetts. The subpoena requested documents from 1999 through the present relating to the ET 2000 and ET Plus guardrail end-terminal products. The Company cooperated with this request and on August 18, 2016, the Company received confirmation from the U.S. Attorney for the District of Massachusetts that it had closed its investigation and was not taking any enforcement action against the Company. 
  
   29 

     Table of Contents  

Product liability cases 
  The Company is currently defending a number of product liability lawsuits in several different states that are alleged to involve the ET Plus as well as other products manufactured by Trinity Highway Products. These cases are diverse in light of the randomness of collisions in general and the fact that each accident involving a roadside device such as an end terminal, or any other fixed object along the highway has its own unique facts and circumstances. Report 350 recognizes that performance of even the most carefully researched and tested roadside device is subject to physical laws and the crash worthiness of vehicles. The Company expects the judgment in the FCA case, coupled with the media attention such judgment has generated, will prompt the plaintiff s bar to seek out individuals involved in collisions with a Trinity Highway Products manufactured product as potential clients, which may result in additional product liability lawsuits being filed against the Company. The Company carries general liability insurance to mitigate the impact of adverse judgment exposures in these product liability cases. To the extent that the Company believes that a loss is probable with respect to these product liability cases, the accrual for such losses is included in the amounts described below under "Other matters". 
  Shareholder class actions 
  On January 11, 2016, the previously reported cases styled   Thomas Nemky, Individually and On Behalf of All Other Similarly Situated v. Trinity Industries, Inc., Timothy R. Wallace, and James E. Perry  , Case No. (2:15-CV-00732) ( Nemky ) and   Richard J. Isolde, Individually and On Behalf of All Other Similarly Situated v. Trinity Industries, Inc., Timothy R. Wallace, and James E. Perry,   Case No. (3:15-CV-2093) ("Isolde"), were consolidated in the District Court for the Northern District of Texas, with all future filings to be filed in the Isolde case. On March 9, 2016, the Court appointed the Department of the Treasury of the State of New Jersey and its Division of Investment and the Plumbers and Pipefitters National Pension Fund and United Association Local Union Officers   Employees  Pension Fund as co-lead plaintiffs ("Lead Plaintiffs). On May 11, 2016, the Lead Plaintiffs filed their Consolidated Complaint alleging defendants Trinity Industries, Inc., Timothy R. Wallace, James E. Perry, and Gregory B. Mitchell violated Section 10(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, Rule 10b-5 promulgated thereunder, and defendants Mr. Wallace and Mr. Perry violated Section 20(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 by making materially false and misleading statements and/or by failing to disclose material facts about Trinity's ET Plus and the FCA case styled   Joshua Harman, on behalf of the United States of America, Plaintiff/Relator v. Trinity Industries, Inc., Defendant  , Case No. 2:12-cv-00089-JRG (E.D. Tex.). On August 18, 2016, Trinity, Mr. Wallace, Mr. Perry, and Mr. Mitchell filed motions to dismiss Lead Plaintiffs Consolidated Complaint. 
   Trinity, Mr. Wallace, Mr. Perry, and Mr. Mitchell deny and intend to vigorously defend against the allegations in the Isolde case. Based on the information available to the Company, we currently do not believe that a loss is probable with respect to this shareholder class action; therefore   no   accrual has been included in the accompanying consolidated financial statements. Because of the complexity of these actions as well as the current status of certain of these actions, we are not able to estimate a range of possible losses with respect to these matters. 
  Stockholder books and records requests 
  The Company has received multiple requests from stockholders pursuant to the Delaware General Corporation Law to review certain of the Company's books and records related to the ET Plus and the FCA case styled   Joshua Harman, on behalf of the United States of America, Plaintiff/Relator v. Trinity Industries, Inc., Defendant  , Case No. 2:12-cv-00089-JRG (E.D. Tex.)  .    The stockholders' stated purpose for seeking access to the Company's books and records is to investigate the possibility of whether the directors or officers of the Company committed breaches of fiduciary duty or other wrongdoing.  In accordance with the Company's obligations under the Delaware law when such requests are properly filed, the Company has provided books and records to some of those stockholders.  
  Other matters 
  The Company is involved in claims and lawsuits incidental to our business arising from various matters including product warranty, personal injury, environmental issues, workplace laws, and various governmental regulations. The Company evaluates its exposure to such claims and suits periodically and establishes accruals for these contingencies when a range of loss can be reasonably estimated. The range of reasonably possible losses for such matters, taking into consideration our rights in indemnity and recourse to third parties is   $5.0 million   to   $13.6 million  . This range includes any amount related to the Highway Products litigation matters described above in the section titled  Product liability cases . At   September 30, 2016  , total accruals of   $21.0 million  , including environmental and workplace matters described below, are included in accrued liabilities in the accompanying consolidated balance sheet. The Company believes any additional liability would not be material to its financial position or results of operations. 
  Trinity is subject to remedial orders and federal, state, local, and foreign laws and regulations relating to the environment and the workplace. The Company has reserved   $3.7 million   to cover our probable and estimable liabilities with respect to the investigations, assessments, and remedial responses to such matters, taking into account currently available information and our contractual rights to indemnification and recourse to third parties. However, estimates of liability arising from future proceedings, assessments, or remediation are inherently imprecise. Accordingly, there can be no assurance that we will not become involved  
  
   30 

     Table of Contents  

in future litigation or other proceedings involving the environment and the workplace or, if we are found to be responsible or liable in any such litigation or proceeding, that such costs would not be material to the Company. We believe that we are currently in substantial compliance with environmental and workplace laws and regulations. 

31 

Table of Contents  

Note 19. Financial Statements for Guarantors of the Senior Notes 
  The Company s Senior Notes are fully and unconditionally and jointly and severally guaranteed by certain of Trinity s 100%-owned subsidiaries: Trinity Industries Leasing Company; Trinity Marine Products, Inc.; Trinity North American Freight Car, Inc.; Trinity Rail Group, LLC; Trinity Tank Car, Inc.; and Trinity Meyer Utility Structures LLC  (collectively, the "Combined Guarantor Subsidiaries ). The Senior Notes indenture agreement includes customary provisions for the release of the guarantees by the Combined Guarantor Subsidiaries upon the occurrence of certain allowed events including the release of one or more of the Combined Guarantor Subsidiaries as guarantor under the Company's revolving credit facility. See Note 11 Debt. The Senior Notes are not guaranteed by any remaining 100%-owned subsidiaries of the Company or partially-owned subsidiaries ( Combined Non-Guarantor Subsidiaries ).  
  As of   September 30, 2016  , assets held by the Combined Non-Guarantor Subsidiaries included $  149.9 million   of restricted cash that was not available for distribution to Trinity Industries, Inc. ( Parent ), $  3,327.8 million   of equipment securing certain non-recourse debt, $  69.0 million   of equipment securing certain lease obligations held by the Combined Non-Guarantor Subsidiaries, and $  368.0 million   of assets located in foreign locations. As of   December 31, 2015  , assets held by the Combined Non-Guarantor Subsidiaries included $  160.5 million   of restricted cash that was not available for distribution to the Parent, $  3,437.1 million   of equipment securing certain non-recourse debt, $  71.2 million   of equipment securing certain lease obligations held by the Combined Non-Guarantor Subsidiaries, and $  359.0 million   of assets located in foreign locations. 
  
   32 

     Table of Contents  

33 

     Table of Contents  

34 

     Table of Contents  

35 

     Table of Contents  

36 

     Table of Contents  

37 

Table of Contents  

Item 2.     Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations ( MD A ) is intended to provide readers of our financial statements with a narrative from the perspective of our management on our financial condition, results of operations, liquidity, and certain other factors that may affect our future results. Our MD A is presented in the following sections: 
     Executive Summary 
     Results of Operations 
     Liquidity and Capital Resources 
     Contractual Obligations and Commercial Commitments 
     Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
     Forward-Looking Statements 
  Our MD A should be read in conjunction with the unaudited consolidated financial statements of Trinity Industries, Inc. and subsidiaries ("Trinity", "Company", "we", and "our") and related Notes in Part I, Item 1 of the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, of the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year-ended   December 31, 2015  .  
   
  Executive Summary  
  The Company's revenues for the   three and nine months ended     September 30, 2016   were   $1,111.7 million   and   $3,484.5 million  , respectively, representing a decrease of   $430.5 million   and   $1,361.2 million  , respectively, or   28%   over the same periods in 2015. Operating profit for the   three and nine months ended     September 30, 2016   totaled   $183.6 million   and   $578.6 million  , respectively, compared to   $364.9 million   and   $1,080.9 million  , respectively, for the same periods in   2015  . The decrease in both revenues and operating profit for the   three and nine months ended     September 30, 2016  , when compared to the prior year periods, resulted primarily from lower volumes in our Rail and Inland Barge Groups as well as lower leased railcar sales in the Leasing Group. Revenues and operating profit generated by our Energy Equipment Group decreased for the   three and nine months ended     September 30, 2016   primarily as a result of lower delivery volumes in our utility structures business and other product lines partially offset by an increase in revenues from our wind towers business. When compared to the same periods in 2015, revenues produced by our Construction Products Group decreased for the   three and nine months ended     September 30, 2016   primarily as a result of lower volumes in our Highway Products business for the   three months ended     September 30, 2016   and lower volumes for the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016   from the lost revenues resulting from the sale of our galvanizing business in June 2015. Operating profit in our Construction Products Group increased for the   three months ended     September 30, 2016   primarily as a result of reduced operating costs. Operating profit in our Construction Products Group increased for the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016   primarily as a result of higher volumes in our Aggregates business and reduced operating costs.  
  Selling, engineering, and administrative expenses decreased by   10.0%   for the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016  , when compared to the prior year period primarily due to lower compensation expenses. The Company's headcount, including both production and non-production personnel, has decreased approximately 16% since   September 30, 2015   and approximately 13% since the end of   2015   primarily due to actions taken to realign our costs with current market conditions.  
  Net income for the   three and nine months ended     September 30, 2016   was   $89.6 million   and   $290.5 million  , respectively, compared with   $212.2 million   and   $622.0 million  , respectively, for the same periods in   2015  . Net income attributable to Trinity Industries, Inc. common stockholders for the   three and nine months ended     September 30, 2016   was   $84.2 million   and   $276.0 million  , respectively, compared with   $204.3 million   and   $596.5 million  , respectively, for the prior year periods.  
  Our Rail, Inland Barge, and Leasing Groups and our structural wind towers, utility structures, and storage and distribution containers businesses operate in cyclical industries. Additionally, results in our Construction Products Group are affected by seasonal fluctuations with the second and third quarters historically being the quarters with the highest revenues. Due to their transactional nature, railcar sales from the lease fleet are the primary driver of fluctuations in results in the Railcar Leasing and Management Services Group. 
  The current level of uncertainty in the macro-economic environment continues to limit the pace of new order volumes in certain of the Company's businesses. During the last several years, many of our businesses benefitted from capital investment activity occurring in the upstream energy markets due to a relatively high, stable price of oil. The extended downturn in the energy sector as well as other factors including, among others, the strong dollar and weakness across other commodity prices, has created uncertainty for a number of our customers in their long-term capital planning processes. We continue to assess demand for our products and services and take steps to align our manufacturing capacity appropriately.   
  
   38 

     Table of Contents  

As of   September 30, 2016   and   2015   our backlog of firm and noncancellable orders was as follows: 

For the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016  , our rail manufacturing businesses received orders for   5,790   railcars. The change in backlog as of   September 30, 2016   compared with our backlog as of   September 30, 2015   reflects the value of orders taken and orders delivered during the period. The orders in our backlog from the Leasing Group are fully supported by lease commitments with external customers. The final amount dedicated to the Leasing Group may vary by the time of delivery as customers may alternatively choose to purchase railcars as external sales from the Rail Group. The Company does not report backlog from its utility structures business because certain contracts contain partial order cancellation provisions.  
  Included in the wind towers backlog is a May 2016 order to manufacture $940 million of wind towers. The Company is expected to deliver these wind towers during a three-year period beginning in 2017. 
  During the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016   and   2015  , the Company received proceeds from the sales of leased railcars as follows: 

In   December 2015  , the Company s Board of Directors renewed its $  250 million   share repurchase program effective January 1, 2016 through December 31, 2017. The new program replaced the previous program which expired on December 31, 2015. Under the Company's share repurchase program,   2,070,600   shares were repurchased during the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016  , at a cost of approximately   $34.7 million  . There were   no   shares repurchased during the   three months ended     September 30, 2016  . 
  A current summary of the Company's Highway Products litigation is provided in Note 18 of the Consolidated Financial Statements. 

39 

Table of Contents  

Results of Operations  
  Overall Summary 
  Revenues 

Our revenues for the   three and nine months ended     September 30, 2016   decreased by   28%   from the prior year periods primarily as a result of reduced volumes and product mix changes in our Rail Group. We also experienced overall lower barge shipments and product mix changes in our Inland Barge Group during   three and nine months ended     September 30, 2016   compared to prior year periods. Revenues from sales of leased railcars in our Leasing Group were lower for the   three and nine months ended     September 30, 2016   when compared to prior year periods. In our Energy Equipment Group, lower volumes in our utility structures business and other product lines were partially offset by higher volumes in our wind towers business. Revenues from our Construction Products Group decreased for the   three and nine months ended     September 30, 2016   primarily due to lower volumes in our Highway Products business for the   three months ended     September 30, 2016   and for the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016   lower volumes in the Group's other businesses including the sale of the Group's galvanizing business in 2015.  
  
   40 

     Table of Contents  

Operating Costs      

  Operating costs for the   three and nine months ended     September 30, 2016   decreased by   21.2%   and   22.8%  , respectively, over the same periods in 2015 primarily due to overall lower shipment levels in our Rail and Inland Barge Groups. Operating costs in our Energy Equipment Group decreased for the   three and nine months ended     September 30, 2016   primarily due to lower volumes in our utility structures and other businesses. Our Construction Products Group experienced lower operating costs for the   three months ended     September 30, 2016   over the same period in the prior year primarily as a result of lower volumes in our Highway Products business. Improved manufacturing efficiencies in our Highway Products business and lower volumes in the Group's other businesses including the effects of the 2015 sale of assets of the galvanizing business resulted in lower operating costs in the Construction Products Group for the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016  . Operating costs in our Leasing Group were substantially unchanged for the   three months ended     September 30, 2016   over the prior year period and increased for the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016   primarily as a result of lower profit from railcar sales owned more than one year, and higher maintenance expense. Selling, engineering, and administrative expenses decreased for the   three and nine months ended     September 30, 2016  , by   19.2%   and   10.0%  , respectively, primarily due to lower compensation expenses. As a percentage of revenue, selling, engineering, and administrative expenses were   9.2%   and   8.8%  , respectively, for the   three and nine months ended     September 30, 2016   as compared to   8.2%   and   7.0%  , respectively, for the same periods in   2015  .  
  
   41 

     Table of Contents  

Operating Profit (Loss) 

Our overall operating profit for the   three and nine months ended     September 30, 2016   decreased by   49.7%   and   46.5%  , respectively, when compared to the same periods in   2015   primarily as a result of lower shipment volumes in our Rail and Inland Barge Groups. Operating profit was affected by additional costs associated with aligning our production footprint with demand in several of our business groups. Operating profit in the Construction Products Group increased for the   three and nine months ended     September 30, 2016   when compared to last year. For the   three months ended     September 30, 2016  , operating profit increased primarily due to lower selling, engineering and administrative costs while, for the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016  , operating profit increased as a result of higher volumes in our Aggregates business and improved manufacturing efficiencies in our Highway Products business, partially offset by lower volumes in the Group's other businesses and property disposition gains in 2015 related to the sale of assets of our galvanizing business in 2015. Operating profit in our Energy Equipment Group decreased for the   three and nine months ended     September 30, 2016   when compared to the same periods in the prior year as lower volumes from our utility structures and other businesses were partially offset by higher volumes in our wind towers business. Operating profit in our Leasing Group decreased for the   three and nine months ended     September 30, 2016   over the same periods during the prior year primarily as a result of lower railcar sales and higher maintenance expense. For a further discussion of revenues, costs, and the operating results of individual segments, see   Segment Discussion   below. 
  Other Income and Expense  .   Other income and expense is summarized in the following table: 

Interest expense decreased by   $1.4 million   and   $12.1 million   for the   three and nine months ended     September 30, 2016  , respectively, from the same periods in the prior year. The decrease for the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016   is primarily due to the repayment in full of certain Leasing Group related debt in May 2015. 

42 

     Table of Contents  

Income Taxes.   The provision for income taxes results in effective tax rates that differ from the statutory rates. The following is a reconciliation between the statutory U.S. federal income tax rate and the Company s effective income tax rate on income before income taxes: 

Our effective tax rate reflects the Company's estimate for   2016   of its state income tax expense and income attributable to the noncontrolling interests in partially-owned leasing subsidiaries for which no income tax expense is provided. See Note 5 of the Consolidated Financial Statements for a further explanation of activities with respect to our partially-owned leasing subsidiaries. See Note 13 of the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional discussion of income taxes. Income tax refunds received, net of payments, during the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016   totaled $63.7 million. The total net income tax receivable position at   September 30, 2016   amounted to $47.4 million. 
  
   43 

Table of Contents  

Segment Discussion 
  Rail Group 

As of   September 30, 2016   and   2015   our Rail Group backlog of railcars was as follows: 

The changes in the number of railcars in the Rail Group backlog are as follows   (1)   : 

(1)    The order and backlog figures for the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016   reflect a cancellation of 50 railcars resulting from a customer bankruptcy that occurred in the second quarter of 2016. 
  Revenue overall decreased for the   three and nine months ended     September 30, 2016   by   32.8%   and   32.1%  , respectively, when compared to the same periods in the prior year with approximately 56.8% and 66.2%, respectively, of the decrease in railcar revenue resulting from a decrease in unit deliveries with the remainder primarily due to product mix changes. Cost of revenues decreased for the   three and nine months ended     September 30, 2016   by   27.1%   and   28.5  %, respectively, compared to the same periods in the prior year primarily due to a decrease in unit deliveries.  
  Unit decreases and lower prices decreased total backlog dollars by   40.8%   when comparing   September 30, 2016   to the prior year period. The average selling price in the backlog at   September 30, 2016   was   6.2%   lower as compared to   September 30, 2015   primarily due to product mix changes. The backlog dedicated to the Leasing Group is supported by lease commitments with external customers. The final amount dedicated to the Leasing Group may vary by the time of delivery as customers may alternately choose to purchase railcars as external sales from the Rail Group. 
  During the   three months ended     September 30, 2016  , railcar shipments included sales to the Leasing Group of   $206.7 million   with a deferred profit of   $27.7 million   representing   1,895   railcars, compared to   $308.4 million   with a deferred profit of   $65.6 million   representing   2,350   railcars in the comparable period in 2015. During the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016  , railcar shipments included sales to the Leasing Group of   $742.1 million   with a deferred profit of   $139.1 million  , representing   6,775   railcars, compared to   $782.9 million   with a deferred profit of    $163.8 million  , representing   6,100   railcars, in the comparable period in   2015  . There were no railcar shipments of leased railcars to third parties during the   three months ended     September 30, 2016  . During the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016  , railcar shipments included sales of leased railcars to third parties of   $8.1 million  . During the   three and nine months ended     September 30, 2015  , railcar shipments included sales of leased railcars to third parties of    $64.1 million   and   $175.8 million  , respectively. 

44 

Table of Contents  

Construction Products Group    

Revenues and cost of revenues decreased by   9.7%   and   13.9%  , respectively, for the   three months ended     September 30, 2016   when compared to the same period in 2015. The decrease in revenues and cost of revenues resulted primarily from lower volumes in our Highway Products business.  
  Revenues and cost of revenues for the Group decreased by   2.0%   and   7.7%  , respectively, for the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016  , when compared to the same period in   2015  . The decrease in revenues resulted primarily from lower volumes in our other businesses including lost revenues from the sale of our galvanizing business in June 2015, partially offset by higher volumes in our Aggregates business. The decrease in cost of revenues resulted from lower volumes in our other businesses including lower volumes from the sale of the galvanizing business and lower costs in our Highway Products business from improved manufacturing efficiencies partially offset by higher volumes in our Aggregates business.  
  Selling, engineering, and administrative costs decreased by   13.9%   and   6.7%  , for the   three and nine months ended     September 30, 2016   respectively, compared to the same periods in   2015  . The decrease for the   three months ended     September 30, 2016   was primarily due to lower compensation costs while the decrease for the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016   was primarily due to lower compensation costs, partially offset by higher legal expenses. The property disposition gains for the nine months ended September 30, 2015 primarily related to the sale of assets of our galvanizing business which included six facilities in Texas, Mississippi, and Louisiana. 

Inland Barge Group 

Revenues decreased for the   three and nine months ended     September 30, 2016   by   40.0%   and   35.1%  , respectively, compared to the same periods in   2015   primarily from lower barge deliveries and product mix changes. Cost of revenues decreased by   36.5%   and   29.7%   for the   three and nine months ended     September 30, 2016  , respectively, when compared to the same periods in   2015   due to lower volumes and product mix changes. Selling, engineering, and administrative costs decreased for the   three and nine months ended     September 30, 2016   compared to the same periods in   2015  , primarily due to lower compensation costs. 
  As of   September 30, 2016  , the backlog for the Inland Barge Group was   $177.3 million   compared to   $373.1 million   as of   September 30, 2015  .  

45 

Table of Contents  

Energy Equipment Group 

Revenues for the   three and nine months ended     September 30, 2016   decreased by   16.5%   and   13.3  %, respectively, when compared to the same periods in   2015  . Revenues from our wind towers and utility structures product line decreased by   10.9%   and   1.4%   for the   three and nine months ended     September 30, 2016  , respectively, due to a decrease in utility structure volumes partially offset by an increase in wind tower volumes. Revenues from other product lines for the   three and nine months ended     September 30, 2016   decreased by   24.2%   and   28.7%  , respectively, when compared to the same periods in   2015   primarily as a result of decreases in shipping volumes. Other revenues include results primarily from our storage and distribution containers and tank heads product lines. Similarly, cost of revenues decreased by   13.9%   and   13.5  % for the   three and nine months ended     September 30, 2016  , respectively, compared to   2015   due to lower volumes in our utility structures and other product lines, partially offset by increased volumes in our wind towers business. Selling, engineering, and administrative costs decreased by   14.6%   and   12.3  % for the   three and nine months ended     September 30, 2016  , respectively, resulting primarily from lower professional service expenses and decreased compensation expenses.  
  The backlog for wind towers was   $1.0 billion   and   $424.4 million   at   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively. Included in this backlog is a May 2016 order to manufacture $940 million of wind towers. The Company is expected to deliver the wind towers during a three-year period beginning in 2017. The Company does not report backlog from its utility structures business because certain contracts contain partial order cancellation provisions. 

46 

Table of Contents  

Railcar Leasing and Management Services Group   

     * Not meaningful 
   (1)    Depreciation, maintenance and compliance, and rent expense are components of operating profit. Amortization of deferred profit on railcars sold from the Rail Group to the Leasing Group is included in the operating profit of the Leasing Group resulting in the recognition of depreciation expense based on the Company's original manufacturing cost of the railcars. Interest expense is not a component of operating profit and includes the effect of hedges. 
  Total revenues decreased by   30.3  % and   11.4%   for the   three and nine months ended     September 30, 2016  , respectively, compared to   2015   primarily due to a lower volume of railcar sales owned one year or less.  
  During the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016   and   2015  , the Company received proceeds from the sales of leased railcars as follows: 

Operating profit decreased by   49.1%   and   34.9%   for the   three and nine months ended     September 30, 2016  , respectively, compared to   2015   primarily due to a lower volume of railcar sales. Leasing and management operating profit for the   three and nine months ended     September 30, 2016   decreased by   1.6%   and   11.7%  , respectively. The decrease for the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016   is primarily due to higher maintenance and compliance expense associated with routine compliance testing and lower fleet utilization. In February 2015, the Leasing Group purchased all of the railcars which previously had been leased to the Company from one of the independent owner trusts resulting in lower rent expense for the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016   when compared to   2015  . Interest expense decreased primarily due to the repayment in full of certain Leasing Group debt in May 2015. 
  
   47 

     Table of Contents  

The Leasing Group generally uses its non-recourse warehouse loan facility or cash to provide initial funding for a portion of the purchase price of the railcars. After initial funding, the Leasing Group may obtain long-term financing for the railcars in the lease fleet through non-recourse asset-backed securities; long-term non-recourse operating leases pursuant to sales/leaseback transactions; long-term recourse debt such as equipment trust certificates; or third-party equity. See   Other Investing and Financing Activities  . 
  Information regarding the Leasing Group s lease fleet, owned through its wholly-owned and partially-owned subsidiaries, follows: 

All Other 

* not meaningful 
  Revenues decreased for the   three and nine months ended     September 30, 2016   compared to   2015   primarily due to a decrease in internal shipments from our transportation company. Cost of revenues decreased for the   three and nine months ended     September 30, 2016   compared to   2015   primarily as a result of lower costs from our transportation company. For the   nine months ended        September 30, 2016   lower transportation costs were partially offset by higher costs related to nonoperating facilities.   

Corporate 

Operating costs for the   three and nine months ended     September 30, 2016   decreased primarily due to lower compensation and consulting expenses. 

48 

Table of Contents  

Liquidity and Capital Resources   
  Cash Flows 
  The following table summarizes our cash flows from operating, investing, and financing activities for the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016   and   September 30, 2015  : 

Operating Activities  .   Net cash   provided   by operating activities for the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016   was   $792.1 million   compared to net cash provided by operating activities of   $630.3 million   for the   nine months ended     September 30, 2015  . Cash flow   provided   by operating activities increased primarily due to a lower decrease in accrued liabilities for the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016   when compared to the prior year period as well as a higher provision for deferred taxes and lower net gains on railcar lease fleet sales, partially offset by lower net income for the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016  . 
  Receivables at   September 30, 2016   decreased by   $37.7 million   or   8.1%   since   December 31, 2015   primarily due to a lower  income tax receivable. Raw materials inventory at   September 30, 2016   decreased by   $72.5 million   or   15.1%   since   December 31, 2015   primarily attributable to lower levels in our Rail Group from improved inventory management. At   September 30, 2016  , work in process inventory increased by   $42.3 million   or   19.0%   primarily in our Rail Group while finished goods inventory decreased by   $43.3 million   or   17.9%   since   December 31, 2015   due to higher inventory balances carried at the previous year end for scheduled shipments in early 2016 in our Rail and Energy Equipment Groups. Accounts payable decreased slightly by   $5.8 million  , while accrued liabilities decreased by   $26.4 million   from   December 31, 2015  . We continually review reserves related to bad debt as well as the adequacy of lower of cost or market valuations related to accounts receivable and inventory. 
  Investing Activities.   Net cash   required   by investing activities for the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016   was   $805.5 million    compared to   $382.9 million   for the   nine months ended     September 30, 2015  . Capital expenditures for the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016   were   $656.3 million  , which included   $647.2 million   for additions to the lease fleet less   $92.0 million   for the cost of sold lease fleet railcars owned one year or less. This compares to   $787.3 million   of capital expenditures for the same period last year, which included   $792.2 million   for additions to the lease fleet less   $150.0 million   for the cost of sold lease fleet railcars owned one year or less. Lease fleet additions during the   nine months ended     September 30, 2015   include the Company's purchase of the railcars which previously had been leased to the Leasing Group from one of the independent owner trusts for   $121.1 million  . Proceeds from the sale of property, plant, and equipment and other assets totaled   $46.6 million   for the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016  , including railcar sales from the lease fleet owned more than one year at the time of sale totaling   $37.7 million  . This compares to   $319.5 million   for the same period in   2015  , including railcar sales from the lease fleet owned more than one year at the time of sale totaling   $313.4 million  . Full-year manufacturing/corporate capital expenditures for   2016   are projected to range between   $120.0 million   and   $140.0 million  . For 2016, we expect the gross cash investment in our lease fleet to be approximately   $845.0 million  . Short-term marketable securities increased by   $199.8 million   and decreased by   $75.0 million   for the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively. There was   no   acquisition or divestiture activity for the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016  . Net cash   required   related to acquisitions amounted to   $46.2 million   for the   nine months ended     September 30, 2015   while proceeds from business divestitures totaled   $51.3 million  .  
  Financing Activities.   Net cash   required   by financing activities during the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016   was   $214.8 million   compared to   $457.5 million   of cash   required   by financing activities for the same period in   2015  . During the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016  , we retired   $106.0 million   in debt as scheduled. During the   nine months ended     September 30, 2015  , we retired   $530.8 million   in debt including   $340.0 million   for the full repayment of promissory notes related to one of our wholly-owned leasing subsidiaries. We borrowed   $242.4 million  , net of debt issuance costs, during the nine months ended September 30, 2015 from our TILC warehouse loan facility. Additionally, we repurchased shares of the Company stock under a share repurchase program as described further below. We intend to use our cash and committed credit facilities to fund the operations, expansions, and growth initiatives of the Company. Additionally, we may use our cash and committed credit facilities to retire or repurchase the Company's outstanding debt prior to its stated maturity or repurchase shares of its common stock. 
  Other Investing and Financing Activities  
  The   $1.0 billion   TILC warehouse loan facility, established to finance railcars owned by TILC, had   $236.8 million   in outstanding borrowings as of   September 30, 2016  . Under the facility,   $763.2 million   was unused and available as of   September 30, 2016   based  
  
   49 

     Table of Contents  

on the amount of warehouse-eligible, unpledged equipment. The warehouse loan facility is a non-recourse obligation secured by a portfolio of railcars and operating leases, certain cash reserves, and other assets acquired and owned by the warehouse loan facility trust. The principal and interest of this indebtedness are paid from the cash flows of the underlying leases. Advances under the facility bear interest at a defined index rate plus a margin, for an all-in interest rate of   2.46%   at   September 30, 2016  . The warehouse loan facility has been renewed and extended through   April 2018  . Interest rate pricing remained unchanged under the renewed facility. Amounts outstanding at maturity, absent renewal, are payable under the renewed facility in April 2019.  
  As of   September 30, 2016  , we had letters of credit issued under our revolving credit facility in an aggregate principal amount of   $93.3 million  , leaving   $506.7 million   available for borrowing. Other than these letters of credit, there were   no   borrowings under our revolving credit facility as of   September 30, 2016  , or for the   nine   month period then ended. Borrowings under the credit facility bear interest at a defined index rate plus a margin and are guaranteed by certain 100%-owned subsidiaries of the Company. 
  In   December 2015  , the Company s Board of Directors renewed its $  250 million   share repurchase program effective January 1, 2016 through December 31, 2017. The new program replaced the previous program which expired on December 31, 2015. Under the Company's share repurchase program,   2,070,600   shares were repurchased during the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016  , at a cost of approximately   $34.7 million  . There were   no   shares repurchased during the   three months ended     September 30, 2016  . 
  During the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016   and   2015  , the Company received proceeds from the sales of leased railcars as follows: 

The current level of uncertainty in the macro-economic environment continues to limit the pace of new order volumes in certain of the Company's businesses. During the last several years, many of our businesses benefitted from capital investment activity occurring in the upstream energy markets due to a relatively high, stable price of oil. The extended downturn in the energy sector as well as other factors including, among others, the strong dollar and weakness across other commodity prices, has created uncertainty for a number of our customers in their long-term capital planning processes. We continue to assess demand for our products and services and take steps to align our manufacturing capacity appropriately.   
  Equity Investment 
  See Note 5 of the Consolidated Financial Statements for information about the Company's investment in partially-owned leasing subsidiaries. 
  Future Operating Requirements  
  We expect to finance future operating requirements with cash, cash equivalents and short-term marketable securities; cash flows from operations; and, depending on market conditions, short-term and long-term debt; and equity. Debt instruments that the Company has utilized include its revolving credit facility, the TILC warehouse facility, senior notes, convertible subordinated notes, asset-backed securities, and sale-leaseback transactions. As of   September 30, 2016  , the Company had unrestricted cash and cash equivalents and short-term marketable securities balances of $  842.5 million  , and   $506.7 million   available under its revolving credit facility. Under the TILC warehouse facility,   $763.2 million   was unused and available as of   September 30, 2016   based on the amount of warehouse-eligible, unpledged equipment. The Company believes it has access to adequate capital resources to fund operating requirements and is a participant in the capital markets. 
  Off Balance Sheet Arrangements 
  See Note 6 and Note 11 of the Consolidated Financial Statements for information about off balance sheet arrangements. 
  
   50 

     Table of Contents  

Derivative Instruments     
  We may use derivative instruments to mitigate the impact of changes in interest rates, both in anticipation of future debt issuances and to offset interest rate variability of certain floating rate debt issuances outstanding. We also may use derivative instruments to mitigate the impact of changes in natural gas and diesel fuel prices and changes in foreign currency exchange rates. Derivative instruments that are designated and qualify as cash flow hedges are accounted for in accordance with applicable accounting standards. See Note 3 Fair Value Accounting for discussion of how the Company valued its commodity hedges and interest rate swap at   September 30, 2016  . See Note 11 Debt for a description of the Company's debt instruments. 
  Interest rate hedges 

(1)   
     Weighted average fixed interest rate 

(1)    Based on the fair value of open hedges as of   September 30, 2016    
  During   2005   and   2006  , we entered into interest rate swap derivatives in anticipation of issuing our 2006 Secured Railcar Equipment Notes. These derivative instruments, with a notional amount of   $200.0 million  , were settled in   2006   and fixed the interest rate on a portion of the related debt issuance. These derivative instrument transactions are being accounted for as cash flow hedges with changes in the fair value of the instruments of   $4.5 million   in income recorded in Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss ("AOCL") through the date the related debt issuance closed in   2006  . The balance is being amortized over the term of the related debt. The effect on interest expense is due to amortization of the AOCL balance. 
  During   2006   and   2007  , we entered into interest rate swap derivatives in anticipation of issuing our Promissory Notes. These derivative instruments, with a notional amount of   $370.0 million  , were settled in   2008   and fixed the interest rate on a portion of the related debt issuance. These derivative instrument transactions were being accounted for as cash flow hedges with changes in the fair value of the instruments of   $24.5 million   recorded as a loss in AOCL through the date the related debt issuance closed in   2008  . The balance was being amortized over the term of the related debt. These derivative instruments were fully amortized in   May 2015  . The effect on interest expense is due to amortization of the AOCL balance. 
  In   2008  , we entered into an interest rate swap derivative instrument to fix the variable Libor component of the Promissory Notes. This derivative instrument expired in   May 2015   and was being accounted for as a cash flow hedge. The effect on interest expense is primarily from a result of monthly interest settlements. 
  Between   2007   and   2009  , TRIP Holdings, as required by the TRIP Warehouse Loan, entered into interest rate swap derivatives, all of which qualified as cash flow hedges, to reduce the effect of changes in variable interest rates in the TRIP Warehouse Loan. In   July 2011  , these interest rate hedges were terminated in connection with the refinancing of the TRIP Warehouse Loan. Balances included in AOCL at the date the hedges were terminated are being amortized over the expected life of the new debt with   $4.6  
  
   51 

     Table of Contents  

million   of additional interest expense expected to be recognized during the   twelve   months following   September 30, 2016  . Also in   July 2011  , TRIP Holdings  wholly-owned subsidiary, TRIP Master Funding, entered into an interest rate swap derivative instrument, expiring in   2021  , with an initial notional amount of   $94.1 million   to reduce the effect of changes in variable interest rates associated with the   Class A-1b   notes of the TRIP Master Funding secured railcar equipment notes. The effect on interest expense is primarily a result of monthly interest settlements. 
  See Note 11 Debt regarding the related debt instruments. 
  Other Derivatives 
  Natural gas and diesel fuel 
  We maintain a program to mitigate the impact of fluctuations in the price of natural gas and diesel fuel. The intent of the program is to protect our operating profit from adverse price changes by entering into derivative instruments. For those instruments that do not qualify for hedge accounting treatment, any changes in their valuation are recorded directly to the consolidated statement of operations. The effect on operating income for these instruments was not significant. The amount recorded in the consolidated balance sheet as of   September 30, 2016   for these instruments was not significant. 

Contractual Obligation and Commercial Commitments 
  As of   September 30, 2016  , contractual obligations related to letters of credit increased to   $93.3 million   from   $91.6 million   as of   December 31, 2015  . Refer to Note 11 of the Consolidated Financial Statements for changes to our outstanding debt and maturities. Contractual obligations that relate to operating leases including sale/leaseback transactions were substantially unchanged as of   September 30, 2016  . See Note 6 of the Consolidated Financial Statements regarding operating lease obligations. 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
  See Note 1 of the Consolidated Financial Statements for information about recent accounting pronouncements. 

52 

Table of Contents  

Forward-Looking Statements 
  This quarterly report on Form 10-Q (or statements otherwise made by the Company or on the Company s behalf from time to time in other reports, filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ), news releases, conferences, World Wide Web postings or otherwise) contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Any statements contained herein that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements and involve risks and uncertainties. These forward-looking statements include expectations, beliefs, plans, objectives, future financial performances, estimates, projections, goals, and forecasts. Trinity uses the words  anticipates,   believes,   estimates,   expects,   intends,   forecasts,   may,   will,   should,  and similar expressions to identify these forward-looking statements. Potential factors, which could cause our actual results of operations to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements include, among others: 
             
    market conditions and demand for our business products and services; 
                
    the cyclical nature of industries in which we compete; 
                
    variations in weather in areas where our construction products are sold, used, or installed; 
                
    naturally-occurring events and disasters causing disruption to our manufacturing, product deliveries, and production       capacity, thereby giving rise to an increase in expenses, loss of revenue, and property losses; 
                
    the timing of introduction of new products; 
                
    the timing and delivery of customer orders, sales of leased railcars, or a breach of customer contracts; 
                
    the credit worthiness of customers and their access to capital; 
                
    product price changes; 
                
    changes in mix of products sold; 
                
    the extent of utilization of manufacturing capacity; 
                
    availability and costs of steel, component parts, supplies, and other raw materials; 
                
    competition and other competitive factors; 
                
    changing technologies; 
                
    surcharges and other fees added to fixed pricing agreements for steel, component parts, supplies and other raw materials; 
                
    interest rates and capital costs; 
                
    counter-party risks for financial instruments; 
                
    long-term funding of our operations; 
                
    changes in our stock price resulting in a dilutive impact on earnings per share related to conversion features in our financing instruments; 
                
    taxes; 
                
    the stability of the governments and political and business conditions in certain foreign countries, particularly Mexico; 
                
    changes in import and export quotas and regulations; 
                
    business conditions in emerging economies; 
                
    costs and results of litigation, including trial and appellate costs and supersedeas bonding costs;  
                
    changes in accounting standards or inaccurate estimates or assumptions in the application of accounting policies; and 
                
    legal, regulatory, and environmental issues, including compliance of our products with mandated specifications, standards, or testing criteria and obligations to remove and replace our products following installation or to recall our products and install different products manufactured by us or our competitors. 
     Any forward-looking statement speaks only as of the date on which such statement is made. Trinity undertakes no obligation to update any forward-looking statement to reflect events or circumstances after the date on which such statement is made. For a discussion of risks and uncertainties which could cause actual results to differ from those contained in the forward-looking statements, see  Risk Factors  in the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the most recent fiscal year.  

53 

Table of Contents  

Item 3.   Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
  There has been no material change in our market risks since   December 31, 2015   as set forth in Item 7A of our   2015   Form 10-K. Refer to Item 2, Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, for a discussion of debt-related activity and the impact of hedging activity for the   three and nine months ended     September 30, 2016  . 

Item 4.   Controls and Procedures. 
  Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
  The Company maintains disclosure controls and procedures designed to ensure that it is able to collect and record the information it is required to disclose in the reports it files with the SEC, and to process, summarize, and disclose this information within the time periods specified in the rules of the SEC. The Company s Chief Executive and Chief Financial Officers are responsible for establishing and maintaining these procedures and, as required by the rules of the SEC, evaluating their effectiveness. Based on their evaluation of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures that took place as of the end of the period covered by this report, the Chief Executive and Chief Financial Officers believe that these procedures are effective to 1) ensure that the Company is able to collect, process, and disclose the information it is required to disclose in the reports it files with the SEC within the required time periods and 2) accumulate and communicate this information to the Company s management, including its Chief Executive and Chief Financial Officers, to allow timely decisions regarding this disclosure. 
     Internal Controls over Financial Reporting 
  The Company maintains a system of internal controls designed to provide reasonable assurance that: transactions are executed in accordance with management s general or specific authorization; transactions are recorded as necessary 1) to permit preparation of financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles, and 2) to maintain accountability for assets; access to assets is permitted only in accordance with management s general or specific authorization; and the recorded accountability for assets is compared with the existing assets at reasonable intervals and appropriate action is taken with respect to any differences.  
  During the period covered by this report, there have been no changes in the Company s internal controls over financial reporting that have materially affected or are reasonably likely to materially affect the Company s internal controls over financial reporting. 

54 

Table of Contents  

PART II 

Item 1.     Legal Proceedings 
  The information provided in Note 18 of the Consolidated Financial Statements is hereby incorporated into this Part II, Item 1 by reference. 

Item 1A.     Risk Factors 
  There have been no material changes from the risk factors previously disclosed in Item 1A of our   2015   Form 10-K. 

Item 2.     Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
  This table provides information with respect to purchases by the Company of shares of its Common Stock during the   quarter ended     September 30, 2016  : 

(1)    These columns include the following transactions during the   three months ended     September 30, 2016  : (i) the surrender to the Company of 4,599 shares of common stock to satisfy tax withholding obligations in connection with the vesting of restricted stock issued to employees and (ii) the purchase of 812 shares of common stock by the Trustee for assets held in a non-qualified employee profit sharing plan trust. 
   (2)    In   December 2015  , the Company s Board of Directors renewed its $  250 million   share repurchase program effective January 1, 2016 through December 31, 2017. Under the program,   no   shares were repurchased during the   three months ended     September 30, 2016  . The approximate dollar value of shares that were eligible to be repurchased under such share repurchase program is shown as of the end of such month or quarter.  

Item 3.     Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
  None. 

Item 4.     Mine Safety Disclosures 
  The information concerning mine safety violations or other regulatory matters required by Section 1503(a) of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and Item 104 of Regulation S-K is included in Exhibit 95 to this Form 10-Q. 

Item 5.     Other Information 
  None. 

55 

Table of Contents  

Item 6.   Exhibits 
                   NO. 
      
    DESCRIPTION 
      31.1 
      
    Rule 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) Certification of the Chief Executive Officer (filed herewith). 
      31.2 
      
    Rule 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) Certification of the Chief Financial Officer (filed herewith). 
      32.1 
      
    Certification pursuant to 18U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (filed herewith). 
      32.2 
      
    Certification pursuant to 18U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (filed herewith). 
      95 
      
    Mine Safety Disclosure Exhibit (filed herewith). 
      101.INS 
      
    XBRL Instance Document (filed electronically herewith) 
      101.SCH 
      
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document (filed electronically herewith) 
      101.CAL 
      
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document (filed electronically herewith) 
      101.LAB 
      
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document (filed electronically herewith) 
      101.PRE 
      
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document (filed electronically herewith) 
      101.DEF 
      
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document (filed electronically herewith) 

_____________________________ 

56 

Table of Contents  

SIGNATURES 
    
  Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
                   TRINITY INDUSTRIES, INC. 
    By 
    /s/ James E. Perry 
      Registrant 

James E. Perry 

Senior Vice President and 

Chief Financial Officer 

October 27, 2016 

57 

Table of Contents  

INDEX TO EXHIBITS 
              NO. 
      
    DESCRIPTION 
      31.1 
      
    Rule 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) Certification of the Chief Executive Officer (filed herewith). 
      31.2 
      
    Rule 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) Certification of the Chief Financial Officer (filed herewith). 
      32.1 
      
    Certification pursuant to 18U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (filed herewith). 
      32.2 
      
    Certification pursuant to 18U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (filed herewith). 
      95 
      
    Mine Safety Disclosure Exhibit (filed herewith). 
      101.INS 
      
    XBRL Instance Document (filed electronically herewith) 
      101.SCH 
      
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document (filed electronically herewith) 
      101.CAL 
      
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document (filed electronically herewith) 
      101.LAB 
      
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document (filed electronically herewith) 
      101.PRE 
      
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document (filed electronically herewith) 
      101.DEF 
      
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document (filed electronically herewith) 

____________ 

58 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 exh31109302016.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 

Exhibit 31.1 
  CERTIFICATION 
  I, Timothy R. Wallace, certify that: 
           1. 
    I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Trinity Industries, Inc.; 
              2. 
    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
              3. 
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
              4. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
              a. 
    Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
              b. 
    Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
              c. 
    Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
              d. 
    Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
              5. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
              a. 
    All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
              b. 
    Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
       
  Date:   October 27, 2016    
  /s/ Timothy R. Wallace 
  Timothy R. Wallace 
  Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, and President 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 exh31209302016.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 

Exhibit 31.2 
  CERTIFICATION 
  I, James E. Perry, certify that: 
           1. 
    I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Trinity Industries, Inc.; 
              2. 
    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
              3. 
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
              4. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
              a. 
    Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
              b. 
    Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
              c. 
    Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
              d. 
    Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
              5. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
              a. 
    All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
              b. 
    Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
       
  Date:   October 27, 2016    
  /s/ James E. Perry 
  James E. Perry 
  Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 exh32109302016.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 

Exhibit 32.1 
  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
  18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
  In connection with the Quarterly Report of Trinity Industries, Inc. (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the period ended   September 30, 2016   as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Timothy R. Wallace, Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, and President of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 
           (1) 
    The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 
              (2) 
    The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations of the Company, as of, and for, the periods presented in the Report. 
       
  /s/ Timothy R. Wallace 
  Timothy R. Wallace 
  Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, and President 
  October 27, 2016    
  A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 exh32209302016.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

Exhibit 

Exhibit 32.2 
  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
  18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
  In connection with the Quarterly Report of Trinity Industries, Inc. (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the period ended   September 30, 2016   as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, James E. Perry, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 
           (1) 
    The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 
              (2) 
    The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations of the Company, as of, and for, the periods presented in the Report. 
       
  /s/ James E. Perry 
  James E. Perry 
  Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
  October 27, 2016    
  A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-95>
 6
 exh95mininginformation0930.htm
 EXHIBIT 95

Exhibit 

Exhibit 95 
  Mine Safety Disclosures 
    
  The Company owned or operated sand, gravel, shale, clay, and aggregate quarries during the three months ended   September 30, 2016  . The Financial Reform Act ("Dodd-Frank") requires us to disclose in our periodic reports filed with the SEC, specific information about each of our quarries comprised of notices, violations, and orders   1    made by the Federal Mine Safety and Health Administration pursuant to the Federal Mine Safety and Health Act of 1977.  
    
  The following table is a summary of the reportable information required for our quarries that operated during the three months ended   September 30, 2016  : 

1 
      
    Significant and Substantial (S S) citations are reported on this form. Non-S S citations are not reported on this form but any assessments resulting from non-S S citations are reported. 
    
      2 
      
    Eight non-S S citations and one S S citation were issued. Proposed penalty amounts still pending. 
      3 
      
    Two non-S S citations and one S S citation were issued. Proposed penalty amount for S S citation still pending. 
      4 
      
    Three non-S S citations were issued. Proposed penalty amounts still pending. 

</EX-95>

<EX-101.INS>
 7
 trn-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 trn-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 9
 trn-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 trn-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 trn-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 trn-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

