<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161121_10-Q_edgar_data_1634421_0001144204-16-135599_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>1386550</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>63211</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>103093</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>294617</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>544374</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>355285</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>8</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001144204-16-135599.hdr.sgml : 20161121
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161121155708
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001144204-16-135599
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		39
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161121
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161121

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			OGL Holdings Ltd.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001634421
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	AGRICULTURE PRODUCTION - CROPS [0100]
		IRS NUMBER:				473165342
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-55387
		FILM NUMBER:		162010337

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		SHAN SHUI COMMERCIAL BLDG, 24TH FLOOR
		STREET 2:		ZUYI COUNTY, JIANGSU PROVINCE
		CITY:			HUAI RIVER TOWN 57
		STATE:			F4
		ZIP:			00000
		BUSINESS PHONE:		0517-88655757

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		SHAN SHUI COMMERCIAL BLDG, 24TH FLOOR
		STREET 2:		ZUYI COUNTY, JIANGSU PROVINCE
		CITY:			HUAI RIVER TOWN 57
		STATE:			F4
		ZIP:			00000

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Red Grotto Acquisition Corp
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20150219

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001144204-16-135599.txt : 20161121

10-Q
 1
 v453438_10q.htm
 FORM 10-Q

UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE
COMMISSION  

  WASHINGTON D.C. 20549  

FORM 10-Q  

FOR THE QUARTER ENDED: September 30,
2016  

Commission File Number: 000   55387  

OGL HOLDINGS LTD.  

  (Name of small business issuer in its
charter)  

Delaware   
       47-3165342    
 
      (State or other jurisdiction of  
      (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.)   
 
      incorporation or organization)  

Shan Shui Commercial Building   

24 Floor, Xuyi County, Jiangsu Province   

Huai River Town 57, China   

(Address of principal executive offices)  
      (zip code)   

Registrant s telephone number,
including area code: 0517-886-55757  

Indicate by check mark
whether the registrant (1) filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act during the past 12
months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to file such reports) and (2) has been subject to such filing
requirements for the past 90 days. YES        NO     

Indicate by check mark
whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required
to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (Section 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months
(or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes         No

Indicate by checkmark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. 

Large Accelerated Filer  
           
      Accelerated Filer  

Non-accelerated Filer  
           
      Smaller Reporting Company  

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act)   YES     
 NO      

As of November 21,
2016, there were 21,222,000 shares of the registrant s common stock, $0.0001 par value per share, outstanding. 

OGL Holdings Ltd.  

Form 10-Q  

  For the Quarter Ended September 30,
2016  

TABLE OF CONTENTS  

Page    

Part I- Financial Information    

Item 1.   
       Financial Statements   
     3    

Item 2.   
       Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations   
      11   

Item 3.  
       Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk   
      14   

Item 4.  
       Controls and Procedures   
      14   

Part II- Other Information    

Item 1.  
       Legal Proceedings   
      14   

Item 1A.    
       Risk Factors   
      14   

Item 2.   
       Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds   
      14   

Item 3.  
       Default Upon Senior Securities   
      14   

Item 4.   
       Mine Safety Disclosures   
      14   

Item 5.  
       Other Information   
      14   

Item 6.   
       Exhibits   
      15   

Signatures   
      16   

2   

Item 1. Financial Statements 

PART I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION  

OGL Holdings Ltd.   

   Condensed
Balance Sheets   

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited condensed financial statements.  

3   

OGL Holdings Ltd.   

   Condensed Statements of Operations   

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited condensed financial statements. 

4   

OGL Holdings Ltd.   

   Condensed
Statements of Cash Flows   

For the Nine Months Ended  
September 30, 2016       
     For the Period from January 12, 2015 (Inception) to September 30, 2015     

(Unaudited)       
     (Unaudited)     
 
     Cash Flows from Operating Activities    

Net loss    
     $  (44,719  )    
     $  (1,166  )  
 
     Adjustment to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities:    

Expenses paid by stockholder and contributed as capital    
        -       
        1,166     
 
     Depreciation    
        5,260       
        -     
 
     Changes in operating assets and liabilities    

Increase in accrued liabilities    
        19,404       
        -     
 
     Net Cash Used in Operating Activities    
        (20,055  )    
        -     

Cash Flows from Financing Activities    

Cash proceeds from loans from related party    
        20,055       
        -     
 
     Net Cash Provided by Financing Activities    
        20,055       
        -     

Net Increase in Cash and Cash Equivalents    
        -       
        -     

Cash and Cash Equivalents, Beginning of the Period    
        -       
        -     

Cash and Cash Equivalents, End of the Period    
     $  -       
     $  -     

Supplemental Disclosures of Cash Flow Information    

Cash paid for income taxes    
     $  400       
     $  -     
 
     Cash paid for interest    
     $  -       
     $  -     

Supplemental Disclosures of Non-Cash Investing and Financing Activities    

Issuance of common stock in exchange of licensing rights    
     $  122       
     $  -     
 
     Purchase of property and equipment    
     $  36,006       
     $  -     

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited condensed financial statements. 

5   

OGL HOLDINGS LTD.  

  NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

  September 30, 2016 and 2015  

  (Unaudited)  

NOTE 1   NATURE OF OPERATIONS AND
BASIS OF PRESENTATION  

As used herein and except as otherwise
noted, the term  Company ,  it(s) ,  our ,  us ,  we  and  OGL 
shall mean OGL Holdings Ltd., a Delaware corporation. 

OGL Holdings Ltd. (formerly known as Red
Grotto Acquisition Corporation) (the  Company ), was incorporated in the State of Delaware on January 12, 2015, to
engage in any lawful corporate undertaking, including, but not limited to, selected mergers and acquisitions. In March 2015, Red
Grotto Acquisition Corporation filed a registration statement with the Securities and Exchange Commission on Form 10, by which
the Company became a public reporting company. 

In September, 2015, the Company exercised
a change of control by redeeming shares of existing shareholders, issuing shares to new shareholders, electing new officers and
directors and accepting the resignations of its then existing officers and directors. In connection with the change of control,
the shareholders of the Company and its board of directors unanimously approved the change of the Company s name from Red
Grotto Acquisition Corporation to OGL Holdings Ltd. 

OGL Holdings Ltd. is an early-stage ecologically
conscious company formed to design, build and manage an ecological theme park showcasing agriculturally advanced technologies and
to produce organic agricultural food utilizing such technology for efficient and non-destructive production. Rapid growth, ecological
ignorance, and corporate indifference are things that the Company believes have contributed to the major pollution situation facing
China. The Company believes that China is just beginning to develop environmental and ecological programs and the Company intends
to help educate and advance these new programs. The agricultural theme park will provide visitors fun attractions and exhibitions
including hand picking fruit, seeing high-tech greenhouse cultivation as well as theme park type amusements. The park will provide
visitors the opportunity to see the layout and operation of a high-tech smart greenhouse for organic plant cultivation and then
use these models for their farms and greenhouses. 

Basis of Presentation   

 The accompanying
(a) condensed balance sheet at December 31, 2015 has been derived from the Company s audited statements, and (b) the condensed
unaudited financial statements as of and for the periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, have been prepared in accordance with
generally accepted accounting principles for interim financial information and with the instructions to Form 10-Q and Article 8
of Regulation S-X. Accordingly, they do not include all of the information and footnotes required by generally accepted accounting
principles for complete financial statements, and should be read in conjunction with the audited financial statements and related
footnotes included in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015 (the  2015 Annual
Report ), filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the  SEC ) on March 30, 2016.  It is management s
opinion, however, that all material adjustments (consisting of normal recurring adjustments), have been made which are necessary
for a fair financial statements presentation. The financial statements include all material adjustments (consisting of normal recurring
accruals) necessary to make the financial statements not misleading as required by Regulation S-X, Rule 10-01. Operating results
for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 are not necessarily indicative of the results of operations expected for the year
ending December 31, 2016. 

Going Concern   

 The Company s financial statements
are prepared using generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America applicable to a going concern, which
contemplates the realization of assets and the satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business. The Company expects
to generate revenues through its operation of its Organic Exhibition Garden and an Eco-Agricultural Tourism Theme Park in China.
Revenue will consist of sales from entrance tickets to the tourist theme park and selling of produce grown in its agricultural
gardens. The Company has sustained operating losses since inception to date and allow it to continue as a going concern. The continuation
of the Company as a going concern is dependent upon the continued financial support from its shareholders, the ability of the Company
to obtain necessary financing to continue operations, and the attainment of growth and profits from its operations. The Company
has incurred a net loss of $44,719 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, has a working capital deficit of $75,465, and
has an accumulated deficit of $157,960 as of September 30, 2016. These factors, among others raise a substantial doubt regarding
the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. If the Company is unable to obtain adequate capital, it could be forced
to cease operations. The accompanying financial statements do not include any adjustments to reflect the recoverability and classification
of recorded asset amounts and classification of liabilities that might be necessary should the Company be unable to continue as
a going concern. 

NOTE 2   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT
ACCOUNTING POLICIES  

The following summary of significant accounting
policies of the Company is presented to assist in the understanding of the Company s financial statements. The financial
statements and notes are the representation of the Company s management who is responsible for their integrity and objectivity.
The financial statements of the Company conform to accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (U.S.
GAAP). 

6   

OGL HOLDINGS LTD.  

  NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

  September 30, 2016 and 2015  

  (Unaudited)  

Use of Estimates   

 The preparation of financial statements
in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and
liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts
of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. The Company bases its estimates and assumptions on current facts, historical
experience and various other factors that it believes to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis
for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities and the accrual of costs and expenses that are not readily
apparent from other sources. The actual results experienced by the Company may differ materially and adversely from the Company s
estimates of valuation of equity instruments. To the extent there are material differences between the estimates and the actual
results, future results of operations will be affected. 

Cash and Cash Equivalents   

 The Company considers all highly liquid
instruments with maturity of three months or less at the time of issuance to be cash equivalents. The Company did not have any
cash or cash equivalents at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively. 

Fair value of Financial Instruments and Fair Value Measurements   

 Accounting Standards Codifications ( ASC )
ASC 820,   Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures ,  requires an entity to maximize the use of observable
inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs when measuring fair value. ASC 820 establishes a fair value hierarchy based
on the level of independent, objective evidence surrounding the inputs used to measure fair value. A financial instrument s
categorization within the fair value hierarchy is based upon the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurement.
ASC 820 prioritizes the inputs into three levels that may be used to measure fair value: 

Level 1  

 Level 1 applies to assets or liabilities
for which there are quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities. 

Level 2  

 Level 2 applies to assets or liabilities
for which there are inputs other than quoted prices that are observable for the asset or liability such as quoted prices for similar
assets or liabilities in active markets; quoted prices for identical assets or liabilities in markets with insufficient volume
or infrequent transactions (less active markets); or model-derived valuations in which significant inputs are observable or can
be derived principally from, or corroborated by, observable market data. 

Level 3  

 Level 3 applies to assets or liabilities
for which there are unobservable inputs to the valuation methodology that are significant to the measurement of the fair value
of the assets or liabilities. 

The Company s
financial instruments consist principally of accrued liabilities and loan payable to a related party. Pursuant to ASC 820 and ASC
825,   Financial Instruments  , the fair value of our accrued liabilities and loan payable to a related party
is determined based on  Level 1  inputs, which consist of quoted prices in active markets for identical assets. The
Company believes that the recorded values of all of the other financial instruments approximate their current fair values because
of their nature and respective maturity dates or durations. 

Revenue Recognition   

 The Company recognizes revenues when persuasive
evidence of an arrangement exists; delivery has occurred; price is fixed or determinable; and collectability of the related receivable
is reasonably assured. The Company closely follows the provisions of ASC 605   Revenue Recognition  , which includes
the guidelines of Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 104 as described above.  The Company has not recognized any revenue for
the three months and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively.  

Earnings (Loss) Per Common Share   

 The Company computes net earnings (loss)
per share in accordance with ASC 260,   Earnings per Share  . ASC 260 requires presentation of both basic and
diluted net earnings per share ( EPS ) on the face of the income statement. Basic EPS is computed by dividing earnings
(loss) available to common shareholders (numerator) by the weighted average number of shares outstanding (denominator) during the
period. Diluted EPS gives effect to all dilutive potential common shares outstanding during the period using the treasury stock
method and convertible note and preferred stock using the if-converted method. In computing diluted EPS, the average stock price
for the period is used in determining the number of shares assumed to be purchased from the exercise of stock options or warrants.
Diluted EPS excludes all dilutive potential shares if their effect is anti-dilutive. 

Licensing Rights    

 Licensing rights which are stated at cost,
relate to the cost of obtaining the license to build Organic Exhibition Garden and an Eco-Agricultural Tourism Theme Park in China.
Cost is based on the third party expenditures incurred for obtaining licensing rights. The Company will begin amortizing licensing
cost over their estimated remaining useful life when it begins revenue-producing activities. We will determine the useful life
of licensing rights after considering the specific facts and circumstances related to each such asset. Factors we consider when
determining useful lives include the contractual term of any agreement related to the asset, the historical performance of the
asset, our long-term strategy for using the asset, any laws or other local regulations that could impact the useful life of the
asset, and other economic factors, including competition and specific market conditions. 

7   

OGL HOLDINGS LTD.  

  NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

  September 30, 2016 and 2015  

  (Unaudited)  

Equity Instruments Issued to Non-Employees for Acquiring
Goods or Services   

 Issuances of the Company s common
stock or warrants for acquiring goods or services are measured at the fair value of the consideration received or the fair value
of the equity instruments issued, whichever is more reliably measurable. The measurement date for the fair value of the equity
instruments issued to consultants or vendors is determined at the earlier of (i) the date at which a commitment for performance
to earn the equity instruments is reached (a  performance commitment  which would include a penalty considered to be
of a magnitude that is a sufficiently large disincentive for nonperformance) or (ii) the date at which performance is complete.
However, situations may arise in which counter performance may be required over a period of time but the equity award granted to
the party performing the service is fully vested and non-forfeitable on the date of the agreement. As a result, in this situation
in which vesting periods do not exist as the instruments fully vested on the date of agreement, the Company determines such date
to be the measurement date and will record the estimated fair market value of the instruments granted as a prepaid expense and
amortize such amount to general and administrative expense in the accompanying statement of operations over the contract period.
When it is appropriate for the Company to recognize the cost of a transaction during financial reporting periods prior to the measurement
date, for purposes of recognition of costs during those periods, the equity instrument is measured at the then-current fair values
at each of those interim financial reporting dates. 

Non-Cash Equity Transactions   

 Shares of equity instruments issued for
non-cash consideration are recorded at the estimated fair market value of the consideration granted based on the estimated fair
market value of the equity instrument, or at the estimated fair market value of the goods or services received whichever is more
readily determinable. 

Income Taxes   

 The Company accounts for income taxes using
the asset and liability method in accordance with ASC 740,   Income Taxes  . The asset and liability method provides
that deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the expected future tax consequences of temporary differences between
the financial reporting and tax basis of assets and liabilities, and for operating loss and tax credit carry forwards. Deferred
tax assets and liabilities are measured using the currently enacted tax rates and laws. The Company records a valuation allowance
to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount that is believed more likely than not to be realized. 

The Company follows the provisions of ASC
740-10,   Accounting for Uncertain Income Tax Positions .  When tax returns are filed, it is highly certain that
some positions taken would be sustained upon examination by the taxing authorities, while others are subject to uncertainty about
the merits of the position taken or the amount of the position that would be ultimately sustained. In accordance with the guidance
of ASC 740-10, the benefit of a tax position is recognized in the financial statements in the period during which, based on all
available evidence, management believes it is more likely than not that the position will be sustained upon examination, including
the resolution of appeals or litigation processes, if any. Tax positions taken are not offset or aggregated with other positions.
Tax positions that meet the more-likely-than-not recognition threshold are measured as the largest amount of tax benefit that is
more than 50 percent likely of being realized upon settlement with the applicable taxing authority. The portion of the benefits
associated with tax positions taken that exceeds the amount measured as described above should be reflected as a liability for
unrecognized tax benefits in the accompanying balance sheets along with any associated interest and penalties that would be payable
to the taxing authorities upon examination. 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements   

 We qualify as an   emerging growth
company   under the 2012 JOBS Act. Section 107 of the JOBS Act provides that an emerging growth company can take advantage
of the extended transition period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act for complying with new or revised accounting
standards. As an emerging growth company, we can delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would
otherwise apply to private companies. We have elected to take advantage of the benefits of this extended transition period. 

Debt Issuance
Costs   

 In April 2015, the Financial Accounting
Standards Board ( FASB ) issued Accounting Standards Update ( ASU ), ASU 2015-03,   Interest Imputation
of Interest (Subtopic 835-30): Simplifying the Presentation of Debt Issuance Costs  . This standard update requires an
entity to present debt issuance costs on the balance sheet as a direct deduction from the related debt liability as opposed to
an asset. Amortization of the costs will continue to be reported as interest expense. The update is effective for annual reporting
periods (including interim reporting periods within those periods) beginning after December 15, 2015. Early adoption is permitted
for financial statements that have not been previously issued, and the new guidance would be applied retrospectively to all prior
periods presented.  The Company has not adopted ASU 2015-02 as of September 30, 2016, and the adoption is not expected to
have an impact on the Company s financial statements. 

New Accounting Pronouncements   

 In May 2014, and later amended in August
2015, FASB issued new ASU regarding revenue recognition under GAAP. This new guidance will supersede nearly all existing revenue
recognition guidance and, and is effective for public entities for annual and interim periods beginning after December 31, 2017.
Early adoption is permitted for reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2016. The Company is currently evaluating the impact
of this new guidance on the Company s financial statements. 

In August 2014, the FASB issued ASU No.
2014-15,   Presentation of Financial Statements Going Concern  , which requires management to evaluate, at each
annual and interim reporting period, whether there are conditions or events that raise substantial doubt about the entity s
ability to continue as a going concern within one year after the date the financial statements are issued and provide related disclosures.
ASU 2014-15 is effective for annual periods ending after December 15, 2016 and interim periods thereafter. The guidance is not
expected to have a material impact on the Company s financial statements.  

8   

OGL HOLDINGS LTD.  

  NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

  September 30, 2016 and 2015  

  (Unaudited)  

In November 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-17,
Income Taxes (Topic 740):  Balance Sheet Classification of Deferred Taxes.  The amendments in this update simplify the presentation
of deferred taxes by requiring deferred tax assets and liabilities be classified as noncurrent on the balance sheet. These amendments
may be applied either prospectively to all deferred tax liabilities and assets or retrospectively to all periods presented. The
amendments are effective for financial statements issued for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2016, and interim periods
within those annual periods. Earlier application is permitted for all entities as of the beginning of an interim or annual reporting
period. The guidance is not expected to have a material impact on the Company s financial statements. 

In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-02,
 Leases  (Topic 840), to increase transparency and comparability among organizations by recognizing lease assets and lease
liabilities on the balance sheet and disclosing key information about leasing arrangements. The amendments in this standard are
effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018, including interim periods within those fiscal years, for a public
entity. Early adoption of the amendments in this standard is permitted for all entities and the Company must recognize and measure
leases at the beginning of the earliest period presented using a modified retrospective approach. The Company is currently in the
process of evaluating the effect this guidance will have on its financial statements and related disclosures. 

The Financial Accounting Standards Board
issues Accounting Standard Updates to amend the authoritative literature in ASC. There have been a number of ASUs to date that
amend the original text of ASC. The Company believes those issued to date either (i) provide supplemental guidance, (ii) are technical
corrections, (iii) are not applicable to the Company, or (iv) are not expected to have a significant impact on the Company. 

NOTE 3   PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT  

Property and equipment consists of: 

Depreciation expense for the three months ended September
30, 2016 and 2015 was $2,254 and $0, and for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 was $5,260 and $0, respectively. 

NOTE 4   LICENSING RIGHTS  

On February 26, 2016, the Company executed
a Licensing Agreement (the  License ) with Jiangsu OGL Ecological Agriculture Science and Technology Co. Ltd. ( Jiangsu
OGL ), a company formed under the laws of China. Jiangsu OGL has a (i) business license to operate farming, buy and sell
agriculture produce, food processing, permits to build resort units in tourism theme parks, (ii) leasing agreement for 7,020 acres
of farmland with Jiangsu Provincial Government for 50 years starting November 26, 2013, and (iii) 49,136 sq. meters Organic Exhibition
Garden open to the public for an entrance fee, where visitors can view and experience the greenhouses, plants and purchase fresh
produce. The Company has an exclusive right to use Jiangsu OGL s business license to operate and develop the agricultural
business in Jiangsu and develop an Eco-Agricultural Tourism Theme Park on 7,020 acres of farmland (Note 7). The Company has agreed
to pay (i) Jiangsu OGL an annual licensing fee of $100,000 for the Organic Exhibition Tourism Theme Park one year after Jiangsu
OGL receives the operation permit of the Organic Exhibition Center from the Government, (ii) Jiangsu OGL s major partner
OGL Group Pte Ltd. $1,000,000 in cash 6 months after Jiangsu OGL receives the operation permit of the Organic Exhibition Center
from the Government, and (iii) issue 1,222,000 shares of the common stock at the par value of $0.0001 per share to 38 Jiangsu OGL
shareholders since the majority shareholders of Jiangsu OGL are also the principal Officers of the Company, and currently the Company s
stock is not trading due to the registration statement not being effective (Note 6). The Company has acquired the License and has
issued 1,222,000 common shares valued at $122 on February 26, 2016. The Company, Jiangsu OGL, and OGL Group Pte. Ltd. have common
management and are under common control. The Company has not included the $1,000,000 cash consideration payable in the total valuation
of licensing rights since the Company has not paid the cash consideration of $1,000,000 as of September 30, 2016. The Company has
recorded License Rights at $122 based on the par value of 1,222,000 common shares at September 30, 2016. The Company has not started
generating revenues as a result of obtaining exclusive License. The Company will start amortizing the License over the remaining
term of the lease of farmland which expires on November 25, 2063, once the Company starts earning revenues due to the usage of
farmland and License. 

On August 18, 2016, the Company and Jiangsu
OGL entered into a memorandum to agree to mutually postpone the Organic Exhibition Garden operation until receiving the permit
to operate from the Government which is expected to be issued within the next six months. The first annul licensing fee that was
due by March 30, 2017 was postponed until one year after receipt of the permit to operate. 

NOTE 5   ACCRUED LIABILITIES  

As of September 30, 2016, the Company had
an accrued professional fee of $13,909 and an accrued registration and filling fee of $5,495. 

9   

OGL HOLDINGS LTD.  

  NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

  September 30, 2016 and 2015  

  (Unaudited)  

NOTE 6   RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS  

The Company is indebted to its Chief Executive
Officer (the  Officer ) for payments made to vendors on its behalf. The amount advanced are short-term, unsecured and
non-interest bearing. The total amount indebted to the Officer was $56,061 and $0 as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015,
respectively. 

On February 26, 2016, the Company executed
a Licensing Agreement with Jiangsu OGL Ecological Agriculture Science and Technology Co. Ltd. The Officer and the Chief Financial
Officer of the Company are also the controlling parties of Jiangsu OGL and OGL Group Pte Ltd (Note 4). The Company is obligated
to pay to OGL Group Pte Ltd. a cash consideration of $1,000,000 towards the cost of the License. 

NOTE 7   COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES  

Legal Costs
and Contingencies   

 In the normal
course of business, the Company incurs costs to hire and retain external legal counsel to advise it on regulatory, litigation and
other matters. The Company expenses these costs as the related services are received. 

The Company has the exclusive right to
use Jiangsu OGL s business license to operate and develop the agricultural business in Jiangsu, China, and build and develop
a 3,000 acre Eco-Agricultural Tourism Theme Park on the 7,020 acres of Farmland (Note 4). The Company is committed to pay $100,000
in licensing fees annually starting one year after the Company receives the operation permit of the Organic Expedition Garden from
the Government and continuing until November 25, 2063. In addition, the Company is obligated to pay $1,000,000 in cash to OGL Group
Pte Ltd. starting six months after the Company receives the permit from the Government as a consideration in exchange for the grant
of exclusive right to use business license. 

If a loss is considered
probable and the amount can be reasonable estimated, the Company recognizes an expense for the estimated loss. If the Company has
the potential to recover a portion of the estimated loss from a third party, the Company makes a separate assessment of recoverability
and reduces the estimated loss if recovery is also deemed probable.  

NOTE 8  
STOCKHOLDERS  EQUITY  

The Company s capitalization at September
30, 2016 was 100,000,000 authorized common shares with a par value of $0.0001 per share, and 20,000,000 authorized preferred shares
with a par value of $0.0001 per share. 

Common Stock   

 On February 26, 2016, the Company issued
1,222,000 shares of its common stock valued at $0.0001 per share, to 38 Jiangsu OGL non-related investors as partial consideration,
in connection with obtaining licensing rights to operate and develop the agricultural business, and exclusive right to build and
develop Eco-Agricultural Tourism Theme Park in Jiangsu, China (Note 4). The partial consideration as it related to 1,222,000 shares
of common stock, was valued at $122 as of February 26, 2016. The common shares issued to 38 Jiangsu OGL non-related investors were
residents of China. All of the stock certificates issued to the investors have been affixed with an appropriate legend restricting
sales and transfers. Based on the foregoing, the Company has issued the common shares in reliance upon the exemptions from registration
provided by Section 4a (2) of the Securities Act of 1933 and/or Regulation S.   

As a result of all common stock issuances,
the total outstanding shares of common stock were 21,222,000 at September 30, 2016. 

Preferred Stock   

 At September 30, 2016, the Company had
no shares of preferred stock issued or outstanding. 

NOTE 9   SUBSEQUENT EVENT  

Management has evaluated subsequent events
through November 21, 2016, the date which the financial statements were available to be issued. All subsequent events requiring
recognition as of September 30, 2016 have been incorporated into these financial statements and there are no subsequent events
that require disclosure in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 855,  Subsequent Events.  

10   

Item 2: Management Discussions and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations  

All references to  we ,
 our,   us  and  Company  in this Item 2 refer to OGL Holdings Ltd ( OGL ).  

The discussion in this section contains
forward-looking statements. These statements relate to future events or our future financial performance. We have attempted to
identify forward-looking statements by terminology such as  anticipate,   believe,   can, 
 continue,   could,   estimate,   expect,   intend,   may, 
 plan,   potential,   predict,   should,   would  or  will 
or the negative of these terms or other comparable terminology, but their absence does not mean that a statement is not forward-looking.
These statements are only predictions and involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors, which could cause our
actual results to differ from those projected in any forward-looking statements we make. Several risks and uncertainties we face
are discussed in more detail under  Risk Factors  in   the 2015 Annual Report filed with the Securities and
Exchange Commission on March 30, 2016 .  You should, however, understand that it is not possible to predict or identify
all risks and uncertainties and you should not consider the risks and uncertainties identified by us to be a complete set of all
potential risks or uncertainties that could materially affect us. You should not place undue reliance on the forward-looking statements
we make herein because some or all of them may turn out to be wrong. We undertake no obligation to update any of the forward-looking
statements contained herein to reflect future events and developments, except as required by law.   The following discussion
and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read together with the audited financial statements
and accompanying notes and the other financial information appearing in the 2015 Annual Report filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission on March 30, 2016 and elsewhere in this report. The analysis set forth below is provided pursuant to applicable Securities
and Exchange Commission regulations and is not intended to serve as a basis for projections of future events.  

OGL Holding Ltd is an early-stage development
company. As of the periods from inception, through the date of this report, we did not generate any revenue and incurred minimal
expenses and operating losses, as part of its development stage activities. We were incorporated in the State of Delaware on January
12, 2015, and we were formerly known as Red Grotto Acquisition Corporation. In March 2015, Red Grotto Acquisition Corporation filed
a registration statement with the Securities and Exchange Commission on Form 10 by which it became a public reporting company.

The Company is an early-stage ecologically
conscious company formed to design, build and manage an ecological theme park showcasing agriculturally advanced technologies and
to produce organic agricultural food utilizing such technology for efficient and non-destructive production. The agricultural theme
park will provide visitors fun attractions and exhibitions including hand picking fruit, seeing high-tech green house cultivation
as well as theme park type amusements. The park will provide visitors the opportunity to see the layout and operation of a high-tech
smart greenhouse for organic plant cultivation and then use these models for their farms and greenhouses. 

Anticipated Timeline, Cost and Summary
of Business Plan  

On February 26, 2016, the Company signed
an agreement with Jiangsu O.G.L. Ecological Agriculture Science and Technology Co., Ltd. ( Jiangsu OGL ). This agreement
grants the Company an exclusive right to use Jiangsu OGL s business license to operate, develop agriculture and tourism business
on 7,020 acres farmland in Jiangsu, China. The Company will also lease and operate the Organic Exhibition Garden that is owned
by Jiangsu OGL. 

The Organic Exhibition Garden is 49,136
square meters in size and is located on the 7,020 acres farmland in Jiangsu, China ( www.jsogl.com ). It is now open to the
public for an entrance fee RMB50 (USD$7.8) for the visitors. The visitors can view and experience the greenhouses, plants, and
purchase fresh produce. The Company will pay $100,000 leasing fee for the Organic Exhibition Garden with the first leasing fee
due on June 30, 2017. Starting the beginning of 2017, the Company will start earning revenues from Organic Exhibition Garden through
the entrance ticket and the selling of the produce from the Garden. 

The Company will pay an aggregate value
of $6,499,000 for the exclusive right to use Jiangsu OGL s business license and the right to lease the Organic Exhibition
Garden. This aggregate value includes 1,222,000 shares, equivalent to $5,499,000 (calculated at $4.50 per share), to 38 Jiangsu
OGL shareholders. The balance of $1,000,000 will be paid in cash to Jiangsu OGL s major partner (OGL Group Pte. Ltd.) 6 months
after the Company receives the operation permit of the Organic Exhibition Center from the Government. The Organic Exhibition Garden
terms and conditions will be renegotiated every 2 years. 

Jiangsu O.G.L. is owned by OGL Group Pte.
Ltd. Mr. Lim Kun Lim and Ms. Tian Chunzhi are the major shareholders of the company and the acquisition is not deemed as an arm s
length transaction. 

Mr. Lim, Chairman and President of the
OGL Holdings Ltd., agreed to pay all operation expenses for the Company as Director s loan with no interest calculated until
the Company can raise sufficient funds for its operation and project development. 

The Company anticipates that it will need
approximately $1,500,000 to execute the licensing agreement and the operations of the Organic Exhibition Garden are expected to
commence sometime at the beginning of 2017. 

As of September 30, 2016, the Company had
no cash and has earned no revenues nor realized any profits. The Company intends to make an equity offering of its common stock
for the acquisition and operation expenses. If it cannot raise the required cash, the Company will issue additional shares of common
stock in lieu of cash.  

11   

In September, 2015, the Company exercised
a change of control by redeeming shares of its existing shareholders, issuing shares to new shareholders, electing new officers
and directors and accepting the resignations of its then existing officers and directors. In connection with the change of control,
the shareholders of the Company and its board of directors unanimously approved the change of the Company s name from Red
Grotto Acquisition Corporation to OGL Holdings Ltd. 

The Company s financial statements
are prepared using generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America applicable to a going concern, which
contemplates the realization of assets and the satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business. We have not yet established
an ongoing source of revenues sufficient to cover our operating costs and allow it to continue as a going concern. We funded our
operations primarily through the financial support from our officers and shareholders. The continuation of the Company as a going
concern is dependent upon the continued financial support from its shareholders, the ability of the Company to obtain necessary
financing to continue operations, and the attainment of growth and profitable operations. We incurred a net loss of $44,719 for
the nine months ended September 30, 2016, had a working capital deficit of $75,465 and an accumulated deficit of $157,960 as of
September 30, 2016. These factors, among others raise a substantial doubt regarding the Company s ability to continue as
a going concern. If the Company is unable to obtain adequate capital, it could be forced to cease operations. 

Financial Operations Overview  

Revenue   

We have not earned revenues from our operations
since January 12, 2015 (inception) to September 30, 2016, respectively. We expect to earn revenues from operations commencing sometime
in the beginning of 2017. 

Operating Expenses   

Operating expenses for the three months
and nine months ended September 30, 2016 were $18,469 and $44,319, compared to $454 and $1,166 for the same comparable periods
in 2015. Operating expenses increased by $18,015 and $43,153 for the three months and nine months ended September 30, 2016 as compared
to the same comparable periods in 2015, primarily due to the increase in legal, professional, EDGAR, XBRL filing fees and accounting
fees incurred for complying with the rules of the SEC. We expect our general and administrative expenses will increase materially
as we operate as a public company. These increases will likely to include salaries and benefits, legal and consulting fees, accounting
and audit fees, director fees, directors  and officers  insurance premiums, fees for investor relations services, enhanced
business and accounting systems, and other costs associated with operations.   

Liquidity and Capital Resources   

Since our inception, our operations have
been primarily financed through funding from the officers and shareholders. 

For the nine months ended September 30,
2016, we had no cash and cash equivalents. We believe that our existing capital resources will not be sufficient to meet our projected
operating requirements for at least the next 12 months and we will need to raise additional capital. Based on our operating plan,
we will need additional funds to meet operational needs and capital requirements for operating the Organic Exhibition Garden and
Eco-Agricultural Tourism Theme Park. We currently have no credit facility or committed sources of capital. To fund future operations,
we will need to raise additional capital. Funding may not be available to us on acceptable terms or at any terms. If we are unable
to obtain adequate financing when needed, we may have to delay, reduce the scope of, or even suspend development of future park
exhibits. We may seek to raise any necessary additional capital through a combination of public or private equity offerings, debt
financings, collaborations, strategic alliances, licensing arrangements and other marketing and distribution arrangements. To the
extent that we raise additional capital through marketing and distribution arrangements or other collaborations, strategic alliances
or licensing arrangements with third parties, we may have to relinquish valuable rights associated with our License Agreement future
revenue streams, and we may have to grant licenses on terms that may not be favorable to us. If we do raise additional capital
through public or private equity offerings, the ownership interest of our existing stockholders will be diluted, and the terms
of these securities may include liquidation or other preferences that adversely affect our stockholders  rights. If we raise
additional capital through debt financing, we may be subject to covenants limiting or restricting our ability to take specific
actions, such as incurring additional debt, making capital expenditures, or declaring dividends. 

The accompanying financial statements for
the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, have been prepared on a basis that contemplates the realization of assets and
the satisfaction of liabilities and commitments in the normal course of business. We have continuing net losses and deficiencies
in working capital as of most of the balance sheet dates. These conditions raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue
as a going concern. Our financial statements do not include any adjustments to the amounts and classification of assets and liabilities
that may be necessary should we be unable to continue as a going concern. These circumstances caused our independent registered
public accounting firm to include an explanatory paragraph in their report dated March 30, 2016, regarding their concerns about
our ability to continue as a going concern. Our ability to continue as a going concern depends on our ability to obtain additional
financing as may be required to fund current operations. Management s plans include selling its equity securities and obtaining
debt or other financing to fund its capital requirement and on-going operations; however, there can be no assurance the Company
will be successful in these efforts. These factors create substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a
going concern. The financial statements do not include any adjustment that might be necessary if the Company is unable to continue
as a going concern.   

12   

Operating Activities   

Net cash used in operating activities for
the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was $20,055, which resulted primarily due to the net loss of $44,719, depreciation of
$5,260 and increase in accrued liabilities of $19,404. 

Financing Activities   

Net cash provided by financing activities
for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was $20,055, which resulted primarily due to net proceeds from loans from related
party in the amount of $20,055. 

Non-cash Investing and Financing
Activities   

The Company acquired property and equipment
of $36,006 and the Company s Chief Executive Officer paid the acquisition cost on behalf of the Company. The Company acquired
the Licensing Rights to operate and develop the agriculture business and to build and develop a 3,000 acre Eco-Agricultural Tourism
Theme Park, and agreed to pay $1,000,122 in exchange of the licensing rights, of which $1,000,000 still remain payable as of September
30, 2016. 

Alternative Financial Planning  

The Company has no alternative financial
plans at the moment. If the Company is not able to successfully raise funds as needed through a private placement or other securities
offering (including, but not limited to, a primary public offering of securities), the Company will not be able to implement its
business plan as a going concern. 

Equipment Financing  

The Company has no existing equipment financing
arrangements. 

Critical Accounting Policies and
Significant Judgments and Estimates   

Our management s discussion and analysis
of our financial condition and results of operations is based on our financial statements which we have prepared in accordance
with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. In preparing our financial statements, we are required to make estimates and
assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at
the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting periods. We have identified
the following accounting policies that we believe require application of management s most subjective judgments, often requiring
the need to make estimates about the effect of matters that are inherently uncertain and may change in subsequent periods. Our
actual results could differ from these estimates and such differences could be material. 

While our significant accounting policies
are described in more detail in Note 2 of our annual financial statements included in our Annual Report filed with the SEC on March
30, 2016, we believe the following accounting policies to be critical to the judgments and estimates used in the preparation of
our financial statements.    

JOBS Act Accounting Election   

We are an   emerging growth company , 
as defined in the JOBS Act. Under the JOBS Act, emerging growth companies can delay adopting new or revised accounting standards
issued subsequent to the enactment of the JOBS Act until such time as those standards apply to private companies. We have irrevocably
elected not to avail ourselves of this exemption from new or revised accounting standards, and, therefore, will be subject to the
same new or revised accounting standards as other public companies that are not emerging growth companies. 

Fair Value of Financial Instruments
and Fair Value Measurements  

ASC 820,  Fair  Value Measurements
and Disclosures ,  requires an entity to maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable
inputs when measuring fair value. ASC 820 establishes a fair value hierarchy based on the level of independent, objective evidence
surrounding the inputs used to measure fair value. A financial instrument s categorization within the fair value hierarchy
is based upon the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurement. 

Development Stage and Capital Resources  

The Company has devoted substantially all
of its efforts to business planning since its inception on January 12, 2015. Accordingly, the Company is considered to be in the
development stage. The Company has not generated revenues from its operations, and it will not commence generating revenues until
sometime during 2017. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements  

We have not engaged in any off-balance
sheet arrangements as defined in Item 303(c) of the SEC s Regulation S-B. We did not have any relationships with unconsolidated
organizations or financial partnerships, such as structured finance or special-purpose entities that would have been established
for the purpose of facilitating off-balance sheet arrangements or other contractually narrow or limited purposes.  

13   

Item 3.   
       Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk    

As a smaller reporting company as defined
by Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the  Exchange Act ), and as provided in Item 10(f)(1) of Regulation
S-K, we are electing scaled disclosure reporting obligations and, therefore, are not required to provide the information requested
by this Item. 

Item 4.   
       Controls and Procedures    

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures  

As of the end of the period covered by
this report on Form 10-Q, our President (principal executive officer) and our Chief Financial Officer performed an evaluation of
the effectiveness of and the operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) or Rule 15d-15(e)
under the Exchange Act. Based on that evaluation, our President and Chief Financial Officer each concluded that as of the end of
the period covered by this report on Form 10-Q, our disclosure controls and procedures are effective in timely alerting them to
material information relating to OGL Holdings Ltd. required to be included in our Exchange Act filings. 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial
Reporting  

There have been no changes in our internal
control over financial reporting identified in connection with the evaluation required by paragraph (d) of Rule 13a-15 or Rule
15d-15 under the Exchange Act that occurred during the quarter ended September 30, 2016 that has materially affected, or is reasonably
likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

PART II - OTHER INFORMATION  

Item
1.   
       Legal Proceedings    

From time to time, we may become involved
in various lawsuits and legal proceedings that arise in the ordinary course of our business. The impact and outcome of litigation,
if any, is subject to inherent uncertainties, and any adverse result in these or other matters may arise from time to time that
could harm our business. The Company s officers and directors are not aware of any threatened or pending litigation to which
the Company is a party or which any of its property is the subject and which would have any material, adverse effect on the Company. 

Item 1A.   
       Risk Factors    

This information is not required for smaller reporting companies. 

Item 2.   
       Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds    

None 

Item 3.   
       Defaults Upon Senior Securities    

None 

Item 4.   
       Mine Safety Disclosures    

None 

Item 5.   
       Other Information    

None   

14   

Item 6.   
       EXHIBITS    

The following Exhibits are filed
as part of this Quarterly Report pursuant to Item 601 of Regulation S-K: 

(a) Exhibits. 

Exhibit   
       
       Item    
 
      31.1  
       
      Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302(a) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002   

31.2  
       
      Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302(a) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002   

32.1  
       
      Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002   

101.INS  
       
      XBRL Instance Document   
 
      101.SCH  
       
      XBRL Taxonomy Schema   
 
      101.CAL  
       
      XBRL Taxonomy Calculation Linkbase   
 
      101.DEF  
       
      XBRL Taxonomy Definition Linkbase   
 
      101.LAB  
       
      XBRL Taxonomy Label Linkbase   
 
      101.PRE  
       
      XBRL Taxonomy Presentation Linkbase   

15   

SIGNATURES  

Pursuant to the requirement
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned
thereunto duly authorized. 

Date: November 21, 2016   
       
      OGL Holdings Ltd.   

By:  
      /s/ Tian, Chunzhi   

TIAN, CHUNZHI   

Chief Executive Officer    

/s/Cheng, Yee Fai Fred   

CHENG, YEE FAI FRED   

Chief Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer   

16   

<EX-31.1>
 2
 v453438_ex31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

EXHIBIT 31.1  

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 302  

I, Tian, Chunzhi, certify that: 

1.  
      I have reviewed this Form 10-Q of OGL Holding Ltd.   

2.  
      Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;   

3.  
      Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;   

4.  
      The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:   

a)  
      Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;   

b)  
      Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;   

c)  
      Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluations; and   

d)  
      Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and   

5.  
      The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):   

a)  
      All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and   

b)  
      Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting.   

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 v453438_ex31-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

EXHIBIT 31.2   

  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 302  

I, Cheng, Yee Fai Fred, certify that: 

1.  
      I have reviewed this Form 10-Q of OGL Holding Ltd.   

2.  
      Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;   

3.  
      Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;   

4.  
      The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:   

a)  
      Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;   

b)  
      Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;   

c)  
      Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluations; and   

d)  
      Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and   

5.  
      The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):   

a)  
      All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and   

b)  
      Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting.   

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 v453438_ex32-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

EXHIBIT 32.1  

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION
1350, AS ADOPTED  

  PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002  

In connection with the report of OGL Holding
Ltd. (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the period ending September 30, 2016 as filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), each of the undersigned, in the capacities and on the dates indicated
below, hereby certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002,
that to his knowledge: 

(1)  
       
      The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and   

(2)  
       
      The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.   

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.INS>
 5
 cik0001634421-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 cik0001634421-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 cik0001634421-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 cik0001634421-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 cik0001634421-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 cik0001634421-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

