<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161108_10-Q_edgar_data_1305253_0001564590-16-028120_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>5243214</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>367390</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>221051</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1293469</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1727777</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1077989</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>20</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001564590-16-028120.hdr.sgml : 20161108
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161108081617
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001564590-16-028120
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		55
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161108
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161108

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Eiger BioPharmaceuticals, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001305253
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BIOLOGICAL PRODUCTS (NO DIAGNOSTIC SUBSTANCES) [2836]
		IRS NUMBER:				361004130
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-36183
		FILM NUMBER:		161980030

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		350 CAMBRIDGE AVE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 350
		CITY:			PALO ALTO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94306
		BUSINESS PHONE:		650-279-9845

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		350 CAMBRIDGE AVE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 350
		CITY:			PALO ALTO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94306

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Celladon Corp
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20041005

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001564590-16-028120.txt : 20161108

10-Q
 1
 eigr-10q_20160930.htm
 FORM 10-Q

eigr-10q_20160930.htm

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
   
 Form 10-Q 
   
 (Mark One) 

For the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016 
 OR 

For the transition period from                        to                        
 Commission file number: 001-36183 
   
 Eiger BioPharmaceuticals, Inc. 
 (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in its Charter) 

(650) 272-6138 
 (Registrant s Telephone Number, Including Area Code) 
   
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.    Yes           No        
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).    Yes           No        
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): 

Large accelerated filer  

Accelerated filer  

Non-accelerated filer  

(Do not check if a smaller reporting company)   

Smaller reporting company  

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).    Yes           No        
 As of November 3, 2016, the number of outstanding shares of the registrant s common stock, par value $0.001 per share, was 8,356,659. 

EIGER BIOPHARMACEUTICALS, INC.  
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page No.  

PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION    

Item 1. Financial Statements:    

Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2016 (unaudited) and December 31, 2015    

3  

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 (unaudited)    

4  

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Stockholders  Equity (Deficit) for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 (unaudited)    

5  

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 (unaudited)    

6  

Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (unaudited)    

7  

Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations    

18  

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk    

24  

Item 4. Controls and Procedures    

24  

PART II. OTHER INFORMATION    

Item 1. Legal Proceedings    

25  

Item 1A. Risk Factors    

25  

Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds    

48  

Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities    

49  

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures    

49  

Item 5. Other Information    

49  

Item 6. Exhibits    

49  

Signatures    

50  

Exhibit Index    

51  

In this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q,  we,   our,   us,   Eiger,  and  the Company  refer to Eiger Biopharmaceuticals, Inc. Eiger, Eiger Biopharmaceuticals, the Eiger logo and other trade names, trademarks or service marks of Eiger are the property of Eiger Biopharmaceuticals, Inc. This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q contains references to our trademarks and to trademarks belonging to other entities. Trade names, trademarks and service marks of other companies appearing in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q are the property of their respective holders. We do not intend our use or display of other companies  trade names or trademarks to imply a relationship with, or endorsement or sponsorship of us by, any other companies. 

PART I. FINANCI  AL   INFORMATION  

ITEM 1.   
 
     FINANCIAL STATEMENTS    

 Eiger BioPharmaceuticals, Inc. 
     Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 (In thousands) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 

3 
 
    Eiger   BioPharmaceuticals, Inc.  
     Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss 
  (Unaudited)  
 (In thousands, except shares and per share amounts) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 

4 
 
    Eiger BioPharmaceuticals, Inc.  
     Condensed Consolidated Statements of Stockholders  Equity (Deficit) 
 (Unaudited) 
 (In thousands, except shares) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 

5 
 
    Eiger BioPharmaceuticals, Inc.  
     Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flow 
 (Unaudited) 
 (In thousands) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 

6 
 
    Eiger BioPharmaceuticals, Inc.  
     Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Unaudited) 

1.   
 
 Description of Business    

 Eiger BioPharmaceuticals, Inc. (the  Company ) was incorporated in the State of Delaware on November 6, 2008. The Company is a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company committed to bringing to market novel products for the treatment of orphan diseases. The Company has built a diverse portfolio of well-characterized product candidates with the potential to address diseases for which the unmet medical need is high, the biology for treatment is clear, and for which an effective therapy is urgently needed. The Company s principal operations are based in Palo Alto, California and it operates in one segment. 
 Reverse Merger 
 On March 22, 2016, Eiger BioPharmaceuticals, Inc. ( Eiger ) completed its merger with Celladon Corporation ( Celladon ) in accordance with the terms of the Agreement and Plan of Merger and Reorganization, dated November 18, 2015 (the  Merger Agreement ), by and among Celladon, Celladon Merger Sub, Inc. ( Merger Sub ) and Eiger (the  Merger ). Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, Merger Sub merged with and into Eiger, with Eiger becoming a wholly-owned subsidiary of Celladon and the surviving corporation of the Merger. Pursuant to the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Merger Agreement, Eiger stockholders became the majority stockholders of the surviving company. In connection with, and immediately prior to, the closing of the Merger, on March 22, 2016, Celladon filed an amendment to its amended and restated certificate of incorporation with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware to effect a fifteen-for-one reverse stock split of its common stock (the  Reverse Stock Split ). In connection with and immediately following the consummation of the Merger, on March 22, 2016, Celladon filed an amendment to its amended and restated certificate of incorporation with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware to change its name to Eiger BioPharmaceuticals, Inc. The Company s shares of common stock listed on the NASDAQ Global Market, previously trading through the close of business on Tuesday, March 22, 2016 under the ticker symbol  CLDN,  commenced trading on the NASDAQ Global Market, on a post-reverse stock split adjusted basis, under the ticker symbol  EIGR  on March 23, 2016. On March 22, 2016, a Certificate of Merger was filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware to effect the Merger of Merger Sub with and into Eiger. See Note 4 for further details. 
 The Company, or Eiger, as used in the accompanying notes to the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements, refers to Private Eiger prior to the completion of the Merger and Public Eiger subsequent to the completion of the Merger. 
 Reverse Stock Split and Exchange Ratio 
 On March 22, 2016, and prior to the closing of the Merger, Celladon completed a fifteen-for-one reverse stock split. As a result of the reverse stock split, every fifteen shares of Celladon common stock outstanding immediately prior to the Merger were combined and reclassified into one share of Celladon common stock. No fractional shares were issued in connection with the reverse stock split. 
 The holders of shares of Eiger common stock outstanding immediately prior to the Merger received approximately 0.09 shares of Celladon common stock in exchange for each share of Eiger common stock in the Merger. Following the reverse stock split and the Merger on March 22, 2016, the combined company had 6,945,401 shares of common stock outstanding. 
 The accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements and notes to the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements give retroactive effect to the Reverse Stock Split for all periods presented. 
 Liquidity 
 The Company had an accumulated deficit of $63.6 million as of September 30, 2016 and negative cash flows from operating activities and expects to continue to incur losses for the next several years. On March 22, 2016, the Company completed the Merger which provided $28.0 million in net cash (see Note 4). In addition, prior to the closing of the Merger, the Company received approximately $33.5 million in cash from the issuance of common stock issued to third parties and existing stockholders (see Note 8). On August 23, 2016, the Company completed an underwritten public offering of 1,250,000 shares of its Common Stock at a price to the public of $16.00 per share, totaling $20.0 million gross proceeds, before deducting underwriting discounts and commissions and estimated offering expenses totaling approximately $1.8 million. Management believes that the currently available resources will be sufficient to fund its operations for approximately the next 12 months. However, if the Company s anticipated operating results are not achieved in future periods, management believes that planned expenditures may need to be reduced in order to extend the time period over which the then-available resources would be able to fund the Company s operations. The Company may consider to raise additional capital through the issuance  of additional equity and potentially through borrowings.  
   
 7 

2.   
 
 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies    

 Basis of Presentation 
 The unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Eiger BioPharmaceuticals, Inc. and its wholly owned subsidiaries, EBPI Merger Inc., EB Pharma LLC and Eiger BioPharmaceuticals Europe Limited, and have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America, ( U.S. GAAP ) and following the requirements of the Securities and Exchange Commission (the  SEC ) for interim reporting. As permitted under those rules, certain footnotes or other financial information that are normally required by U.S. GAAP can be condensed or omitted. These financial statements have been prepared on the same basis as the Company s annual financial statements and, in the opinion of management, reflect all adjustments, consisting only of normal recurring adjustments, which are necessary for a fair statement of the Company s financial information. These interim results are not necessarily indicative of the results to be expected for the year ending December 31, 2016 or for any other interim period or for any other future year. The balance sheet as of December 31, 2015 has been derived from audited consolidated financial statements at that date but does not include all of the information required by U.S. GAAP for complete financial statements. All intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. 
 The accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements and related financial information should be read in conjunction with the audited consolidated financial statements and the related notes thereto contained in the Company s Form 8-K/A and Form 8-K/A Amendment No.2 for the year ended December 31, 2015, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 13, 2016 and June 17, 2016, respectively. 
 Use of Estimates 
 The preparation of financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of expenses during the reporting period. On an ongoing basis, the Company evaluates its estimates, including those related to clinical trial accrued liabilities, stock-based compensation and income taxes. The Company bases its estimates on historical experience and on various other market-specific and relevant assumptions that the Company believes to be reasonable under the circumstances. Actual results could differ from those estimates. 
 Accrued Research and Development Costs 
 The Company accrues for estimated costs of research and development activities conducted by third-party service providers, which include the conduct of preclinical and clinical studies, and contract manufacturing activities. The Company records the estimated costs of research and development activities based upon the estimated amount of services provided, but not yet invoiced, and includes these costs in accrued liabilities in the unaudited condensed consolidated balance sheets and within research and development expense in the unaudited condensed consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss. These costs are a significant component of the Company s research and development expenses. The Company accrues for these costs based on factors such as estimates of the work completed and in accordance with agreements established with its third-party service providers. The Company makes significant judgments and estimates in determining the accrued liabilities balance in each reporting period. As actual costs become known, the Company adjusts its accrued liabilities. 
 Research and Development Expenses 
 Research and development costs are expensed as incurred and consist of payroll expenses, stock-based compensation expense, lab supplies and allocated facility costs, as well as fees paid to third parties that conduct certain research and development activities on the Company s behalf. Amounts incurred in connection with license and asset purchase agreements are also included in research and development expense. 
 Stock-Based Compensation Expense 
 Stock-based awards to employees and directors, including stock options, are recorded at fair value as of the grant date using the Black-Scholes option pricing model and recognized as expense on a straight line-basis over the employee s or director s requisite service period (generally the vesting period). Non-cash stock compensation expense is based on awards ultimately expected to vest and is reduced by an estimate for future forfeitures. Forfeitures are estimated at the time of grant and revised, if necessary, in subsequent periods if actual forfeitures differ from estimates. The determination of fair value for stock-based awards on the date of grant using an option pricing model requires management to make certain assumptions regarding subjective variables. 
 8 
 
    Stock-based awards and stock options issued to non-employee consultants are recorded at fai  r value and remeasured at the end of each period as they vest using the Black-Scholes option pricing model. Expense is recognized over the vesting period which is generally the same as the service period.  
 Net Loss per Share 
 Basic net loss per share of common stock is calculated by dividing the net loss by the weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding during the period, without consideration for potentially dilutive securities. Since the Company was in a loss position for all periods presented, diluted net loss per share is the same as basic net loss per share for all periods as the inclusion of all potential common shares outstanding would have been anti-dilutive.  
 The following table sets forth the outstanding potentially dilutive securities which have been excluded in the calculation of diluted net loss per share because including such securities would be anti-dilutive (in common stock equivalent shares): 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
 In August 2014, the Financial Accounting Standards Board, ( FASB ), issued Accounting Standards Update, ( ASU ), ASU 2014-15,  Disclosure of Uncertainties about an Entity s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern (Subtopic 205-40) . ASU 2014-15 requires management to evaluate relevant conditions, events and certain management plans that are known or reasonably knowable that when, considered in the aggregate, raise substantial doubt about the entity s ability to continue as a going concern within one year after the date that the financial statements are issued, for both annual and interim periods. ASU 2014-15 also requires certain disclosures around management s plans and evaluation, as well as the plans, if any, that are intended to mitigate those conditions or events that will alleviate the substantial doubt. ASU 2014-15 is effective for fiscal years ending after December 15, 2016. The Company does not anticipate the adoption of ASU 2014-15 will have a material impact on its consolidated financial statements and related disclosures. 
 On February 25, 2016 the FASB issued ASU 2016-02,  Leases (Topic 842),  which requires lessees to recognize most leases on their balance sheet.  The standard requires use of the modified retrospective transition method, with elective relief, which requires application of the guidance for all periods presented. The new standard will be effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018. Early adoption is permitted. The Company is evaluating the effect ASU 2016-02 will have on its consolidated financial statements and related disclosures. The Company has not yet selected a transition method nor has it determined the effect of the standard on its ongoing financial reporting. 
 In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-09,  Compensation-Stock Compensation (Topic 718): Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting,  which is intended to simplify several aspects of the accounting for employee share-based payment transactions, including the accounting and reporting of income taxes, the determination of forfeiture rates, classification of awards as either equity or liabilities, and classification on the statement of cash flows. ASU 2016-09 is effective for fiscal years and interim periods within those years beginning after December 15, 2016 and early adoption is permitted. The Company does not anticipate the adoption of ASU 2016-09 will have a material impact of its consolidated financial statements and related disclosures. 

3.   
 
 Fair Value Measurements    

 Fair value accounting is applied for all financial assets and liabilities that are recognized or disclosed at fair value in the financial statements on a recurring basis (at least annually). At September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 the carrying amount of cash and cash equivalents, prepaid expenses, accounts payable and accrued liabilities approximated their estimate fair value due to their relatively short maturities. Management believes the terms of the convertible promissory notes reflect current market conditions for an instrument with similar terms and maturity, therefore the carrying value of the Company s debt approximated its fair value. 
 9 
 
    Assets and liabilities recorded at fair value on a recurring basis in the   unaudited   condensed consolidated   balance sheets are categorized based upon the level of judgment associated with the inputs used to measure their fair values. Fair value is defined as the exchange price that would be received for an asset or an exit price that would be paid to transfer a   liability in the principal or most advantageous market for the asset or liability in an orderly transaction between market participants on the measurement date. The authoritative guidance on fair value measurements establishes a three-tier fair value hiera  rchy for disclosure of fair value measurements as follows:  
 Level 1 : Inputs are unadjusted, quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities at the measurement date;  
 Level 2 : Inputs are observable, unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for similar assets or liabilities, unadjusted quoted prices for identical or similar assets or liabilities in markets that are not active, or other inputs that are observable or can be corroborated by observable market data for substantially the full term of the related assets or liabilities; and  
 Level 3 : Unobservable inputs that are significant to the measurement of the fair value of the assets or liabilities that are supported by little or no market data.  
 The Company did not have any financial instruments that were measured at fair value on a recurring basis as of September 30, 2016. The Company s financial instruments as of December 31, 2015 included a warrant liability and an obligation to issue common stock in connection with the Eiccose asset purchase agreement, which were classified as Level 3. See Notes 6 and 7 for further discussion on the obligation to issue common stock and the warrant liability. 
 As of December 31, 2015, in order to determine the fair value of the Company s warrant liability and the obligation to issue common stock in connection with the Eiccose asset purchase agreement, the Company engaged an independent third-party valuation expert to determine the fair value of these instruments based on the common stock value which is based on probability weighted scenarios, each based on an income approach. The income approach estimates enterprise value based on the expectation of future cash flows that the Company will generate over the forecast horizon and a terminal value at the end of the forecast horizon. These future cash flows and terminal value are discounted to their present values using a discount rate based upon the required rate of return based on the risks associated with the investment. Upon settlement in March 2016, the Company remeasured the fair value of the Company s warrant liability and the obligation to issue common stock in connection with the Eiccose asset purchase agreement based on the fair value of the common stock that was issued upon settlement of these instruments. 
 There were no transfers between Level 1, Level 2 or Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy during the periods presented. 
 The following tables present the fair value hierarchy for assets and liabilities measured at fair value (in thousands): 

The following table provides a reconciliation of liabilities measured at fair value using Level 3 significant unobservable inputs (in thousands) for the nine months ended September 30, 2016: 

Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016  

Balance, beginning of period  

$  
 
 2,342  

Change in fair value of common stock warrants and obligation 
    to issue common stock to Eiccose  (1)   

369  

Settlement of warrant liability upon exercise of common stock 
    warrants  

(1,050  
 
 )  

Settlement of Eiccose obligation upon issuance of common 
    stock  

(1,661  
 
 )  

Balance, end of period  

$  

(1)    
 
 Changes in fair value of the obligation to issue common stock are recorded in other expense, net on the accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss.    

10 

4.   
 
      Reverse Merger     

 On March 22, 2016, Eiger completed the Merger with Celladon as discussed in Note 1. For accounting purposes, Eiger is considered to be acquiring Celladon in the Merger. Eiger was determined to be the accounting acquirer based upon the terms of the Merger and other factors including; (i) Eiger security holders owned approximately 78% of the combined company immediately following the closing of the Merger, (ii) Eiger directors held all of the board seats in the combined company, and (iii) Eiger management held all key positions in the management of the combined company. The Merger was be accounted for as an asset acquisition rather than business combination because the assets acquired and liabilities assumed by Eiger did not meet the definition of a business as defined by U.S. GAAP. The net assets acquired in connection with this transaction were recorded at their estimated acquisition date fair values as of March 22, 2016, the date the Merger with Celladon was completed. 
 Immediately prior to the effective date of the Merger and in connection with the private placement, the principal outstanding convertible promissory notes ( Promissory Notes  or  Notes ) of Eiger converted into shares of common stock of Eiger. Further, all outstanding warrants issued in connection with the Promissory Notes were exercised for common stock (see Note 7) and all shares of preferred stock of Eiger converted into shares of common stock of Eiger. 
 At the effective date of the Merger, Celladon issued shares of its common stock to Eiger stockholders, at an exchange rate of approximately 0.09 shares of common stock, after taking into account the Reverse Stock Split, in exchange for each share of Eiger common stock outstanding immediately prior to the Merger. The exchange rate was calculated by a formula that was determined through arms-length negotiations between Celladon and Eiger. The combined Company assumed all of the outstanding options, whether or not vested, under the Eiger 2009 Equity Incentive Plan (the  Eiger Plan ) with such options henceforth representing the right to purchase a number of shares of Celladon common stock equal to 0.09 multiplied by the number of shares of Eiger common stock previously represented by such options. 
 Immediately after the Reverse Stock Split and the Merger on March 22, 2016, there were 6,945,401 shares of the combined Company s common stock outstanding. In addition, immediately after the Merger, pre-Merger Eiger stockholders, warrantholders and optionholders owned approximately 78% of the aggregate number of shares of the combined Company s common stock, and the stockholders of Celladon immediately prior to the Merger owned approximately 22% of the aggregate number of shares of the combined Company s common stock (on a fully diluted basis). 
 On March 22, 2016, Celladon had 1.6 million shares of common stock outstanding and a market capitalization of $27.5 million. The estimated fair value of the net assets of Celladon on March 22, 2016 was $27.3 million. The fair value of Celladon s common stock on the Merger closing date was above the fair value of Celladon s net assets. As Celladon s net assets were predominantly comprised of cash offset by current liabilities, the fair value of Celladon s net assets as of March 22, 2016 was considered to be the best indicator of the fair value and, therefore, the estimated purchase consideration. 
 The following table summarizes the net assets acquired based on their estimated fair values as of March 22, 2016 (in thousands): 

5.   
 
 License Agreements    

 Bristol-Meyers Squibb License Agreement 
 On April 20, 2016, the Company and Bristol-Myers Squibb Company ( BMS ) entered into a License Agreement (the  BMS License Agreement ) and a Common Stock Purchase Agreement (the  BMS Purchase Agreement ). 
 Under the BMS License Agreement, BMS granted the Company an exclusive, worldwide, license to research, develop, manufacture, and sell products containing the proprietary BMS molecule known as PEG-interferon Lambda-1a (the  Licensed Product ) for all therapeutic and diagnostic uses in humans and animals. The Company is responsible for the development and commercialization of the Licensed Product at its sole cost and expense. The License Agreement requires the Company to make an upfront payment of $2.0 million in cash and issue $3.0 million in Company common stock and includes development and regulatory milestone payments totaling $61.0 million and commercial sales milestones of up to $128.0 million. The Company is obligated to pay BMS annual net sales royalties in the range of mid-single to mid-teens, depending on net sales levels. In addition, if the Company grants a sublicense, the Company is obligated to pay BMS a portion of the sublicensing income received.  
 11 
 
    The Company paid BMS an upfront payment of $2.0 million in April 2016,     which was charged to research and development expense in the   unaudited condensed con  solidated   statement of operations and comprehensive loss as there is no future alternative use for the intellectual property licensed.  
   
 The BMS Purchase Agreement provides for the issuance of 157,587 shares of common stock of the Company to BMS in consideration of the license granted to the Company under the BMS License Agreement. The BMS Purchase Agreement grants BMS certain registration rights with respect to the shares of common stock delivered, and BMS has agreed to certain trading and other restrictions with respect to the shares purchased. In April 2016, the Company issued 157,587 common shares to BMS for an aggregate fair value of $3.2 million, which was charged to research and development expense in the unaudited condensed consolidated statement of operations and comprehensive loss as there is no future alternative use for the intellectual property licensed. 
 Merck License Agreement 
 In September 2010, the Company entered into an exclusive license agreement with Schering Corporation, subsequently acquired by Merck   Co., Inc., or Merck, which provides the Company with the exclusive right to develop and commercialize Sarasar (lonafarnib). As consideration for such exclusive right, the Company issued 27,350 shares of Series A convertible preferred stock with a fair value of $500,000 when the agreement was executed in September 2010. In addition, the Company is obligated to pay Merck up to an aggregate of $27.0 million in development milestones and will be required to pay tiered royalties based on aggregate annual net sales of all licensed products ranging from mid-single to low double-digit royalties on net sales. The Company s obligation to pay royalties to Merck expires on a country-by-country and product-by-product basis on the later of the expiration of the last to expire patent assigned to the Company under the agreement, which is estimated to be in December 2016; or on the tenth anniversary of the first commercial sale of the product. In May 2015, the first regulatory milestone was achieved and the Company paid the related milestone payment of $1.0 million to Merck. The amount has been recorded as a charge to research and development expense during the nine months ended September 30, 2015. No additional charges were recorded during the nine months ended September 30, 2016. 
 Janssen License Agreement 
 In December 2014, the Company entered into a license agreement with Janssen Pharmaceutica NV, ( Janssen ). In connection with this license agreement, the Company is obligated to make development milestone payments in aggregate of up to $38.0 million, sales milestone payments in aggregate up to $65.8 million and will be required to pay tiered royalties based on aggregate annual net sales of all licensed products ranging from mid-single to low double-digit royalties of net sales. As of September 30, 2016, the product has not reached any development milestones nor achieved regulatory approval. 

6.   
 
 Asset Purchase Agreements and Related License Agreements    

 EGI Asset Purchase Agreement 
 In December 2010, the Company entered into an asset purchase agreement with Eiger Group International, Inc. ( EGI ). Dr. Jeffrey Glenn, a founder and director of the Company, is the sole owner of EGI. Pursuant to the agreement, the Company purchased all of the assets related to the use of farnesyl transferase inhibitors as anti-viral agents and methods to treat viral infections with those inhibitors and inhibitors of prenylation, prenyl cysteine methyltranferase and a protease that removes the XXX tripeptide from the CXXX polypeptide following prenylation including any related intellectual property to EGI. The Company paid EGI an upfront payment of $350,000 when the agreement was executed in December 2010. Additionally, the Company will pay a low single digit royalty of future aggregate annual net sales if the Company has not recouped the development costs of any drug product that incorporates clemizole. Once the costs have been recouped, the Company will pay a low single digit royalty of future aggregate annual net sales if there is no generic competition for the product and a low single digit royalty of future aggregate annual net sales if there is generic competition for the product. Within the first ten years after commercialization, the Company may make a one-time payment of $500,000 for each contract for the three types of product related to such intellectual property that would reduce the payment term for the three products to the tenth anniversary of the first commercial sale. The obligation to pay royalties expires on a country-by-country and product-by-product basis on the later of either when the product is no longer sold in any country or the earliest of the tenth anniversary of the first commercial sale of the product. As of September 30, 2016, the product has not achieved regulatory approval. 
 In November 2012, the Company entered into an agreement with EGI whereby the Company sold all of the assets related to the compound clemizole, including any related intellectual property. EGI will pay to the Company a high single digit royalty on future aggregate annual net sales, subject to certain reductions and exceptions. EGI s obligation to pay royalties expires on a country-by-country and product-by-product basis on the later of either expiration of the last to expire patent sold to EGI under the agreement or the earliest of the tenth anniversary of the first commercial sale of the product. As of September 30, 2016, the product has not achieved regulatory approval. 
 12 

Exendin Purchase Agreement and Related Stanford License Agreement 
 In September 2015, the Company entered into an asset purchase agreement with two individuals, Drs. Tracey McLaughlin and Colleen Craig, (the  Sellers ), whereby the Company purchased all of the assets related to the compound exendin including any related intellectual property from the Sellers (the  Exendin APA ). The Company also entered into a consulting agreement with the Sellers as part of the agreement. The Company issued 15,378 shares of common stock that were valued at $211,000 and options to purchase 46,134 shares of common stock with an exercise price of $2.06 per share when the agreement was executed in September 2015. 
 Of the 46,134 options to purchase common stock, 15,378 shares vest monthly over four years as services are provided by the Sellers and 30,756 vest upon the earlier of the first commercial sale of the product or the approval of new drug application by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (the milestone-vested options). 
 On March 22, 2016, immediately following the closing of the Merger, the Company issued additional  top-up  options to Drs. Tracey McLaughlin and Colleen Craig to purchase an aggregate of 48,544 shares of common stock, pursuant to the terms of the Exendin APA, with an exercise price of $17.25 per share. The top-up options consist of both time-vested and milestone-vested options. 
 The fair value of the time-vested options is recognized as non-employee share-based compensation expense as the awards vest over time, with the unvested portion revalued each period. The fair value of the milestone-vested options will be recognized as research and development expense when it is probable that the earliest milestone will be achieved at their then fair value. During the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, the Company recognized $26,000 and $1,000 of non-employee compensation expense related to the time-vested options, respectively. During the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, the Company recognized $254,000 and $1,000 of non-employee compensation expense related to the time-vested options, respectively. No expense was recognized for the milestone vested options during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. 
 The Company is also obligated to pay development milestone payments in an aggregate amount of up to $1.0 million to each Seller. Additionally, the Company is obligated to pay each Seller royalties of low single digits based on aggregate annual net sales of all products developed based on exendin, subject to certain reductions and exceptions. The Company s obligation to pay royalties expires on the expiration of the last to expire patent assigned to the Company under the agreement. Additionally, the Company has assumed the license agreement the Sellers had previously entered into with the Board of Trustees of the Leland Stanford Junior University ( Stanford ). Prior to the consummation of the Merger, Stanford was a holder of preferred stock of the Company, which converted into shares of common stock upon the consummation of the Merger. The Company is obligated to pay a royalty to Stanford in the low single digits on annual net sales after the first commercial sale of any products developed based on exendin. As of September 30, 2016, the Company had not reached any of the milestone events. 
 Eiccose Purchase Agreement and Related Stanford and Nippon License Agreements 
 In October 2015, the Company entered into an asset purchase agreement with Eiccose, LLC., or Eiccose, whereby Eiccose sold all of the assets related to the treatment of pulmonary arterial hypertension, or PAH, treatment of lymphedema and products containing ubenimex for the treatment of disorders involving LTB4, and any related intellectual property to the Company (the  Eiccose APA ). David Cory, the President, Chief Executive Officer and a director of the Company, is a managing member and significant equity interest holder of Eiccose. The Company made a payment to Eiccose of $120,000 representing reimbursement of certain previously incurred expenses, including payments and accrued amounts owed to Stanford in connection with the license agreement for the treatment of Lymphedema (the  Lymphedema License Agreement ) and the license agreement for the treatment of PAH (the  PAH License Agreement ). The Eiccose APA also provided that, upon a next round of financing pursuant to which the Company sells shares of capital stock resulting in gross proceeds to the Company of at least $25.0 million, the Company would issue to Eiccose fully vested shares of the Company s common stock equal to 1.75% of the total number of the Company s outstanding capital stock. In October 2015, the Company recorded $1.5 million in research and development expenses and a corresponding liability representing the fair value of the Company s obligation to issue common stock to Eiccose. 
 On March 22, 2016, the Company issued to Eiccose 96,300 fully vested shares of the Company s common stock pursuant to the terms of the Eiccose APA. In connection with this transaction the Company remeasured the fair value of the obligation to issue common stock at the settlement date and the change in fair value of $204,000 was recognized within other income (expense), net in the unaudited condensed consolidated statement of operations and comprehensive loss during the three months ended March 31, 2016. Upon the settlement of the obligation with the issuance of shares on March 22, 2016, the liability was reclassified to common stock and additional paid-in capital within stockholders  equity. 
   The Company is also obligated to pay to Eiccose an aggregate of $10.0 million of commercial milestones in connection with future sales of the product and royalties in the low single digits based on aggregate annual net sales following the first  
 13 
 
  commercial   sale of any product. As of September 30, 2016, the product has not reached any development milestones nor achieved regulatory approval.  
   
 In addition, as a result of this agreement, the Company has assumed the license agreements Eiccose had previously entered into. These include the PAH License Agreement, the Lymphedema License Agreement for the treatment of lymphedema and the license agreement with Nippon Kayaku Co., Ltd, ( Nippon ). As part of the agreement, Nippon is obligated to make a payment for royalties in the low single digits of sales to the Company. In connection with the PAH License Agreement and the Lymphedema License Agreement, the Company is obligated to make milestone payments of up to $500,000 in the aggregate under each contract, increasing annual license maintenance fees ranging from $10,000 to $75,000 over the term of each license agreement and royalty payments in low single digits on annual net sales after the first commercial sale of a product under each license. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, no amounts have been recorded to research and development expense in connection with the Eiccose APA. 

7.   
 
 Convertible Promissory Note and Warrant Purchase Agreement    

 On November 12, 2015, the Company entered into a convertible note and warrant purchase agreement (the  Note and Warrant Purchase Agreement ) with three lenders under which the Company issued convertible promissory notes (the  Notes ) for an aggregate principal amount of $6.0 million and warrants exercisable for shares of the Company s equity securities at a purchase price of $0.11 per share, on a post-Merger and post-Reverse Stock Split basis. The terms of the Notes included a provision whereby the Notes would be automatically converted into equity securities from a qualified financing with proceeds of at least $25.0 million. The terms of the warrants included a provision whereby the warrants would be automatically exercised if the Company consummated a public offering including a reverse merger ( PO ). If the PO did not occur on or prior to February 28, 2016, the warrant coverage amount was equal to 17.5% of the outstanding principal balance of the Notes. The number of warrant shares into which the warrants could be exercised was equal to the warrant coverage amount divided by the per share price of the equity securities sold in a qualified financing for an exercise price of $0.11 per share, on a post-Merger and post-Reverse Stock Split basis. The warrants also include a provision whereby in the event of a PO which would result in the automatic exercise of the warrants and the automatic conversion of the Notes, the exercise price of the warrants would be paid by cancelling any unpaid interest on the Notes. 
 On November 18, 2015, the Company entered into a subscription agreement (the  Subscription Agreement ) with the holders of the Notes and new investors (the  Private Placement ) for the sale of 2,304,430 shares of its common stock at purchase price of $17.14 per share for total gross proceeds of $39.5 million. The proceeds were comprised of approximately $6.0 million from the conversion of the Notes and approximately $33.5 million of cash. 
 The Company allocated the aggregate proceeds from the issuance of the Notes first to the warrants based on the warrants  fair value and then the residual proceeds were allocated to the debt obligation. As of December 31, 2015 the fair value of warrants of $885,000 was recorded as a debt discount to be amortized as interest expense over the term of the Note using the effective interest rate method. The fair value of the warrants was also recorded as a corresponding warrant liability. 
 In addition, the Company incurred debt issuance costs of $21,000 in connection with the Note and Warrant Purchase Agreement. The debt issuance costs was being amortized to interest expense over the term of the Note using the effective interest rate method. 
 Upon the closing of the Private Placement on March 22, 2016, immediately prior to the closing of the Merger, the outstanding balance of the Notes totaling approximately $6.0 million was converted into 350,040 shares of the Company s common stock. The warrants were exercised for 61,254 shares of the Company s common stock. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, the Company recognized a loss related to the change in fair value of the warrants of $0 and $165,000, respectively. The warrant liability was reclassified to common stock and additional paid-in capital within stockholders  equity, upon the exercise of the warrants and issuance of shares on March 22, 2016. 
 For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, the Company recognized $0 and $685,000, respectively, related to the accrued interest and amortization of the debt discount within interest expense on the Company s unaudited condensed consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss. The discount was fully amortized upon the conversion of the Notes. 

8.   
 
 Stockholder s Equity    

 Common Stock 
 Immediately prior to the effective date of the Merger, the principal and outstanding balance of the Notes was converted into shares of the Company s common stock. In addition, common stock warrants were also exercised and all outstanding preferred stock of the Company converted into common stock. 
 14 
 
    On August 23, 2016, the Company compl  eted an underwritten public offering of 1,250,000 shares of its common stock at a public offering price of $16.00 per share. Total gross proceeds from the offering were $20.0 million, before deducting underwriting discounts and commissions and estimated of  fering expenses totaling approximately $1.8 million. All of the shares were sold by the     Company pursuant to an effective shelf registration statement previously filed with the SEC.  
 In June 2016, the Company entered into a Controlled Equity Offering Sales Agreement (the  Sales Agreement ) with Cantor Fitzgerald   Co. ( Cantor Fitzgerald ), as a sales agent pursuant to which the Company may offer and sell from time to time, through Cantor Fitzgerald shares of the Company s common stock, par value $0.001 per share, having an aggregate offering price of up to $25.0 million. The minimum share price for this Controlled Equity Offering is selected at the discretion of the Company s Board of Directors. Through September 30, 2016, no shares of common stock have been sold pursuant to this Sales Agreement. 
 Private Placement 
 On November 18, 2015, Eiger entered into the Subscription Agreement, pursuant to which Eiger agreed to sell, prior to the consummation of the Merger,  2,304,430 shares of Eiger common stock to certain current stockholders and new investors of Eiger at a purchase price of $17.14 per share for aggregate gross proceeds of $39.5 million, including the conversion of the Notes. In March 2016, immediately prior to closing of the Merger the Company completed the Private Placement and issued an aggregate of 2,304,430 shares common stock in consideration for the conversion of the Notes and  cash proceeds of approximately $33.5 million. Further, all outstanding warrants issued in connection with the Promissory Notes were exercised for shares of common stock (see Note 7) and all shares of preferred stock of Eiger converted into shares of common stock of Eiger. 
 At the effective date of the Merger, each outstanding share of the Company s common stock was converted into the right to receive approximately 0.09 shares of Celladon common stock. 
 Warrants 
 The Company issued warrants to purchase equity securities of the Company in connection with the issuance of the Notes (see Note 7). As of December 31, 2015 the Company accounted for these warrants as a liability at fair value as the number of shares were not fixed and determinable at the issuance date. The Company adjusted the liability for changes in fair value until the exercise of the warrant in March, 2016, when the number of shares to be exercised became fixed, and the warrants were automatically exercised for shares of common stock. The warrant liability was immediately reclassified to common stock and additional paid in capital within stockholders  deficit. The change in fair value of the warrant liability was recognized as a component of other expense, net in the unaudited condensed consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss. 
 The Company assumed from Celladon fully exercisable warrants outstanding for the purchase of 10,180 shares of common stock. The warrants have an exercise price of $84.15 and expire in October 2018. 

9.   
 
 Stock Based Compensation    

 As discussed in Note 4, the Company assumed all of the outstanding options, whether or not vested, under the Eiger Plan, with such options henceforth representing the right to purchase a number of shares of the Company s common stock equal to approximately 0.09 multiplied by the number of shares of Eiger common stock previously represented by such options. For accounting purposes, however, the Company is deemed to have assumed the Celladon 2013 Equity Incentive Plan. 
 Because the Company is considered to be the acquirer for accounting purposes, the pre-Merger vested stock options granted by Celladon are deemed to have been exchanged for equity awards of the Company and, as such, the portion of the acquisition date fair value of these equity awards attributable to pre-Merger service to Celladon were accounted for as a component of the consideration transferred, which was not material to the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 The exchange of options to purchase shares of Eiger common stock for options to purchase shares of the Combined Company, was accounted for as a modification of the awards because the legal exchange of the awards is considered a modification of Eiger stock options. The modification of the stock options did not result in any incremental compensation expense as the modification did not increase the fair value of the stock options. 
   In June 2016, the Company s board of directors adopted and in August 2016 the Company s stockholders approved the amended and restated 2013 Equity Incentive Plan(the   Restated 2013 Plan ), which increased the number of shares reserved for grant by 1,296,683 shares. Under the terms of the Restated 2013 Plan, the Company may grant stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock, restricted stock units and other awards to individuals who are then employees, officers, non-employee directors or consultants of the Company. All awards granted prior to the approval of the Restated 2013 Plan remain subject to the terms of the previous plans and the applicable award agreements. The following table summarizes stock option activity  
 15 
 
  under the Company s stock based compensation plan during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 (in thousands, except share data):  

Stock Options Granted to Employees 
 During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, the Company granted employees stock options for 814,028 shares  and the weighted-average grant date fair value of these options was $10.58.  During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, the Company granted employees stock options for 166,791 and 169,825 shares, respectively.  The weighted-average grant date fair value of the options granted during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015 was $12.40 and $12.21, respectively.  
 The Company records stock-based compensation of stock options granted to employees by estimating the fair value of stock-based awards using the Black-Scholes option pricing model and amortizing the fair value of the stock-based awards granted over the applicable vesting period of the awards on a straight-line basis. The fair value of employee stock options was estimated using the following weighted-average assumptions:  

Stock Options Granted to Non-Employees 
 The Company grants stock options to non-employees in exchange for services rendered. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, the Company granted to non-employees stock options for 0 and 48,544 shares, respectively. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, the Company granted to non-employees stock options for 46,134 shares. Stock-based compensation expense related to stock options granted to non-employees is recognized as the stock options are earned and will fluctuate as the estimated fair value of the common stock fluctuates until the awards vest. The Company believes that the estimated fair value of the stock options is more readily measurable than the fair value of the services rendered.  
  The fair value of the stock options granted   to non-employees   is calculated at each reporting date using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model with the following assumptions:  

16 
 
    Stock-Based Compensation Expense  
 Total stock-based compensation expense recognized for options granted to employees and non-employees was as follows (in thousands): 

As of September 30, 2016, the total unrecognized compensation expense related to unvested employee options was $9.1 million, which the Company expects to recognize over an estimated weighted average period of 3.1 years. 

In July 2015, three putative securities class action complaints (captioned Fialkov v. Celladon Corporation, Case No. 15-cv-1458-AJB-DHB, Lorusso v. Celladon Corporation, Case No. 15-cv-1501-L-JLB and Jacobs v. Celladon Corporation, Case No. 15-cv-1529-AJB-MDD) were filed in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of California against Celladon and certain of Celladon s current and former officers. The complaints generally allege that the defendants violated Sections 10(b) and 20(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act, by making materially false and misleading statements regarding the clinical trial program for MYDICAR, thereby artificially inflating the price of Celladon s common stock. The complaints seek unspecified monetary damages and other relief, including attorneys  fees. On September 1, 2015, six stockholders (or groups of stockholders) filed motions to consolidate the three putative securities class actions and to appoint lead plaintiffs (the  Motions to Consolidate ). A hearing on the Motions to Consolidate was held on December 3, 2015. On December 9, 2015, the Court consolidated the three putative securities class actions and appointed a lead plaintiff to represent the putative class. The lead plaintiff filed a consolidated amended complaint on February 29, 2016. On April 29, 2016, the defendants, including Eiger, filed a motion to dismiss the consolidated amendment complaint. On June 28, 2016, lead plaintiff filed his opposition to the motion to dismiss the consolidated amended complaint. On July 28, 2016, the defendants filed their reply in support of the motion to dismiss. On October 7, 2016, the Court entered an order granting the Company s motion to dismiss with leave to amend. On October 18, 2016 lead plaintiff filed a notice that stated he does not intend to amend the complaint, an upon the Court s entry of judgment in favor of defendants, lead plaintiff will file a notice to appeal to the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit.  The Company believes that it has meritorious defenses and intends to defend these lawsuits vigorously. Due to the early stage of these proceedings, the Company is not able to predict or reasonably estimate the ultimate outcome or possible losses relating to these claims. 

11. Income taxes  
 Our tax expense for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 was zero due to our loss position and full valuation allowance.  This is consistent with our zero tax expense for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015.  

17 

ITEM 2.   
 
          Management s Discussion and Analysis of   Financial Condition and Results of Operations     

 You should read the following discussion and analysis of Eiger s financial condition and results of operations together with our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements and related notes thereto included in Part I, Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, Celladon s consolidated financial statements and related notes thereto for the year ended December 31, 2015, included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ) and Eiger s consolidated financial statements and related notes thereto for the year ended December 31, 2015, and pro forma financial statements included in our Form 8-K/A and Form 8-K/A Amendment No.2 filed with the SEC on May 13, 2016 and June 17,2016, respectively. This discussion and other parts of this report contain forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties, such as our plans, objectives, expectations, intentions and beliefs. Our actual results could differ materially from those discussed in these forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause or contribute to such differences include, but are not limited to, those identified below and those discussed in the section entitled  Risk Factors  included elsewhere in this report. 
 Forward-Looking Statements 
 This discussion contains certain forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act ). Forward-looking statements are identified by words such as  believe,   will,   may,   estimate,   continue,   anticipate,   intend,   should,   plan,   expect,   predict,   could,   potentially  or the negative of these terms or similar expressions. You should read these statements carefully because they discuss future expectations, contain projections of future results of operations or financial condition, or state other  forward-looking  information. These statements relate to our future plans, objectives, expectations, intentions and financial performance and the assumptions that underlie these statements. These forward-looking statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements. Factors that might cause such a difference include, but are not limited to, those discussed in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q in Part II, Item 1A    Risk Factors,  and elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. Forward-looking statements are based on our management s beliefs and assumptions and on information currently available to our management. These statements, like all statements in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, speak only as of their date, and we undertake no obligation to update or revise these statements in light of future developments. We caution investors that our business and financial performance are subject to substantial risks and uncertainties. 
 Overview 
 We are a clinical stage biopharmaceutical company focused on bringing to market novel product candidates for the treatment of orphan diseases. Since our founding in 2008, we have collaborated with investigators at Stanford University and in parallel evaluated a number of potential development candidates from pharmaceutical companies to ultimately build a pipeline of well characterized product candidates against novel orphan disease targets. Our resulting pipeline includes four Phase 2 candidates addressing four distinct orphan diseases. The programs have several aspects in common: the disease targets represent conditions of high medical need which are inadequately treated by current standard of care; the therapeutic approaches are supported by an understanding of disease biology and mechanism as elucidated by our academic research relationships; prior clinical experience with the product candidates guides an understanding of safety; and the development paths leverage the experience and capabilities of our experienced, commercially focused management team. The pipeline includes Sarasar TM  (lonafarnib) for hepatitis delta virus ( HDV ), PEG-interferon Lambda-1a (Lambda) for HDV, exendin (9-39) for post bariatric hypoglycemia (PBH) and Bestatin  (ubenimex) for pulmonary arterial hypertension ( PAH ) and lymphedema. We plan to deliver Phase 2 data on all five programs over the course of the next one to three years beginning in the fourth quarter of 2016. 
 We have no products approved for commercial sale and have not generated any revenue from product sales. We have never been profitable and have incurred operating losses in each year since inception. Our net losses were $34.3 million and $6.3 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. As of September 30, 2016, we had an accumulated deficit of $63.6 million. Substantially all of our operating losses resulted from expenses incurred in connection with our research and development programs and from general and administrative costs associated with our operations. 
 We expect to incur significant expenses and increasing operating losses for at least the next several years as we initiate and continue the clinical development of, and seek regulatory approval for, our product candidates and add personnel necessary to operate as a public company with an advanced clinical candidate pipeline of products. In addition, we are now operating as a publicly traded company following the reverse merger with Celladon Corporation ( Celladon ), and we will be hiring additional financial and other personnel, upgrading our financial information systems and incurring costs associated with operating as a public company. We expect that our operating losses will fluctuate significantly from quarter to quarter and year to year due to timing of clinical development programs and efforts to achieve regulatory approval. 
 18 
 
    Merger with Celladon  
 On March 22, 2016, we completed the reverse merger (the  Merger ) between pre-merger Eiger ( Private Eiger ) and Celladon in accordance with the terms of the Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of November 18, 2015, by and among Private Eiger, Celladon and Celladon Merger Sub, Inc. Also on March 22, 2016, in connection with, and prior to the completion of, the Merger, we effected a fifteen for one reverse stock split of our common stock (the  Reverse Stock Split ) and changed our name to  Eiger BioPharmaceuticals, Inc.  
 Immediately prior to and in connection with the Merger, each share of Private Eiger s preferred stock outstanding was converted into shares of Private Eiger s common stock at an exchange ratio of one share of common stock for each share of preferred stock. 
 Under the terms of the Merger Agreement, at the effective time of the Merger, Celladon issued shares of common stock to Private Eiger stockholders, at an exchange ratio of 0.09 shares of common stock, after taking into account the Reverse Stock Split, in exchange for each share of Private Eiger s common stock outstanding immediately prior to the Merger. The exchange ratio was calculated by a formula that was determined through arms-length negotiations between Celladon and Private Eiger. Immediately after the Merger, the former Private Eiger equity holders beneficially owned approximately 78% of post-merger Eiger s common stock. The Merger was accounted for as a reverse asset acquisition. 
 Financial Operations Overview 
 Research and Development Expenses 
 Research and development expenses represent costs incurred to conduct research and development, such as the development of our product candidates. We recognize all research and development costs as they are incurred. Research and development expenses consist primarily of the following: 

expenses incurred under agreements with consultants and clinical trial sites that conduct research and development activities on our behalf;     

laboratory and vendor expenses related to the execution of clinical trials;     

contract manufacturing expenses, primarily for the production of clinical supplies;      

license fees associated with our license agreements; and     

internal costs that are associated with activities performed by our research and development organization and generally benefit multiple programs. These costs are not separately allocated by product candidate. Unallocated internal research and development costs consist primarily of:     

personnel costs, which include salaries, benefits and stock-based compensation expense;     

allocated facilities and other expenses, which include expenses for rent and maintenance of facilities and depreciation expense; and     

regulatory expenses and technology license fees related to development activities.     

 The largest component of our operating expenses has historically been the investment in research and development activities. However, we do not allocate internal research and development costs, such as salaries, benefits, stock-based compensation expense and indirect costs to product candidates on a program-specific basis. The following table shows our research and development expenses for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015: 

We expect research and development expenses will increase in the future as we advance our product candidates into and through later stage clinical trials and pursue regulatory approvals, which will require a significant investment in regulatory support and contract  
 19 
 
  manufacturing and inventory build-up related costs. In addition, we continue to evaluate opportunities to acquire or in-license other product candidates   and technologies, which may result in higher research and development expenses due to license fee and/or milestone payments.  
 The process of conducting clinical trials necessary to obtain regulatory approval is costly and time consuming. We may never succeed in timely developing and achieving regulatory approval for our product candidates. The probability of success of our product candidates may be affected by numerous factors, including clinical data, competition, intellectual property rights, manufacturing capability and commercial viability. As a result, we are unable to determine the duration and completion costs of our development projects or when and to what extent we will generate revenue from the commercialization and sale of any of our product candidates. 
 General and Administrative Expenses 
 General and administrative expenses consist of personnel costs, allocated expenses and expenses for outside professional services, including legal, audit and accounting services. Personnel costs consist of salaries, benefits and stock-based compensation. Allocated expenses consist of facilities and other expenses, which include direct and allocated expenses for rent and maintenance of facilities, depreciation expense and other supplies. During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, we incurred incremental expenses as a result of the Merger and incremental expenses as a result of becoming a public company following completion of the Merger, including expenses related to compliance with the rules and regulations of the SEC and NASDAQ, additional insurance, investor relations and other administrative expenses and professional services. 
 Interest Expense 
 Interest expense consists of interest and amortization of the debt discount related to the convertible promissory notes outstanding and then converted into common stock in March 2016. 
 Other expense, net 
 Other expense, net consists of the change in fair value of the obligation to issue common stock to Eiccose and the change in fair value of warrant liability. 
 The change in fair value of the obligation to issue common stock to Eiccose was related to our obligation to issue shares to Eiccose upon the closing of the next round of financing that resulted in at least $25.0 million in gross proceeds to us. Upon the closing of the Private Placement on March 22, 2016, we issued to Eiccose 96,300 fully vested shares of our common stock in settlement of this obligation. In connection with this transaction we remeasured the fair value of the obligation to issue common stock at the settlement date and the change in fair value of $204,000 was recognized within other expense, net during the nine months ended September 30, 2016. Upon the settlement of the obligation with the issuance of shares on March 22, 2016, the liability was reclassified to common stock and additional paid-in capital within stockholders  equity. 
 In connection with our issuance of convertible promissory notes in November 2015, we issued warrants to the noteholders to purchase shares of our common stock at an exercise price of $0.11 per share, on a post-Merger and post-Reverse Stock Split basis. The number of shares into which the warrants could be exercised was equal to the warrant coverage amount divided by the per share price of the equity securities sold in a qualified financing and thus was accounted for as a liability. Upon the closing of the Private Placement on March 22, 2016, the number of shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants was fixed and the fair value remeasured at that date, and the warrants were automatically exercised. During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, we recognized a loss related to the change in fair value of the warrant liability of $165,000. The warrant liability was reclassified to common stock and additional paid-in capital within stockholders  equity, upon the exercise of the warrants and issuance of shares on March 22, 2016. 
 Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 Our management s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations is based on our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States. The preparation of these financial statements requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities and expenses. On an ongoing basis, we evaluate these estimates and judgments. We base our estimates on historical experience and on various assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances. These estimates and assumptions form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities and the recording of expenses that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ materially from these estimates. We believe that the accounting policies discussed below are critical to understanding our historical and future performance, as these policies relate to the more significant areas involving management s judgments and estimates. 
 20 
 
    Accrue  d Research and Development Expenses  
 We record accrued expenses for estimated costs of research and development activities conducted by external service providers, which include the conduct of clinical research and contract formulation and manufacturing activities. We record the estimated costs of development activities based upon the estimated amount of services provided but not yet invoiced, and include these costs in accrued liabilities in the unaudited condensed consolidated balance sheet and within development expense in the unaudited condensed consolidated statement of operations and comprehensive loss. These costs are a significant component our research and development expenses. We record accrued expenses for these costs based on the estimated amount of work completed and in accordance with agreements established with these external service providers. 
 We estimate the amount of work completed through discussions with internal personnel and external service providers as to the progress or stage of completion of the services and the agreed-upon fee to be paid for such services. We make significant judgments and estimates in determining the accrued balance in each reporting period. As actual costs become known, we adjust our accrued estimates. 
 Results of Operations 
 Comparison of the Three Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 

* - Change is not meaningful 
   
 Research and development expenses 
 Research and development expenses increased by $6.0 million to $8.1 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 from $2.1 million for the same period in 2015. The increase was primarily due to a $4.9 million increase in clinical expenditures due to increased program activity, a $0.2 million increase in consulting fees related to increased program activity and a $0.6 million increase in compensation and personnel related expenses due to an increase in headcount. 
 General and administrative expenses 
 General and administrative expenses increased by $2.5 million to $3.3 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 from $0.8 million for the same period in 2015. The increase was primarily due to a $1.1 million increase in stock-based compensation expense and a $0.4 million increase in compensation and personnel related expenses due to an increase in headcount, a $0.4 million increase in consulting, advisory and accounting services incurred related to being a public company, a $0.3 million increase in legal fees for the same reason and a $0.1 million increase in insurance expenses related to being a public company.  
 Comparison of the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 

Research and development expenses 
   Research and development expenses increased by $19.1 million to $23.6 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 from $4.5 million for the same period in 2015. The increase was primarily due to a $10.7 million increase in clinical expenditures due to increased program activity, a $5.2 million expense related to upfront payments under our License Agreement with Bristol Meyers  
 21 
 
  Squibb Company (the   BMS License Agreement ), a $1.6   million increase in compensation and   personnel related expenses due to   an   increase in headcount, a $1.1 million increase in consulting fees related to increased program activity, and a $0.4 million increase in meeting expenses related to increased program activity.   
 General and administrative expenses 
 General and administrative expenses increased by $7.8 million to $9.6 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 from $1.8 million for the same period in 2015. The increase was primarily due to a $3.4 million increase in consulting, advisory and accounting services incurred in connection with the Merger with Celladon and being a public company, a $1.4 million increase in legal fees for the same reason, a $1.3 million increase in stock-based compensation expense and a $1.0 million increase in compensation and personnel related expenses due to an increase in headcount, a $0.2 million increase in insurance expense and a $0.2 million increase in travel expenses related to being a public company.  
 Interest expense, net 
 Interest expense of $0.7 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 consists of interest and amortization of the debt discount related to the convertible promissory notes outstanding prior to their conversion into common stock in March 2016. We did not have any debt obligations during the nine months ended September 30, 2015. 
 Other expenses, net 
 Other expense, net of $0.4 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 consists of the change in fair value of the obligation to issue common stock to Eiccose and the change in fair value of warrant liability. We did not have any such items outstanding during the nine months ended September 30, 2015. 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 Sources of Liquidity 
 On March 22, 2016, we completed the Merger with Celladon, which provided $28.0 million in cash, and issued common stock in a Private Placement, which provided $32.1 million in cash, net of issuance costs. Prior to that time, our operations had been financed primarily by net proceeds from the sale of convertible preferred stock and the issuance of convertible promissory notes. 
 In June 2016, we filed a shelf registration statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-212114) with the Securities and Exchange Commission which permits the offering, issuance and sale by us of up to a maximum aggregate offering price of $125.0 million of our common stock, preferred stock, debt securities and warrants.  Up to a maximum of $25.0 million of the maximum aggregate offering price of $125.0 million may be issued and sold pursuant to an At-The-Market ( ATM ) financing facility under a sales agreement with Cantor Fitzgerald  Co. On August 23, 2016, we completed an underwritten public offering of 1,250,000 shares of common stock at an offering price of $16.00 for gross cash proceeds of $20.0 million under our shelf registration statement. As a result of the sale, our aggregate offering price was reduced to $105.0 million. As of September 30, 2016, we had $56.3 million of cash and cash equivalents and an accumulated deficit of $63.6 million.  
 Our primary uses of cash are to fund operating expenses, including research and development expenditures and general and administrative expenditures. Cash used to fund operating expenses is impacted by the timing of when we pay these expenses, as reflected in the change in outstanding accounts payable and accrued expenses. 
 Future Funding Requirements 
 We have not generated any revenue from product sales. We do not know when, or if, we will generate any revenue from product sales. We do not expect to generate any revenue from product sales unless and until we obtain regulatory approval for and commercialize any of our product candidates. At the same time, we expect our expenses to increase in connection with our ongoing development and manufacturing activities, particularly as we continue the research, development, manufacture and clinical trials of, and seek regulatory approval for, our product candidates. 
 Our primary uses of capital are, and we expect will continue to be, funding research efforts and the development of our product candidates, compensation and related expenses, hiring additional staff, including clinical, scientific, operational, financial, and management personnel, and costs associated with operating as a public company. We expect to incur substantial expenditures in the foreseeable future for the development and potential commercialization of our product candidates. 
 22 
 
    We plan to continue to fund losses from operations and capital funding needs through future equity and/or debt financings, as well as potent  ial additional collaborations or strategic partnerships with other companies. The sale of additional equity or convertible debt could result in additional dilution to our stockholders. The incurrence of indebtedness would result in debt service obligations   and could result in operating and financing covenants that would restrict our operations. We can provide no assurance that financing will be available in the amounts we need or on terms acceptable to us, if at all. If we are not able to secure adequate ad  ditional funding we may be forced to delay, make reductions in spending, extend payment terms with suppliers, liquidate assets where possible, and/or suspend or curtail planned programs. Any of these actions could materially harm our business.  
 Cash Flows 
 The following table summarizes our cash flows for the periods indicated (in thousands): 

Cash flows from operating activities 
 Cash used in operating activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was $26.8 million, primarily consisting of a net loss of $34.3 million, offset by $3.2 million expense related to a non-cash issuance of common stock to Bristol-Meyers Squibb in connection with the BSM License Agreement, $1.8 million of stock-based compensation expense, $0.7 million of non-cash interest expense related to the convertible promissory notes outstanding prior to their conversion into common stock in March 2016 and $0.4 million change in fair value of warrant liability and obligation to issue shares to Eiccose. Additionally, cash used in operating activities reflected changes in net operating assets primarily due to an increase of $1.6 million in accounts payable and accrued expenses and other liabilities primarily associated with increase in business activity. 
 Cash used in operating activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2015 was $5.8 million, primarily consisting of a net loss of $6.3 million, offset by $0.2 million expense related to a non-cash issuance of common stock to  Drs. Tracey McLaughlin and Colleen Craig  in connection with the acquisition of assets related to the compound exendin, $0.1 million of stock-based compensation expense and a $0.1 increase in accrued and other liabilities. 
 Cash flows from investing activities 
 Cash provided by investing activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 primarily resulted from the $28.0 million of proceeds received upon the consummation of the Merger. 
 Cash used in investing activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2015 was used to purchase property and equipment. 
 Cash flows from financing activities 
 Cash provided by financing activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 primarily consisted of $32.1 million of proceeds from the issuance of common stock in the Private Placement on March 22, 2016, net of issuance costs, and net proceeds of $18.2 million from the issuance of common stock in the  underwritten  public offering on August 23, 2016, after deducting underwriting discounts and commissions and expenses payable by us. 
 Cash provided by financing activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2015 consisted of $7.2 million of proceeds from the issuance of convertible preferred stock, net of issuance costs. 
 Contractual Obligations and Other Commitments 
 The following table summarizes our contractual obligations at September 30, 2016 (in thousands): 

23 

At September 30, 2016, operating lease obligations consisted of future rent payments under two Palo Alto facility lease contracts. 
 Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
 During the periods presented, we did not have, nor do we currently have, any off-balance sheet arrangements as defined under the rules of the SEC and do not have any holdings in variable interest entities. 

ITEM 3.   
 
     Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk    

 As of September 30, 2016, we had market risk exposure related to our cash and cash equivalents. We had cash of $56.3 million, which consisted of bank deposits. Such interest-earning instruments carry a degree of interest rate risk; however, historical fluctuations of interest income have not been significant. We have not been exposed nor do we anticipate being exposed to material risks due to changes in interest rates. A hypothetical 10% change in interest rates during any of the periods presented would not have had a material impact on our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 Financial instruments that potentially subject us to concentration of credit risk consist of cash and cash equivalents. We place our cash and cash equivalents with high credit quality financial institutions and pursuant to our investment policy, we limit the amount of credit exposure with any one financial institution. Deposits held with banks may exceed the amount of insurance provided on such deposits. We have not experienced any losses on our deposits of cash and cash equivalents. 
 We also have an ongoing agreement for the manufacturing of one of our product candidates denominated in yen. We do not participate in any foreign currency hedging activities and we do not have any other derivative financial instruments. We did not recognize any significant exchange rate losses during the nine month period ended September 30, 2016. A hypothetical 10% change in the yen-to-dollar exchange rate on September 30, 2016 would not have had a material effect on our results of operations or financial condition. 
 Additionally, inflation generally affects us by increasing our cost of labor and clinical trial costs. We do not believe that inflation has had a material effect on our results of operations during the periods presented. 

IT  EM 4.   
 
     Controls and Procedures    

 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 Our management, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, has evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended), as of the end of the period covered by this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. Based on such evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that as of September 30, 2016, our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective at the reasonable assurance level as a result of the material weakness described below. 
 Material Weakness 
 In connection with the audit of our financial statements for the years ended December 31, 2015 and December 31, 2014, we identified control deficiencies in the design and operation of our internal control over financial reporting that aggregated to a material weakness. A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of our financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. The material weakness identified in our internal control over financial reporting related to a lack of sufficient number of qualified personnel within our accounting function to adequately segregate duties, perform sufficient review and approval of manual journal entries posted to the general ledger, establish defined accounting policies and procedures or perform timely reviews of account reconciliations or accounting estimates. We have taken certain actions to remediate this material weakness, including adding additional accounting personnel for review of account reconciliations and manual journal entries. We intend to implement further segregation of duties and to establish formal written policies for our accounting function by the end of 2016. 
 Changes in Internal Control 
 Other than the aforementioned remediation efforts, there have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during our most recent fiscal quarter that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 24 
 
    Limitations on Effectiveness of Controls and Procedures  
 In designing and evaluating the disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting, management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives. In addition, the design of disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints and that management is required to apply judgment in evaluating the benefits of possible controls and procedures relative to their costs. 

PART II. OTHER INFORMATION 

ITEM 1.   
 
     LEGAL PROCEEDINGS    

 See Note 10 of the Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements contained within this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for a further discussion of our legal proceedings. 

ITEM 1A.   
 
     RISK FACTORS    

 You should carefully consider the following risk factors, as well as the other information in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, and in our other public filings. The occurrence of any of the following risks could harm our business, financial condition, results of operations and/or growth prospects or cause our actual results to differ materially from those contained in forward-looking statements we have made in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and those we may make from time to time. You should consider all of the risk factors described when evaluating our business.   We have marked with an asterisk (*) those risk factors below that reflect significant changes from the risk factors included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015. 
 Risks Related to our Financial Condition, Integration and Capital Requirements 
 We have incurred losses since our inception, have a limited operating history on which to assess our business, and anticipate that we will continue to incur significant losses for the foreseeable future.* 
 We are a clinical development-stage biopharmaceutical company with a limited operating history. We have incurred net losses in each year since our inception. For the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, we reported a net loss of $34.3 million and $6.3 million, respectively. As of September 30, 2016, we had an accumulated deficit of approximately $63.6 million. Our prior losses, combined with expected future losses, have had and may continue to have an adverse effect on our stockholders  equity and working capital. 
 We will continue to require substantial additional capital to continue our clinical development and potential commercialization activities. Accordingly, we will need to raise substantial additional capital to continue to fund our operations. The amount and timing of our future funding requirements will depend on many factors, including the pace and results of our clinical development efforts. Failure to raise capital as and when needed, on favorable terms or at all, would have a negative impact on our financial condition and our ability to develop our product candidates. 
 We have devoted substantially all of our financial resources to identify, acquire, and develop our product candidates, including conducting clinical studies and providing general and administrative support for our operations. To date, we have financed our operations primarily through the sale of equity securities. The amount of our future net losses will depend, in part, on the rate of our future expenditures and our ability to obtain funding through equity or debt financings, strategic collaborations, or grants. Biopharmaceutical product development is a highly speculative undertaking and involves a substantial degree of risk. We expect losses to increase as we advance four clinical candidates into Phase 2 development for potentially four indications. While we have not yet commenced pivotal clinical studies for any product candidate and it may be several years, if ever, before we complete pivotal clinical studies and have a product candidate approved for commercialization, we expect to invest significant funds into these clinical candidates to determine the potential to advance these compounds to regulatory approval. 
 25 
 
    If we obtain regulatory approval to market a product candidate, our future revenue will de  pend upon the size of any markets in which our product candidates may receive approval, and our ability to achieve sufficient market acceptance, pricing, reimbursement from third-party payors, and adequate market share for our product candidates in those m  arkets. Even if we obtain adequate market share for our product candidates, because the potential markets in which our product candidates may ultimately receive regulatory approval could be very small, we may never become profitable despite obtaining such   market share and acceptance of our products.  
 We expect to continue to incur significant expenses and increasing operating losses for the foreseeable future and our expenses will increase substantially if and as we: 

continue the clinical development of our product candidates;     

in-license or acquire additional product candidates;     

undertake the manufacturing or have manufactured our product candidates;     

advance our programs into larger, more expensive clinical studies;     

initiate additional nonclinical, clinical, or other studies for our product candidates;     

identify, educate and develop potential commercial opportunities, such as hepatitis D virus biology for our lonafarnib product candidate;     

seek regulatory and marketing approvals and reimbursement for our product candidates;     

establish a sales, marketing, and distribution infrastructure to commercialize any products for which we may obtain marketing approval and market ourselves;     

seek to identify, assess, acquire, and/or develop other product candidates;     

make milestone, royalty or other payments under third party license agreements;     

seek to maintain, protect, and expand our intellectual property portfolio;     

seek to attract and retain skilled personnel;     

create additional infrastructure to support our operations as a public company and our product development and planned future commercialization efforts; and     

experience any delays or encounter issues with the development and potential for regulatory approval of our clinical candidates such as safety issues, clinical trial accrual delays, longer follow-up for planned studies, additional major studies, or supportive studies necessary to support marketing approval.     

 Further, the net losses we incur may fluctuate significantly from quarter to quarter and year to year, such that a period-to-period comparison of our results of operations may not be a representative indication of our future performance.  
 We have never generated any revenue from product sales and may never be profitable. 
 We have no products approved for commercialization and have never generated any revenue. Our ability to generate revenue and achieve profitability depends on our ability, alone or with strategic collaboration partners, to successfully complete the development of, and obtain the regulatory and marketing approvals necessary to commercialize, one or more of our product candidates. We do not anticipate generating revenue from product sales for the foreseeable future. Our ability to generate future revenue from product sales depends heavily on our success in many areas, including but not limited to: 

completing research and development of our product candidates;     

obtaining regulatory and marketing approvals for our product candidates;     

manufacturing product candidates and establishing and maintaining supply and manufacturing relationships with third parties that meet regulatory requirements and our supply needs in sufficient quantities to meet market demand for our product candidates, if approved;     

marketing, launching and commercializing product candidates for which we obtain regulatory and marketing approval, either directly or with a collaborator or distributor;     

gaining market acceptance of our product candidates as treatment options;     

addressing any competing products;     

protecting and enforcing our intellectual property rights, including patents, trade secrets, and know-how;     

 26 

negotiating favorable terms in any collaboration, licensing, or other arra  ngements into which we may enter;     

obtaining reimbursement or pricing for our product candidates that supports profitability; and     

attracting, hiring, and retaining qualified personnel.     

 Even if one or more of the product candidates that we develop is approved for commercial sale, we anticipate incurring significant costs associated with commercializing any approved product candidate. Our current pipeline of product candidates has been in-licensed from third parties and we will have to develop or acquire manufacturing capabilities in order to continue development and potential commercialization of our product candidates. Additionally, if we are not able to generate revenue from the sale of any approved products, we may never become profitable. 
 Raising additional capital may cause dilution to our stockholders, restrict our operations or require us to relinquish rights. 
 To the extent that we raise additional capital through the sale of equity, debt or other securities convertible into equity, your ownership interest will be diluted, and the terms of these new securities may include liquidation or other preferences that adversely affect your rights as a common stockholder. Debt financing, if available at all, would likely involve agreements that include covenants limiting or restricting our ability to take specific actions, such as incurring additional debt, making capital expenditures, making additional product acquisitions, or declaring dividends.  
 If we raise additional funds through collaborations, strategic alliances or licensing arrangements with third parties, we may have to relinquish valuable rights to our product candidates or future revenue streams or grant licenses on terms that are not favorable to us. We cannot assure you that we will we will be able to obtain additional funding if and when necessary to fund our entire portfolio of product candidates to meet our projected plans. If we are unable to obtain funding on a timely basis, we may be required to delay or discontinue one or more of our development programs or the commercialization of any product candidates or be unable to expand our operations or otherwise capitalize on potential business opportunities, which could materially affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 We recently completed the Merger with Celladon and the failure to successfully integrate could adversely affect our future results.* 
 Our success will depend, in significant part, on our ability to integrate successfully and to manage successfully the challenges presented by the integration process in the Merger with Celladon that was completed in March 2016. Potential difficulties that may be encountered in the integration process include the following: 

using our cash and assets efficiently to develop our business;     

appropriately managing our liabilities;     

potential unknown or currently unquantifiable liabilities associated with the Merger and our operations;     

difficulties in operating with a new management team as a public company; and     

performance shortfalls as a result of the diversion of the management s attention caused by integrating the Company s operation as a public company following the merger with Celladon.     

 Risks Related to the Development of our Product Candidates 
 We are heavily dependent on the success of our product candidates, which are in the early stages of clinical development. Certain of our product candidates have produced results in academic settings to date or for other indications than those that we contemplate and we cannot give any assurance that we will generate data for any of our product candidates sufficient to receive regulatory approval in our planned indications, which will be required before they can be commercialized.* 
 To date, we have invested substantially all of our efforts and financial resources to identify, acquire, and develop our portfolio of product candidates. Our future success is dependent on our ability to successfully further develop, obtain regulatory approval for, and commercialize one or more of these product candidates. We currently generate no revenue from sales of any drugs, and we may never be able to develop or commercialize a product candidate. 
 27 
 
    We currently have four product candidates in Phase 1/2 or Phase 2 clinical studies. One of our product candidates, exendin   (9-39), has only generated data in an academic setting and we may not be able to replicate or develop additional data to satisfy regulatory requirements for approval. For ubenimex, data to date has been developed for use in indications other than those th  at we have rights to or in which we plan to develop the product candidate. For pegylated interferon lambda, we are in the process of completing the technology transfer from Bristol-Myers Squibb Company, or BMS, in order to initiate development of this prod  uct candidate. There can be no assurance that the data that we develop for our product candidates in our planned indications will be sufficient to obtain regulatory approval.  
 In addition, none of our product candidates have advanced into a pivotal study for our proposed indications and it may be years before such study is initiated and completed, if at all. We are not permitted to market or promote any of our product candidates before we receive regulatory approval from the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities, and we may never receive such regulatory approval for any of our product candidates. We cannot be certain that any of our product candidates will be successful in clinical studies or receive regulatory approval. Further, our product candidates may not receive regulatory approval even if they are successful in clinical studies. If we do not receive regulatory approvals for our product candidates, we may not be able to continue our operations. 
 Our business strategy is based upon obtaining orphan drug designation for our product candidates, which is an uncertain process. The regulatory approval processes of the FDA and comparable foreign authorities are lengthy, time consuming, and inherently unpredictable. If we are unable to obtain orphan drug designation or regulatory approval for our product candidates, our business will be substantially harmed. 
 Our approach to identifying and developing product candidates depends, in large part, on our ability to obtain orphan drug designation from regulatory authorities in major markets. Without the protection of this regulatory exclusivity, many of our product candidates would otherwise not justify investment as they are not protected by patents or they are otherwise marketed or generic products. While we assess the potential for obtaining orphan drug designation at the time that we contemplate the acquisition of product candidates and we intend to timely file for such designation, there can be no assurance that we will obtain orphan drug designation or be able to successfully meet the regulatory requirements to maintain that designation with the planned clinical trials for our product candidates. Failure to obtain orphan drug designation would make our product candidates significantly less competitive and potentially not viable investments for further development. 
 The time required to obtain approval by the FDA and comparable foreign authorities is unpredictable, typically takes many years following the commencement of clinical studies, and depends upon numerous factors. In addition, approval policies, regulations, or the type and amount of clinical data necessary to gain approval may change during the course of a product candidate s clinical development and may vary among jurisdictions, which may cause delays in the approval or the decision not to approve an application. We have not obtained regulatory approval for any product candidate, and it is possible that none of our existing product candidates or any product candidates we may seek to develop in the future will ever obtain regulatory approval. 
 Applications for our product candidates could fail to receive regulatory approval for many reasons, including but not limited to the following: 

the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities may disagree with the design, size or implementation of our clinical studies;     

the population studied in the clinical program may not be sufficiently broad or representative to assure safety in the full population for which we seek approval;     

the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities may disagree with our interpretation of data from our development efforts;     

the data collected from clinical studies of our product candidates may not be sufficient to support the submission of a new drug application, or NDA, or other submission or to obtain regulatory approval in the United States or foreign jurisdictions;     

the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities may find failures in our manufacturing processes, validation procedures and specifications, or facilities of our third-party manufacturers with which we contract for clinical and commercial supplies that may delay or limit our ability to obtain regulatory approval for our product candidates; and     

the approval policies or regulations of the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities may significantly change in a manner rendering our NDA or other submission insufficient for approval.     

 28 
 
    The lengthy and uncertain regulatory approval process, as well as the unpredictability of the results of clinical studies, may resu  lt in our failing to obtain regulatory approval to market any of our product candidates, which would significantly harm our business, results of operations, and prospects. In addition, although we have obtained orphan drug designation for two of our produc  t candidates in our planned indications to date, there can be no assurance that the FDA will grant our similar status for our other proposed development indications or other product candidates in the future.  
 Drug development involves a lengthy and expensive process with an uncertain outcome, and results of earlier studies may not be predictive of future study results. 
 Clinical testing is expensive and generally takes many years to complete, and the outcome is inherently uncertain. Failure can occur at any time during the clinical study process. The results of preclinical studies and early clinical studies of our product candidates may not be predictive of the results of larger, later-stage controlled clinical studies. Product candidates that have shown promising results in early-stage clinical studies may still suffer significant setbacks in subsequent clinical studies. Our clinical studies to date have been conducted on a small number of patients in limited numbers of clinical sites and in academic settings or for other indications. We will have to conduct larger, well-controlled studies in our proposed indications to verify the results obtained to date and to support any regulatory submissions for further clinical development. A number of companies in the biopharmaceutical industry have suffered significant setbacks in advanced clinical studies due to lack of efficacy or adverse safety profiles despite promising results in earlier, smaller clinical studies. Moreover, clinical data are often susceptible to varying interpretations and analyses. We do not know whether any Phase 2, Phase 3, or other clinical studies we may conduct will demonstrate consistent or adequate efficacy and safety with respect to the proposed indication for use sufficient to obtain regulatory approval to receive regulatory approval or market our drug candidates. 
 We may find it difficult to enroll patients in our clinical studies given the limited number of patients who have the diseases for which our product candidates are being studied. Difficulty in enrolling patients could delay or prevent clinical studies of our product candidates. 
 Identifying and qualifying patients to participate in clinical studies of our product candidates is essential to our success. The timing of our clinical studies depends in part on the rate at which we can recruit patients to participate in clinical trials of our product candidates, and we may experience delays in our clinical studies if we encounter difficulties in enrollment. 
 The eligibility criteria of our planned clinical studies may further limit the available eligible study participants as we expect to require that patients have specific characteristics that we can measure or meet the criteria to assure their conditions are appropriate for inclusion in our clinical studies. We may not be able to identify, recruit, and enroll a sufficient number of patients to complete our clinical studies in a timely manner because of the perceived risks and benefits of the product candidate under study, the availability and efficacy of competing therapies and clinical studies, and the willingness of physicians to participate in our planned clinical studies. If patients are unwilling to participate in our clinical studies for any reason, the timeline for conducting studies and obtaining regulatory approval of our product candidates may be delayed. 
 If we experience delays in the completion of, or termination of, any clinical study of our product candidates, the commercial prospects of our product candidates could be harmed, and our ability to generate product revenue from any of these product candidates could be delayed or prevented. In addition, any delays in completing our clinical studies would likely increase our overall costs, impair product candidate development and jeopardize our ability to obtain regulatory approval relative to our current plans. Any of these occurrences may harm our business, financial condition, and prospects significantly. 
 Clinical studies are costly, time consuming and inherently risky, and we may fail to demonstrate safety and efficacy to the satisfaction of applicable regulatory authorities. 
 Clinical development is expensive, time consuming and involves significant risk. We cannot guarantee that any clinical studies will be conducted as planned or completed on schedule, if at all. A failure of one or more clinical studies can occur at any stage of development. Events that may prevent successful or timely completion of clinical development include but are not limited to: 

inability to generate satisfactory preclinical, toxicology, or other in vivo or in vitro data or diagnostics to support the initiation or continuation of clinical studies necessary for product approval;     

delays in reaching agreement on acceptable terms with CROs and clinical study sites, the terms of which can be subject to extensive negotiation and may vary significantly among different CROs and clinical study sites;     

delays in obtaining required Institutional Review Board, or IRB, approval at each clinical study site;     

failure to permit the conduct of a study by regulatory authorities, after review of an investigational new drug, or IND, or equivalent foreign application or amendment;     

 29 

delays in recruiting qualified patients in our clinical studies;     

failure by clinical sites or our CROs or other third parties to adhere to clinical study requirements;     

failure to perform the clinical studies in accordance with the FDA s good clinical practices requirements, or applicable foreign regulatory guidelines;     

patients dropping out of our clinical studies;     

occurrence of adverse events associated with our product candidates;     

changes in regulatory requirements and guidance that require amending or submitting new clinical protocols;     

the cost of clinical studies of our product candidates;     

negative or inconclusive results from our clinical trials which may result in our deciding, or regulators requiring us, to conduct additional clinical studies or abandon development programs in other ongoing or planned indications for a product candidate; and     

delays in in reaching agreement on acceptable terms with third party manufacturers and the time for manufacture of sufficient quantities of our product candidates for use in clinical studies.     

 Any inability to successfully complete clinical development and obtain regulatory approval could result in additional costs to us or impair our ability to generate revenue. In addition, if we make manufacturing or formulation changes to our product candidates, such as our plan to manufacture a new subcutaneous formulation of exendin (9-39), we may need to conduct additional studies or the results obtained from such new formulation may not be consistent with previous results obtained. Clinical study delays could also shorten any periods during which our products have patent protection and may allow competitors to develop and bring products to market before we do, which could impair our ability to obtain orphan drug designation exclusivity and to successfully commercialize our product candidates and may harm our business and results of operations. 
 Our product candidates may cause undesirable side effects or have other properties that could delay or prevent their regulatory approval, limit the commercial profile of an approved label, or result in significant negative consequences following marketing approval, if any. 
 Undesirable side effects caused by our product candidates could cause us or regulatory authorities to interrupt, delay, or terminate clinical studies or even if approved, result in a restrictive label or delay regulatory approval by the FDA or comparable foreign authorities. 
 In addition, while our lonafarnib product candidate has been studied in thousands of oncology patients and the most common non-hematologic adverse events of any grade were gastrointestinal system disorders (nausea, anorexia, diarrhea and vomiting), fatigue and rash, treatment discontinuation across the lonafarnib clinical studies conducted in oncology has been in the range of approximately 19-52% and we may experience comparable or higher rates of discontinuation in testing in our anti-viral, hepatitis D virus studies. There is no guarantee that additional or more severe side effects will not be identified through ongoing clinical studies by other licensees of lonafarnib for other indications or our own clinical trials. Merck, our licensor, granted rights to develop lonafarnib in progeria, a rare, fatal rapid aging disease, to The Progeria Research Foundation, which studies may result in side effects in indications other than our use of lonafarnib for hepatitis D. Additionally, while we have a license to another farnesyltranferase inhibitor compound, tipifarnib, from Janssen Pharmaceutica, N.V., or Janssen, Janssen has granted rights to tipifarnib to Kura Oncology, Inc., or Kura, in oncology and negative results or undesirable side effects from Kura s clinical trials for a compound with a similar mechanism of action may negatively impact the perception of lonafarnib for anti-viral indications. Merck may also grant rights to other anti-viral or potentially other indications to other third parties. Undesirable side effects and negative results for other indications may negatively impact the development and potential for approval of our product candidates for our proposed indications. 
 Additionally, even if one or more of our product candidates receives marketing approval, and we or others later identify undesirable side effects caused by such products, potentially significant negative consequences could result, including but not limited to: 

regulatory authorities may withdraw approvals of such products;     

regulatory authorities may require additional warnings on the label;     

we may be required to create a Risk Evaluation and Mitigation Strategy, or REMS, plan, which could include a medication guide outlining the risks of such side effects for distribution to patients, a communication plan for healthcare providers, and/or other elements to assure safe use;     

 30 

we could be sued and held liable for harm caused to patients; and     

our reputation may suffer.     

 Any of these events could prevent us from achieving or maintaining market acceptance of a product candidate, even if approved, and could significantly harm our business, results of operations, and prospects. 
 Even if we obtain regulatory approval for a product candidate, we will remain subject to ongoing regulatory requirements. 
 If our product candidates are approved, they will be subject to ongoing regulatory requirements with respect to manufacturing, labeling, packaging, storage, advertising, promotion, sampling, record-keeping, conduct of post-marketing studies, and submission of safety, efficacy and other post-approval information, including both federal and state requirements in the United States and requirements of comparable foreign regulatory authorities. 
 Manufacturers and manufacturers  facilities are required to continuously comply with FDA and comparable foreign regulatory authority requirements, including ensuring that quality control and manufacturing procedures conform to current Good Manufacturing Practices, or cGMP, regulations and corresponding foreign regulatory manufacturing requirements. As such, we and our contract manufacturers will be subject to continual review and inspections to assess compliance with cGMP and adherence to commitments made in any NDA or marketing authorization application, or MAA. 
 Any regulatory approvals that we receive for our product candidates may be subject to limitations on the approved indicated uses for which the product candidate may be marketed or to the conditions of approval, or contain requirements for potentially costly post-marketing testing, including Phase IV clinical trials, and surveillance to monitor the safety and efficacy of the product candidate. We will be required to report certain adverse reactions and production problems, if any, to the FDA and comparable foreign regulatory authorities. 
 Any new legislation addressing drug safety issues could result in delays in product development or commercialization, or increased costs to assure compliance. If our original marketing approval for a product candidate was obtained through an accelerated approval pathway, we could be required to conduct a successful post-marketing clinical study in order to confirm the clinical benefit for our products. An unsuccessful post-marketing study or failure to complete such a study could result in the withdrawal of marketing approval. 
 If a regulatory agency discovers previously unknown problems with a product, such as adverse events of unanticipated severity or frequency, or problems with the facility where the product is manufactured, or disagrees with the promotion, marketing, or labeling of a product, the regulatory agency may impose restrictions on that product or us, including requiring withdrawal of the product from the market. If we fail to comply with applicable regulatory requirements, a regulatory agency or enforcement authority may, among other things: 

issue warning letters;     

impose civil or criminal penalties;     

suspend or withdraw regulatory approval;     

suspend any of our ongoing clinical studies;     

refuse to approve pending applications or supplements to approved applications submitted by us;     

impose restrictions on our operations, including closing our contract manufacturers  facilities; or     

require a product recall.     

 Any government investigation of alleged violations of law would be expected to require us to expend significant time and resources in response and could generate adverse publicity. Any failure to comply with ongoing regulatory requirements may significantly and adversely affect our ability to develop and commercialize our products and the value of us and our operating results would be adversely affected. 
 31 
 
    We rely on third parties to conduct our clinical studies, manufacture our product candidates and perform other services  . If these third parties do not successfully perform and comply with regulatory requirements, we may not be able to successfully complete clinical development, obtain regulatory approval or commercialize our product candidates and our business could be sub  stantially harmed.*  
 We have relied upon and plan to continue to rely upon third-party CROs to conduct, monitor and manage our ongoing clinical programs. We rely on these parties for execution of clinical studies and manage and control only certain aspects of their activities. We remain responsible for ensuring that each of our studies is conducted in accordance with the applicable protocol, legal, regulatory, and scientific standards, and our reliance on the CROs does not relieve us of our regulatory responsibilities. We and our CROs and other vendors are required to comply all applicable laws, regulations and guidelines, including those required by the FDA and comparable foreign regulatory authorities for all of our product candidates in clinical development. If we or any of our CROs or vendors fail to comply with applicable laws, regulations and guidelines, the results generated in our clinical studies may be deemed unreliable and the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities may require us to perform additional studies before approving our marketing applications. We cannot assure you that our CROs and other vendors will meet these requirements, or that upon inspection by any regulatory authority, such regulatory authority will determine that efforts, including any of our clinical studies, comply with applicable requirements. Our failure to comply with these laws, regulations and guidelines may require us to repeat clinical studies, which would be costly and delay the regulatory approval process. 
 If any of our relationships with these third-party CROs terminate, we may not be able to enter into arrangements with alternative CROs in a timely manner or do so on commercially reasonable terms. In addition, our CROs may not prioritize our clinical studies relative to those of other customers and any turnover in personnel or delays in the allocation of CRO employees by the CRO may negatively affect our clinical studies. If CROs do not successfully carry out their contractual duties or obligations or meet expected deadlines, our clinical studies may be delayed or terminated and we may not be able to meet our current plans with respect to our product candidates. CROs may also involve higher costs than anticipated, which could negatively affect our financial condition and operations. 
 In addition, we do not currently have, nor do we plan to establish the capability to manufacture product candidates for use in the conduct of our clinical studies, and we lack the resources and the capability to manufacture any of our product candidates on a clinical or commercial scale without the use of third party manufacturers. We plan to rely on third party manufacturers and their responsibilities will include purchasing from third-party suppliers the materials necessary to produce our product candidates for our clinical studies and regulatory approval. There are expected to be a limited number of suppliers for the active ingredients and other materials that we expect to use to manufacture our product candidates, and we may not be able to identify alternative suppliers to prevent a possible disruption of the manufacture of our product candidates for our clinical studies, and, if approved, ultimately for commercial sale. Although we generally do not expect to begin a clinical study unless we believe we have a sufficient supply of a product candidate to complete the study, any significant delay or discontinuity in the supply of a product candidate, or the active ingredient or other material components in the manufacture of the product candidate, could delay completion of our clinical studies and potential timing for regulatory approval of our product candidates, which would harm our business and results of operations. 
 With respect to our lonafarnib program, we procured an inventory of product from Merck to supply our initial clinical study needs.  In 2016, we have transferred the manufacturing of drug substance and drug product to our third party contractors.  These vendors have successfully made GMP batches for our future clinical studies. With respect to our lambda program, as part of the license agreement, we obtained a substantial inventory of product from BMS sufficient to initiate our clinical trials.  We are in the process of transferring the manufacturing technology to our third party vendors and anticipate GMP manufacturing at those facilities  to begin in 2017. With respect to our ubenimex program we rely on Nippon Kayaku to provide us with product to conduct our trials.  We are in the process of transferring the manufacturing of ubenimex to our third party vendors and expect to have a new dosage form for ubenimex by the end of 2016.  
 We rely and expect to continue to rely on third parties to manufacture our clinical product supplies, and if those third parties fail to obtain approval of government regulators, fail to provide us with sufficient quantities of drug product, or fail to do so at acceptable quality levels or prices our product candidates could be stopped, delayed, or made less profitable. 
 We do not currently have nor do we plan to acquire the infrastructure or capability internally to manufacture our clinical supplies for use in the conduct of our clinical trials, and we lack the resources and the capability to manufacture any of our product candidates on a clinical or commercial scale. We currently rely on outside vendors to source raw materials and manufacture our clinical supplies of our product candidates and plan to continue relying on third parties to manufacture our product candidates on a commercial scale, if approved. 
   The facilities used by our contract manufacturers to manufacture our product candidates must be approved by the FDA pursuant to inspections that will be conducted after we submit our marketing applications to the FDA. We do not control the manufacturing process of, and are completely dependent on, our contract manufacturing partners for compliance with the regulatory requirements,  
 32 
 
  known as cGMPs, for manufacture of our product candidates. If our contract manufacturers cannot successfully manufacture material that conforms to our specifica  tions and the strict regulatory requirements of the FDA or others, they will not be able to secure and/or maintain regulatory approval for their manufacturing facilities. In addition, we have no control over the ability of our contract manufacturers to mai  ntain adequate quality control, quality assurance and qualified personnel. If the FDA or a comparable foreign regulatory authority does not approve these facilities for the manufacture of our product candidates or if it withdraws any such approval in the f  uture, we may need to find alternative manufacturing facilities, which would significantly impact our ability to develop, obtain regulatory approval for or market our product candidates, if approved.  
 We do not yet have sufficient information to reliably estimate the cost of the commercial manufacturing of our product candidates, and the actual cost to manufacture our product candidates could materially and adversely affect the commercial viability of our product candidates. As a result, we may never be able to develop a commercially viable product. 
 In addition, our reliance on third-party manufacturers exposes us to the following additional risks: 

We may be unable to identify manufacturers on acceptable terms or at all.     

Our third-party manufacturers might be unable to timely formulate and manufacture our product or produce the quantity and quality required to meet our clinical and commercial needs, if any.     

Contract manufacturers may not be able to execute our manufacturing procedures appropriately.     

Our future contract manufacturers may not perform as agreed or may not remain in the contract manufacturing business for the time required to supply our clinical trials or to successfully produce, store and distribute our products.     

Manufacturers are subject to ongoing periodic unannounced inspection by the FDA and corresponding state agencies to ensure strict compliance with cGMP and other government regulations and corresponding foreign standards. We do not have control over third-party manufacturers  compliance with these regulations and standards.     

We may not own, or may have to share, the intellectual property rights to any improvements made by our third-party manufacturers in the manufacturing process for our product candidates.     

Our third-party manufacturers could breach or terminate their agreement with us.     

 Each of these risks could delay our clinical trials, the approval, if any of our product candidates by the FDA or the commercialization of our product candidates or result in higher costs or deprive us of potential product revenue. In addition, we rely on third parties to perform release testing on our product candidates prior to delivery to patients. If these tests are not appropriately conducted and test data are not reliable, patients could be put at risk of serious harm and could result in product liability suits. 
 The manufacture of medical products is complex and requires significant expertise and capital investment, including the development of advanced manufacturing techniques and process controls. Manufacturers of biologic products often encounter difficulties in production, particularly in scaling up and validating initial production and absence of contamination. These problems include difficulties with production costs and yields, quality control, including stability of the product, quality assurance testing, operator error, shortages of qualified personnel, as well as compliance with strictly enforced federal, state and foreign regulations. Furthermore, if contaminants are discovered in our supply of our product candidates or in the manufacturing facilities, such manufacturing facilities may need to be closed for an extended period of time to investigate and remedy the contamination. We cannot assure you that any stability or other issues relating to the manufacture of our product candidates will not occur in the future. Additionally, our manufacturers may experience manufacturing difficulties due to resource constraints or as a result of labor disputes or unstable political environments. If our manufacturers were to encounter any of these difficulties, or otherwise fail to comply with their contractual obligations, our ability to provide our product candidates to patients in clinical trials would be jeopardized. Any delay or interruption in the supply of clinical trial supplies could delay the completion of clinical trials, increase the costs associated with maintaining clinical trial programs and, depending upon the period of delay, require us to commence new clinical trials at additional expense or terminate clinical trials completely. 
 If the market opportunities for our product candidates are smaller than we believe they are, we may not meet our revenue expectations and, even assuming approval of a product candidate, our business may suffer. Because the patient populations in the market for our product candidates may be small, we must be able to successfully identify patients and acquire a significant market share to achieve profitability and growth.* 
   We focus our product development principally on treatments for orphan diseases. Given the small number of patients who have the diseases that we are targeting, our eligible patient population and pricing estimates may differ significantly from the actual market addressable by our product candidate. Our projections of both the number of people who have these diseases, as well as the subset of people with these diseases who have the potential to benefit from treatment with our product candidates, are based on our beliefs and estimates. These estimates have been derived from a variety of sources, including the scientific literature, patient foundations, or  
 33 
 
  market research, and may prove to be incorrect. Further, new studies may change the estimated incidence or prevalence of these diseases. The number of patients m  ay turn out to be lower than expected. For example, for lonafarnib and lambda, HDV is associated with hepatitis B virus infection, which is a pre-requisite for the replication of HDV. Although we believe that the data are supportive of the increased severi  ty of hepatitis in the presence of hepatitis D and hepatitis B virus co-infection compared to hepatitis B alone, there can be no assurance that our clinical trials will successfully address this condition. Likewise, the potentially addressable patient popu  lation for each of our product candidates may be limited or may not be amenable to treatment with our product candidates, and new patients may become increasingly difficult to identify or gain access to, which would adversely affect our results of operatio  ns and our business.  
 We face intense competition and rapid technological change and the possibility that our competitors may develop therapies that are similar, more advanced, or more effective than ours, which may adversely affect our financial condition and our ability to successfully commercialize our product candidates.* 
 The biotechnology and pharmaceutical industries are intensely competitive and subject to rapid and significant technological change. We are currently aware of various existing therapies that may compete with our product candidates. For example, we have competitors both in the United States and internationally, including multinational pharmaceutical companies, specialty pharmaceutical companies and biotechnology companies. Some of the pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies we expect to compete with include Gilead, Merck, Roche, Replicor, Novartis, Xoma, Reata and Arena as well as other smaller companies or biotechnology startups and large multinational pharmaceutical companies. Many of our competitors have substantially greater financial, technical, and other resources, such as larger research and development staff and experienced marketing and manufacturing organizations. Additional mergers and acquisitions in the biotechnology and pharmaceutical industries may result in even more resources being concentrated in our competitors. As a result, these companies may obtain regulatory approval more rapidly than we are able to and may be more effective in selling and marketing their products as well. Smaller or early-stage companies may also prove to be significant competitors, particularly through collaborative arrangements with large, established companies. Competition may increase further as a result of advances in the commercial applicability of technologies and greater availability of capital for investment in these industries. Our competitors may succeed in developing, acquiring, or licensing on an exclusive basis, products that are more effective or less costly than any product candidate that we may develop, or achieve earlier patent protection, regulatory approval, product commercialization, and market penetration than we do. Additionally, technologies developed by our competitors may render our potential product candidates uneconomical or obsolete, and we may not be successful in marketing our product candidates against competitors. 
 We currently have limited marketing and sales experience. If we are unable to establish sales and marketing capabilities or enter into agreements with third parties to market and sell our product candidates, we may be unable to generate any revenue. 
 Although certain of our employees may have marketed, launched and sold other pharmaceutical products in the past while employed at other companies, we have no recent experience selling and marketing our product candidates and we currently have no marketing or sales organization. To successfully commercialize any products that may result from our development programs, we will need to invest in and develop these capabilities, either on our own or with others, which would be expensive, difficult and time consuming. Any failure or delay in the timely development of our internal commercialization capabilities could adversely impact the potential for success of our products. 
 Further, given our lack of prior experience in marketing and selling biopharmaceutical products, we may rely on future collaborators to commercialize our products. If collaborators do not commit sufficient resources to commercialize our future products and we are unable to develop the necessary marketing and sales capabilities on our own, we will be unable to generate sufficient product revenue to sustain or grow our business. We may be competing with companies that currently have extensive and well-funded marketing and sales operations, in particular in the markets our product candidates are intended to address. Without appropriate capabilities, whether directly or through third party collaborators, we may be unable to compete successfully against these more established companies. 
 The commercial success of any of our current or future product candidate will depend upon the degree of market acceptance by physicians, patients, third-party payors, and others in the medical community. 
 Even with the approvals from the FDA and comparable foreign regulatory authorities, the commercial success of our products will depend in part on the health care providers, patients, and third-party payors accepting our product candidates as medically useful, cost-effective, and safe. Any product that we bring to the market may not gain market acceptance by physicians, patients, third-party payors and other health care providers. The degree of market acceptance of any of our products will depend on a number of factors, including without limitation: 

the efficacy of the product as demonstrated in clinical studies and potential advantages over competing treatments;     

the prevalence and severity of the disease and any side effects;     

 34 

the clinical indications for which approval is granted,   including any limitations or warnings contained in a product s approved labeling;     

the convenience and ease of administration;     

the cost of treatment;     

the willingness of the patients and physicians to accept these therapies;     

the marketing, sales and distribution support for the product;     

the publicity concerning our products or competing products and treatments; and     

the pricing and availability of third-party insurance coverage and reimbursement.     

 Even if a product displays a favorable efficacy and safety profile upon approval, market acceptance of the product remains uncertain. Efforts to educate the medical community and third-party payors on the benefits of the products may require significant investment and resources and may never be successful. If our products fail to achieve an adequate level of acceptance by physicians, patients, third-party payors, and other health care providers, we will not be able to generate sufficient revenue to become or remain profitable. 
 Failure to obtain or maintain adequate reimbursement or insurance coverage for new or current products could limit our ability to market those products and decrease our ability to generate revenue. 
 The pricing, coverage and reimbursement of our products must be sufficient to support our commercial efforts and other development programs and the availability and adequacy of coverage and reimbursement by governmental and private payors are essential for most patients to be able to afford expensive treatments, particularly in orphan drug designated indications where the eligible patient population is small. Sales of our product candidates will depend substantially, both domestically and abroad, on the extent to which the costs of our product candidates will be paid for or reimbursed by health maintenance, managed care, pharmacy benefit and similar healthcare management organizations, or government authorities, private health insurers, and other third-party payors. If coverage and reimbursement are not available, or are available only in limited amounts, we may have to subsidize or provide products for free or we may not be able to successfully commercialize our products.  
 In addition, there is significant uncertainty related to the insurance coverage and reimbursement for newly approved products. In the United States, the principal decisions about coverage and reimbursement for new drugs are typically made by the Centers for Medicare   Medicaid Services, or CMS, an agency within the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services, as CMS decides whether and to what extent a new drug will be covered and reimbursed under Medicare. Private payors tend to follow the coverage reimbursement policies established by CMS to a substantial degree. It is difficult to predict what CMS will decide with respect to reimbursement for products such as ours and what reimbursement codes our products may receive. 
 Outside the United States, international operations are generally subject to extensive governmental price controls and other price-restrictive regulations, and we believe the increasing emphasis on cost-containment initiatives in Europe, Canada, and other countries has and will continue to put pressure on the pricing and usage of products. In many countries, the prices of products are subject to varying price control mechanisms as part of national health systems. Price controls or other changes in pricing regulation could restrict the amount that we are able to charge for our products. Accordingly, in markets outside the United States, the potential revenue may be insufficient to generate commercially reasonable revenue and profits. 
 Moreover, increasing efforts by governmental and third-party payors in the United States and abroad to limit or reduce healthcare costs may result in restrictions on coverage and the level of reimbursement for new products and, as a result, they may not cover or provide adequate payment for our products. We expect to experience pricing pressures in connection with products due to the increasing trend toward managed healthcare, including the increasing influence of health maintenance organizations and additional legislative changes. The downward pressure on healthcare costs in general, particularly prescription drugs has and is expected to continue to increase in the future. As a result, profitability of our products may be more difficult to achieve even if they receive regulatory approval. 
 We intend to rely on a combination of exclusivity from orphan drug designation as well as patent rights for our product candidates and any future product candidates. If we are unable to obtain or maintain exclusivity from the combination of these approaches, we may not be able to compete effectively in our markets. 
   Our business strategy is to focus on product candidates for which orphan drug designation may be obtained in the major markets of the world. In addition, we rely or will rely upon a combination of patents, trade secret protection, and confidentiality agreements to protect the intellectual property related to our technologies and product candidates. For example, the portfolio of patents licensed from Merck expires before the anticipated launch date of the lonafarnib product candidate. Our success depends in large part on our and our  
 35 
 
  licensors  ability to obtain regulatory exclusivity and maintain patent   and other intellectual property protection in the United States and in other countries with respect to our proprietary technology and products.  
 Under the Orphan Drug Act, the FDA may designate a product as an orphan drug if it is intended to treat a rare disease or condition, defined as a patient population of fewer than 200,000 in the United States, or a patient population greater than 200,000 in the United States where there is no reasonable expectation that the cost of developing the drug will be recovered from sales in the United States. In the European Union, the EMA s Committee for Orphan Medicinal Products, or COMP, grants orphan drug designation to promote the development of products that are intended for the diagnosis, prevention, or treatment of a life-threatening or chronically debilitating condition affecting not more than five in 10,000 persons in the European Union. Additionally, designation is granted for products intended for the diagnosis, prevention, or treatment of a life-threatening, seriously debilitating or serious and chronic condition when, without incentives, it is unlikely that sales of the drug in the European Union would be sufficient to justify the necessary investment in developing the drug or biological product or where there is no satisfactory method of diagnosis, prevention, or treatment, or, if such a method exists, the medicine must be of significant benefit to those affected by the condition. 
 In the United States, orphan drug designation entitles a party to financial incentives such as opportunities for grant funding towards clinical trial costs, tax advantages, and user-fee waivers. In addition, if a product receives the first FDA approval for the indication for which it has orphan drug designation, the product is entitled to orphan drug exclusivity, which means the FDA may not approve any other application to market the same drug for the same indication for a period of seven years, except in limited circumstances, such as a showing of clinical superiority over the product with orphan exclusivity or where the manufacturer is unable to assure sufficient product quantity. In the European Union, orphan drug designation entitles a party to financial incentives such as reduction of fees or fee waivers and ten years of market exclusivity following drug or biological product approval. This period may be reduced to six years if the orphan drug designation criteria are no longer met, including where it is shown that the product is sufficiently profitable not to justify maintenance of market exclusivity. 
 Because the extent and scope of patent protection for our products may in some cases be limited, orphan drug designation is especially important for our products for which orphan drug designation may be available. For eligible drugs, we plan to rely on the exclusivity period under the Orphan Drug Act to maintain a competitive position. If we do not obtain orphan drug exclusivity for our drug products and biologic products that do not have broad patent protection, our competitors may then sell the same drug to treat the same condition sooner than if we had obtained orphan drug exclusivity and our revenue will be reduced. 
 Even though we have orphan drug designation for lonafarnib in the United States and Europe, we may not be the first to obtain marketing approval for any particular orphan indication due to the uncertainties associated with developing pharmaceutical products. Further, even if we obtain orphan drug exclusivity for a product, that exclusivity may not effectively protect the product from competition because different drugs with different active moieties can be approved for the same condition. Even after an orphan drug is approved, the FDA or EMA can subsequently approve the same drug with the same active moiety for the same condition if the FDA or EMA concludes that the later drug is safer, more effective, or makes a major contribution to patient care. Orphan drug designation neither shortens the development time or regulatory review time of a product candidate nor gives the product candidate any advantage in the regulatory review or approval process. 
 We have sought to protect our proprietary position by filing patent applications in the United States and abroad related to our product candidates that are important to our business. This process is expensive and time consuming, and we may not be able to file and prosecute all necessary or desirable patent applications at a reasonable cost or in a timely manner. It is also possible that we will fail to identify patentable aspects of our research and development output before it is too late to obtain patent protection. 
 The patent position of biotechnology and pharmaceutical companies generally is highly uncertain and involves complex legal and factual questions for which legal principles remain unsolved. The patent applications that we own or in-licenses may fail to result in issued patents with claims that cover our product candidates in the United States or in other foreign countries. There is no assurance that all potentially relevant prior art relating to our patents and patent applications has been found, which can invalidate a patent or prevent a patent from issuing from a pending patent application. Even if patents do successfully issue, and even if such patents cover our product candidates, third parties may challenge their validity, enforceability, or scope, which may result in such patents being narrowed, found unenforceable or invalidated. Furthermore, even if they are unchallenged, our patents and patent applications may not adequately protect our intellectual property, provide exclusivity for our product candidates, or prevent others from designing around our claims. Any of these outcomes could impair our ability to prevent competition from third parties, which may have an adverse impact on our business. 
   We, independently or together with our licensors, have filed several patent applications covering various aspects of our product candidates. We cannot offer any assurances about which, if any, patents will issue, the breadth of any such patent or whether any issued patents will be found invalid and unenforceable or will be threatened by third parties. Any successful opposition to these patents or any other patents owned by or licensed to us after patent issuance could deprive us of rights necessary for the successful  
 36 
 
  commercialization of any product candidates that we may develop. Further, if we encounter delays in regulatory approvals, the period of time during which we could market a product candidate under patent protection could   be reduced.  
 Although we have licensed a number of patents covering methods of use and certain compositions of matter, we do not have complete patent protection for our product candidates. For example, the patent coverage for lonafarnib expires before the anticipated launch date. Likewise, most of the patents covering products that we have licensed in from Stanford have limited protection outside of the United States. Therefore, a competitor could develop the same or similar product that may compete with our product candidate. 
 Certain of our product licenses are limited to specified indications or therapeutic areas which may result in the same compound being developed and commercialized by a third party whom we have no control over or rights against. This may result in safety data, pricing or off label uses from that third party s product that may negatively affect the development and commercialization of our product candidates. For example, Kura has an exclusive license to tipifarnib for use in cancer indications while we have a license for anti-viral indications. As a result of Kura s right to use the same compound in a different indication, it is possible that development and sales may impact our product development and commercialization efforts. If we cannot obtain and maintain effective protection of exclusivity from our regulatory efforts and intellectual property rights, including patent protection, for our product candidates, we may not be able to compete effectively and our business and results of operations would be harmed. 
 We may not have sufficient patent term protections for our products to effectively protect our business. 
 Patents have a limited term. In the United States, the statutory expiration of a patent is generally 20 years after it is filed. Although various extensions may be available, the life of a patent, and the protection it affords, is limited. Even if patents covering our product candidates are obtained, once the patent life has expired for a product, we may be open to competition from generic medications. In addition, upon issuance in the United States any patent term can be adjusted based on certain delays caused by the applicant(s) or the United States Patent and Trademark Office, or USPTO. For example, a patent term can be reduced based on certain delays caused by the patent applicant during patent prosecution. 
 Patent term extensions under the Hatch-Waxman Act in the United States and under supplementary protection certificates in Europe may be available to extend the patent or data exclusivity terms of products. With respect to ubenimex, lonafarnib, lambda and exendin (9-39), a substantial portion of the potential commercial opportunity will likely rely on patent term extensions, and we cannot provide any assurances that any such patent term extensions will be obtained and, if so, for how long. As a result, we may not be able to maintain exclusivity for our products for an extended period after regulatory approval, which would negatively impact our business and results of operations. If we do not have sufficient patent terms or regulatory exclusivity to protect our products, our business and results of operations will be adversely affected. 
 Patent laws and rule changes could increase the uncertainties and costs surrounding the prosecution of our patent applications and the enforcement or defense of our issued patents. 
 Changes in either the patent laws or interpretation of the patent laws in the United States and other countries may diminish the value of our patents or narrow the scope of our patent protection. The laws of foreign countries may not protect our rights to the same extent as the laws of the United States. Publications of discoveries in the scientific literature often lag behind the actual discoveries, and patent applications in the United States and other jurisdictions are typically not published until 18 months after filing, or in some cases not at all. We therefore cannot be certain that it or our licensors were the first to make the invention claimed in our owned and licensed patents or pending applications, or that we or our licensor were the first to file for patent protection of such inventions. Assuming the other requirements for patentability are met, in the United States prior to March 15, 2013, the first to make the claimed invention is entitled to the patent, while outside the United States, the first to file a patent application is entitled to the patent. After March 15, 2013, under the Leahy-Smith America Invents Act, or the Leahy-Smith Act, enacted on September 16, 2011, the United States has moved to a first to file system. The Leahy-Smith Act also includes a number of significant changes that affect the way patent applications will be prosecuted and may also affect patent litigation. The effects of these changes are currently unclear as the USPTO must still implement various regulations, the courts have yet to address any of these provisions and the applicability of the act and new regulations on specific patents discussed herein have not been determined and would need to be reviewed. In general, the Leahy-Smith Act and its implementation could increase the uncertainties and costs surrounding the prosecution of our patent applications and the enforcement or defense of our issued patents, all of which could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial condition. 
 If we are unable to maintain effective proprietary rights for our product candidates or any future product candidates, we may not be able to compete effectively in our markets. 
   In addition to the protection afforded by patents, we rely on trade secret protection and confidentiality agreements to protect proprietary know-how that is not patentable or that we elect not to patent, processes for which patents are difficult to enforce and any other elements of our product candidate discovery and development processes that involve proprietary know-how, information or  
 37 
 
  technology that is not covered by patents. However, trade secrets can be difficult to protect. We seek to protect our proprietary techn  ology and processes, in part, by entering into confidentiality agreements with our employees, consultants, scientific advisors, and contractors. We also seek to preserve the integrity and confidentiality of our data and trade secrets by maintaining physica  l security of our premises and physical and electronic security of our information technology systems. While we have confidence in these individuals, organizations and systems, agreements or security measures may be breached, and we may not have adequate r  emedies for any breach. In addition, our trade secrets may otherwise become known or be independently discovered by competitors.  
 Although we expect all of our employees and consultants to assign their inventions to us, and all of our employees, consultants, advisors, and any third parties who have access to our proprietary know-how, information, or technology to enter into confidentiality agreements, we cannot provide any assurances that all such agreements have been duly executed or that our trade secrets and other confidential proprietary information will not be disclosed or that competitors will not otherwise gain access to our trade secrets or independently develop substantially equivalent information and techniques. Misappropriation or unauthorized disclosure of our trade secrets could impair our competitive position and may have a material adverse effect on our business. Additionally, if the steps taken to maintain our trade secrets are deemed inadequate, we may have insufficient recourse against third parties for misappropriating the trade secret. 
 Third-party claims of intellectual property infringement may prevent or delay our development and commercialization efforts. 
 Our commercial success depends in part on our avoiding infringement of the patents and proprietary rights of third parties. There have been many lawsuits and other proceedings involving patent and other intellectual property rights in the biotechnology and pharmaceutical industries, including patent infringement lawsuits, interferences, oppositions, and reexamination proceedings before the USPTO and corresponding foreign patent offices. Numerous U.S. and foreign issued patents and pending patent applications, which are owned by third parties, exist in the fields in which we are developing product candidates. As the biotechnology and pharmaceutical industries expand and more patents are issued, the risk increases that our product candidates may be subject to claims of infringement of the patent rights of third parties. 
 Third parties may assert that we are employing their proprietary technology without authorization. There may be third-party patents or patent applications with claims to materials, formulations, methods of manufacture, or methods for treatment related to the use or manufacture of our product candidates. We have conducted freedom to operate analyses with respect to only certain of our product candidates, and therefore we do not know whether there are any third-party patents that would impair our ability to commercialize these product candidates. We also cannot guarantee that any of our analyses are complete and thorough, nor can we be sure that we have identified each and every patent and pending application in the United States and abroad that is relevant or necessary to the commercialization of our product candidates. Because patent applications can take many years to issue, there may be currently pending patent applications that may later result in issued patents that our product candidates may infringe. 
 In addition, third parties may obtain patents in the future and claim that use of our technologies infringes upon these patents. If any third-party patents were held by a court of competent jurisdiction to cover aspects of our formulations, the manufacturing process of any of our product candidates, methods of use, any molecules formed during the manufacturing process or any final product itself, the holders of any such patents may be able to block our ability to commercialize such product candidate unless we obtained a license under the applicable patents, or until such patents expire or are finally determined to be invalid or unenforceable. Such a license may not be available on commercially reasonable terms, or at all. 
 Parties making claims against us may obtain injunctive or other equitable relief, which could effectively block our ability to further develop and commercialize one or more of our product candidates. Defense of these claims, regardless of their merit, would involve substantial litigation expense and would be a substantial diversion of employee resources from our business. In the event of a successful claim of infringement against us, we may have to pay substantial damages, including treble damages and attorneys  fees for willful infringement, pay royalties, redesign our infringing products or obtain one or more licenses from third parties, which may be impossible or require substantial time and monetary expenditure. 
 We may not be successful in meeting our diligence obligations under our existing license agreements necessary to maintain our product candidate licenses in effect. In addition, if required in order to commercialize our product candidates, we may be unsuccessful in obtaining or maintaining necessary rights to our product candidates through acquisitions and in-licenses. 
   We currently have rights to the intellectual property, through licenses from third parties and under patents that we do not own, to develop and commercialize our product candidates. Because our programs may require the use of proprietary rights held by third parties, the growth of our business will likely depend in part on our ability to maintain in effect these proprietary rights. For example, we have certain specified diligence obligations under our Stanford license agreements for our ubenimex and lonafarnib product candidates. We may not be able to achieve the required diligence milestones in a timely manner, which may result in a right of termination by Stanford, and we may be unable to successfully negotiate an extension or waiver of those termination rights. Any  
 38 
 
  termination of license agreements with third parties with respect to our product candidates would be expected to negatively impact our business prospects.  
 We may be unable to acquire or in-license any compositions, methods of use, processes, or other third-party intellectual property rights from third parties that we identify as necessary for our product candidates. The licensing and acquisition of third-party intellectual property rights is a competitive area, and a number of more established companies are also pursuing strategies to license or acquire third-party intellectual property rights that we may consider attractive. These established companies may have a competitive advantage over us due to their size, cash resources, and greater clinical development and commercialization capabilities. In addition, companies that perceive us to be a competitor may be unwilling to assign or license rights to us. Even if we are able to license or acquire third-party intellectual property rights that are necessary for our product candidates, there can be no assurance that they will be available on favorable terms. 
 We collaborate with U.S. and foreign academic institutions to identify product candidates, accelerate our research and conduct development. Typically, these institutions have provided us with an option to negotiate an exclusive license to any of the institution s rights in the patents or other intellectual property resulting from the collaboration. Regardless of such option, we may be unable to negotiate a license within the specified timeframe or under terms that are acceptable to us. If we are unable to do so, the institution may offer the intellectual property rights to other parties, potentially blocking our ability to pursue a program of interest to us. 
 If we are unable to successfully obtain and maintain rights to required third-party intellectual property, we may have to abandon development of that product candidate or pay additional amounts to the third party, and our business and financial condition could suffer. 
 Our product candidates may be subject to generic competition. 
 Under the Hatch-Waxman Act, a pharmaceutical manufacturer may file an abbreviated new drug application, or ANDA, seeking approval of a generic copy of an approved innovator product. Under the Hatch-Waxman Act, a manufacturer may also submit an NDA under section 505(b)(2) that references the FDA s finding of safety and effectiveness of a previously approved drug. A 505(b)(2) NDA product may be for a new or improved version of the original innovator product. Innovative small molecule drugs may be eligible for certain periods of regulatory exclusivity (e.g., five years for new chemical entities, three years for changes to an approved drug requiring a new clinical study, seven years for orphan drugs), which preclude FDA approval (or in some circumstances, FDA filing and review of) an ANDA or 505(b)(2) NDA relying on the FDA s finding of safety and effectiveness for the innovative drug. In addition to the benefits of regulatory exclusivity, an innovator NDA holder may have patents claiming the active ingredient, product formulation or an approved use of the drug, which would be listed with the product in the FDA publication,  Approved Drug Products with Therapeutic Equivalence Evaluations,  known as the  Orange Book.  If there are patents listed in the Orange Book, a generic applicant that seeks to market its product before expiration of the patents must include in the ANDA or 505(b)(2) what is known as a  Paragraph IV certification,  challenging the validity or enforceability of, or claiming non-infringement of, the listed patent or patents. Notice of the certification must be given to the innovator, too, and if within 45 days of receiving notice the innovator sues to protect its patents, approval of the ANDA is stayed for 30 months, or as lengthened or shortened by the court. 
 If there are patents listed for our product candidates in the Orange Book, ANDAs and 505(b)(2) NDAs with respect to those product candidates would be required to include a certification as to each listed patent indicating whether the ANDA applicant does or does not intend to challenge the patent. We cannot predict whether any patents issuing from our pending patent applications will be eligible for listing in the Orange Book, how any generic competitor would address such patents, whether we would sue on any such patents, or the outcome of any such suit. 
 We may not be successful in securing or maintaining proprietary patent protection for products and technologies we develop or license. Moreover, if any patents that are granted and listed in the Orange Book are successfully challenged by way of a Paragraph IV certification and subsequent litigation, the affected product could more immediately face generic competition and its sales would likely decline materially. Should sales decline, we may have to write off a portion or all of the intangible assets associated with the affected product and our results of operations and cash flows could be materially and adversely affected. 
 The patent protection and patent prosecution for some of our product candidates is dependent on third parties. 
   While we normally seek and gain the right to fully prosecute the patents relating to our product candidates, there may be times when patents relating to our product candidates are controlled by our licensors. This is the case with our agreements with Stanford and Nippon Kayaku, each of whom is primarily responsible for the prosecution of patents and patent applications licensed to us under the applicable collaboration agreements. If they or any of our future licensors fail to appropriately and broadly prosecute and maintain patent protection for patents covering any of our product candidates, our ability to develop and commercialize those product candidates may be adversely affected and we may not be able to prevent competitors from making, using, importing, and selling competing products. In addition, even where we now have the right to control patent prosecution of patents and patent applications we  
 39 
 
  have licensed from third parties, we may still be adversely affected or prejudiced by actions or inactions of our licensors in effect from actions prior to us assuming control over patent prosecution.  
 If we fail to comply with obligations in the agreements under which we license intellectual property and other rights from third parties or otherwise experience disruptions to our business relationships with our licensors, we could lose license rights that are important to our business. 
 We are a party to a number of intellectual property license and supply agreements that are important to our business and expects to enter into additional license agreements in the future. Our existing agreements impose, and we expect that future license agreements will impose, various diligence, milestone payment, royalty, purchasing, and other obligations on us. If we fail to comply with our obligations under these agreements, or we are subject to a bankruptcy, our agreements may be subject to termination by the licensor, in which event we would not be able to develop, manufacture or market products covered by the license or subject to supply commitments. 
 Although we are not currently involved in any intellectual property litigation, we may be involved in lawsuits to protect or enforce our patents or the patents of our licensors, which could be expensive, time consuming, and unsuccessful. 
 Competitors may infringe our patents or the patents of our licensors. Although we are not currently involved in any intellectual property litigation, if we or one of our licensing partners were to initiate legal proceedings against a third party to enforce a patent covering one of our product candidates, the defendant could counterclaim that the patent covering our product candidate is invalid and/or unenforceable. In patent litigation in the United States, defendant counterclaims alleging invalidity and/or unenforceability are commonplace. Grounds for a validity challenge could be an alleged failure to meet any of several statutory requirements, including lack of novelty, obviousness, or non-enablement. Grounds for an unenforceability assertion could be an allegation that someone connected with prosecution of the patent withheld relevant information from the USPTO, or made a misleading statement, during prosecution. The outcome following legal assertions of invalidity and unenforceability is unpredictable. 
 Interference proceedings provoked by third parties or brought by us or declared by the USPTO may be necessary to determine the priority of inventions with respect to our patents or patent applications or those of our licensors. An unfavorable outcome could require us to cease using the related technology or to attempt to license rights to it from the prevailing party. Our business could be harmed if the prevailing party does not offer us a license on commercially reasonable terms. Our defense of litigation or interference proceedings may fail and, even if successful, may result in substantial costs and distract our management and other employees. In addition, the uncertainties associated with litigation could have a material adverse effect on our ability to raise the funds necessary to continue our clinical trials, continue our research programs, license necessary technology from third parties, or enter into development partnerships that would help us bring our product candidates to market. 
 Furthermore, because of the substantial amount of discovery required in connection with intellectual property litigation, there is a risk that some of our confidential information could be compromised by disclosure during this type of litigation. There could also be public announcements of the results of hearings, motions, or other interim proceedings or developments. If securities analysts or investors perceive these results to be negative, it could have a material adverse effect on the price of our common stock. 
 We may be subject to claims that our employees, consultants or independent contractors have wrongfully used or disclosed confidential information of third parties or that our employees have wrongfully used or disclosed alleged trade secrets of their former employers. 
 We employ individuals who were previously employed at universities or other biotechnology or pharmaceutical companies, including our competitors or potential competitors. Although we have written agreements and make every effort to ensure that our employees, consultants and independent contractors do not use the proprietary information or intellectual property rights of others in their work forums, and we are not currently subject to any claims that our employees, consultants or independent contractors have wrongfully used or disclosed confidential information of third parties, we may in the future be subject to such claims. Litigation may be necessary to defend against these claims. If we fail in defending any such claims, in addition to paying monetary damages, we may lose valuable intellectual property rights or personnel, which could adversely impact our business. Even if we are successful in defending against such claims, litigation could result in substantial costs and be a distraction to management and other employees. 
 40 
 
    We may not be able to protect our intellectual property rights throughout the world.  
 Filing, prosecuting, and defending patents on product candidates in all countries throughout the world would be prohibitively expensive, and our intellectual property rights in some countries outside the United States can be less extensive than those in the United States. Likewise, certain of our license agreements, for example for ubenimex, do not include patents or patent applications outside of the United States as our licensor elected not to file in foreign jurisdictions. In addition, the laws of some foreign countries do not protect intellectual property rights to the same extent as federal and state laws in the United States. Competitors may use our technologies in jurisdictions where we have not obtained patent protection to develop their own products and may also export infringing products to territories where we have patent protection, but enforcement is not as strong as that in the United States. These products may compete with our products and our patents or other intellectual property rights may not be effective or sufficient to prevent them from competing. 
 Many companies have encountered significant problems in protecting and defending intellectual property rights in foreign jurisdictions. The legal systems of certain countries, particularly certain developing countries, do not favor the enforcement of patents, trade secrets, and other intellectual property protection, particularly those relating to biotechnology products, which could make it difficult for us to stop the infringement of our patents or marketing of competing products in violation of our proprietary rights generally. Proceedings to enforce our patent rights in foreign jurisdictions, whether or not successful, could result in substantial costs and divert our efforts and attention from other aspects of our business, could put our patents at risk of being invalidated or interpreted narrowly and our patent applications at risk of not issuing and could provoke third parties to assert claims against us. We may not prevail in any lawsuits that we initiate and the damages or other remedies awarded, if any, may not be commercially meaningful. Accordingly, our efforts to enforce our intellectual property rights around the world may be inadequate to obtain a significant commercial advantage from the intellectual property that we develop or license. 
 Risks Related to our Business Operations 
 We have identified a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting and our current management team may fail to maintain an effective system of internal control, which may result in material misstatements of our financial statements or cause us to fail to meet our periodic reporting obligations as a public company. 
 Prior to the Merger, the financial reporting for Private Eiger s operations was based on capabilities as a private company and we had limited accounting and financial reporting personnel and other resources with which to address our internal controls and procedures. In connection with the audit of our consolidated financial statements for the years ended December 31, 2015 and 2014 as a private company, we and our independent auditors identified a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting. A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of the subject company s annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. Our lack of sufficient accounting personnel resulted in the identification of a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting. Specifically, the material weakness that was identified related to a lack of sufficient accounting resources and personnel that had limited our ability to adequately segregate duties, perform sufficient review and approval of manual journal entries posted to the general ledger, establish defined accounting policies and procedures or perform timely reviews of account reconciliations or accounting estimates. Following the Merger, no former employees of Celladon remain employed by us and Celladon did not have similar issues or report a material weakness. Consequently, following the Merger we will need to build out and maintain our own public company financial reporting functions and other resources. 
 To address the deficiency in our team s accounting processes, we have begun hiring additional accounting personnel, and establishing and documenting accounting policies and procedures and implementing management review controls. In particular, we intend to implement further segregation of duties and to establish formal written policies for our accounting function by the end of 2016. While we intend to implement a plan to remediate this deficiency, we cannot predict the success of such plan or the outcome of our assessment of these plans at this time. We can give no assurance that this implementation will remediate this deficiency in internal control or that material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting will not be identified in the future. Our failure to implement and maintain effective internal control over financial reporting could result in errors in our financial statements that could result in a restatement of our financial statements or cause us to fail to meet our reporting obligations. In addition, although we are not currently required to formally test our internal controls for attestation, we are required as an  emerging growth company  to report on our internal controls. After we are no longer an emerging growth company, any testing by us conducted in connection with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, or the subsequent testing by our independent registered public accounting firm, may reveal deficiencies in our internal controls over financial reporting that are deemed to be material weaknesses or that may require prospective or retroactive changes to our consolidated financial statements or identify other areas for further attention or improvement. Inadequate internal controls could also cause investors to lose confidence in our reported financial information, which could have a negative effect on the trading price of our common stock. 
 41 
 
    Our future success depends in part on our ability to retain our President and Chief Executi  ve Officer and to attract, retain, and motivate other qualified personnel.  
 We are highly dependent on David Cory, our President and Chief Executive Officer, the loss of whose services may adversely impact the achievement of our objectives. Mr. Cory could leave our employment at any time, as he is an  at will  employee. Recruiting and retaining other qualified employees, consultants, and advisors for our business, including scientific and technical personnel, will also be critical to our success. There is currently a shortage of highly qualified personnel in our industry, which is likely to continue. As a result, competition for personnel is intense and the turnover rate can be high. We may not be able to attract and retain personnel on acceptable terms given the competition among numerous pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies for individuals with similar skill sets. In addition, failure to succeed in development and commercialization of our product candidates may make it more challenging to recruit and retain qualified personnel. The inability to recruit and retain qualified personnel, or the loss of the services of Mr. Cory may impede the progress of our research, development, and commercialization objectives and would negatively impact our ability to succeed in our in-licensing strategy. 
 We will need to expand our organization and we may experience difficulties in managing this growth, which could disrupt our operations.* 
 As of November 1, 2016, we had 19 full-time employees. As our development and commercialization plans and strategies develop, we expect to need additional managerial, operational, manufacturing, sales, marketing, financial, legal, and other resources. Our management may need to divert a disproportionate amount of their attention away from our day-to-day activities and devote a substantial amount of time to managing these growth activities. We may not be able to effectively manage the expansion of our operations, which may result in weaknesses in our infrastructure, operational mistakes, loss of business opportunities, loss of employees, and reduced productivity among remaining employees. Our expected growth could require significant capital expenditures and may divert financial resources from other projects, such as the development of additional product candidates. If our management is unable to effectively manage our growth, our expenses may increase more than expected, our ability to generate and/or grow revenue could be reduced and we may not be able to implement our business strategy. Our future financial performance and our ability to commercialize product candidates and compete effectively will depend, in part, on our ability to effectively manage any future growth. 
 Failure in our information technology and storage systems could significantly disrupt the operation of our business. 
 Our ability to execute our business plan and maintain operations depends on the continued and uninterrupted performance of our information technology, or IT, systems. IT systems are vulnerable to risks and damages from a variety of sources, including telecommunications or network failures, malicious human acts and natural disasters. Moreover, despite network security and back-up measures, some of our and our vendors  servers are potentially vulnerable to physical or electronic break-ins, computer viruses and similar disruptive problems. Despite precautionary measures to prevent unanticipated problems that could affect our IT systems, sustained or repeated system failures that interrupt our ability to generate and maintain data could adversely affect our ability to operate our business. 
 We may not be successful in any efforts to identify, license, discover, develop or commercialize additional product candidates. 
 Although a substantial amount of our effort will focus on the continued clinical testing, potential approval, and commercialization of our existing product candidates, the success of our business is also expected to depend in part upon our ability to identify, license, discover, develop, or commercialize additional product candidates. Research programs to identify new product candidates require substantial technical, financial, and human resources. We may focus our efforts and resources on potential programs or product candidates that ultimately prove to be unsuccessful. Our research programs or licensing efforts may fail to yield additional product candidates for clinical development and commercialization for a number of reasons, including but not limited to the following: 

our research or business development methodology or search criteria and process may be unsuccessful in identifying potential product candidates;     

we may not be able or willing to assemble sufficient resources to acquire or discover additional product candidates;     

our product candidates may not succeed in preclinical or clinical testing;     

our potential product candidates may be shown to have harmful side effects or may have other characteristics that may make the products unmarketable or unlikely to receive marketing approval;     

competitors may develop alternatives that render our product candidates obsolete or less attractive;     

product candidates we develop may be covered by third parties  patents or other exclusive rights;     

 42 

the market for a product candidate may change during our program so that   such a product may become unreasonable to continue to develop;     

a product candidate may not be capable of being produced in commercial quantities at an acceptable cost, or at all; and     

a product candidate may not be accepted as safe and effective by patients, the medical community, or third-party payors.     

 If any of these events occur, we may be forced to abandon our development efforts for a program or programs, or we may not be able to identify, license, discover, develop, or commercialize additional product candidates, which would have a material adverse effect on our business and could potentially cause us to cease operations. 
 Healthcare legislative reform measures may have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. 
 In the United States, there have been and continue to be a number of legislative initiatives to contain healthcare costs. For example, in March 2010, the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, as amended by the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act, or the Health Care Reform Law, was passed, which substantially changes the way health care is financed by both governmental and private insurers, and significantly impacts the U.S. pharmaceutical industry. The Health Care Reform Law, among other things, addresses a new methodology by which rebates owed by manufacturers under the Medicaid Drug Rebate Program are calculated for drugs that are inhaled, infused, instilled, implanted, or injected, increases the minimum Medicaid rebates owed by manufacturers under the Medicaid Drug Rebate Program and extends the rebate program to individuals enrolled in Medicaid managed care organizations, establishes annual fees and taxes on manufacturers of certain branded prescription drugs, and promotes a new Medicare Part D coverage gap discount program. 
 In addition, other legislative changes have been proposed and adopted in the United States since the Health Care Reform Law was enacted and we expect that additional state and federal healthcare reform measures will be adopted in the future, any of which could limit the amounts that federal and state governments will pay for healthcare products and services, which could result in reduced demand or lower pricing for our product candidates, or additional pricing pressures. 
 We may be subject, directly or indirectly, to federal and state healthcare fraud and abuse laws, false claims laws, and health information privacy and security laws. If we are unable to comply, or has not fully complied, with such laws, it could face substantial penalties. 
 If we obtain FDA approval for any of our product candidates and begins commercializing those products in the United States, our operations may be subject to various federal and state fraud and abuse laws, including, without limitation, the federal Anti-Kickback Statute, the federal False Claims Act, and physician sunshine laws and regulations. These laws may impact, among other things, our proposed sales, marketing, and education programs. In addition, we may be subject to patient privacy regulation by both the federal government and the states in which we conduct our business. The laws that may affect our ability to operate include: 

the federal Anti-Kickback Statute, which prohibits, among other things, persons from knowingly and willfully soliciting, receiving, offering or paying remuneration, directly or indirectly, to induce, or in return for, the purchase or recommendation of an item or service reimbursable under a federal healthcare program, such as the Medicare and Medicaid programs;     

federal civil and criminal false claims laws and civil monetary penalty laws, which prohibit, among other things, individuals or entities from knowingly presenting, or causing to be presented, claims for payment from Medicare, Medicaid, or other third-party payors that are false or fraudulent;     

the federal Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996, or HIPAA, which created new federal criminal statutes that prohibit executing a scheme to defraud any healthcare benefit program and making false statements relating to healthcare matters;     

HIPAA, as amended by the Health Information Technology and Clinical Health Act, or HITECH, and our implementing regulations, which imposes certain requirements relating to the privacy, security, and transmission of individually identifiable health information;     

the federal physician sunshine requirements under the Health Care Reform Laws requires manufacturers of drugs, devices, biologics, and medical supplies to report annually to the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services information related to payments and other transfers of value to physicians, other healthcare providers, and teaching hospitals, and ownership and investment interests held by physicians and other healthcare providers and their immediate family members and applicable group purchasing organizations; and     

 43 

state law equivalents of each of the above federal laws, such as anti-kickback and false claims laws that may apply to items or services reimbursed by any third-party payors, including commercial insurers, st  ate laws that require pharmaceutical companies to comply with the pharmaceutical industry s voluntary compliance guidelines and the relevant compliance guidance promulgated by the federal government, or otherwise restrict payments that may be made to healt  hcare providers and other potential referral sources; state laws that require drug manufacturers to report information related to payments and other transfers of value to physicians and other healthcare providers or marketing expenditures, and state laws g  overning the privacy and security of health information in certain circumstances, many of which differ from each other in significant ways and may not have the same effect, thus complicating compliance efforts.     

 Because of the breadth of these laws and the narrowness of the statutory exceptions and safe harbors available, it is possible that some of our business activities could be subject to challenge under one or more of such laws. In addition, recent health care reform legislation has strengthened these laws. For example, the Health Care Reform Law, among other things, amends the intent requirement of the federal anti-kickback and criminal healthcare fraud statutes. A person or entity no longer needs to have actual knowledge of this statute or specific intent to violate it. Moreover, the Health Care Reform Law provides that the government may assert that a claim including items or services resulting from a violation of the federal anti-kickback statute constitutes a false or fraudulent claim for purposes of the False Claims Act. 
 If our operations are found to be in violation of any of the laws described above or any other governmental regulations that apply, we may be subject to penalties, including civil and criminal penalties, damages, fines, exclusion from participation in government health care programs, such as Medicare and Medicaid, imprisonment, and the curtailment or restructuring of our operations, any of which could adversely affect our ability to operate our business and our results of operations. 
 Our employees, principal investigators, consultants and commercial partners may engage in misconduct or other improper activities, including non-compliance with regulatory standards and requirements and insider trading. 
 We are exposed to the risk of fraudulent conduct or other illegal activity by our employees, independent contractors, principal investigators, consultants, commercial partners and vendors. Misconduct by these parties could include intentional, reckless and/or negligent conduct that fails to: comply with the regulations of the FDA and non-U.S. regulators, provide accurate information to the FDA and non-U.S. regulators, comply with healthcare fraud and abuse laws in the United States and abroad, report financial information or data accurately or disclose unauthorized activities to us. In particular, promotion, sales, marketing and certain business arrangements in the healthcare industry are subject to extensive laws intended to prevent fraud, misconduct, kickbacks, self-dealing and other abusive practices. These laws may restrict or prohibit a wide range of pricing, discounting, marketing and promotion, sales commission, customer incentive programs and other business arrangements. Such misconduct could also involve the improper use of information obtained in the course of patient recruitment or clinical trials, which could result in regulatory sanctions and cause serious harm to our reputation. We have adopted a code of business conduct and ethics applicable to all of our employees, but it is not always possible to identify and deter employee misconduct, and the precautions we take to detect and prevent this activity may not be effective in controlling unknown or unmanaged risks or losses or in protecting us from governmental investigations or other actions or lawsuits stemming from a failure to comply with these laws or regulations. If any such actions are instituted against us, and we are not successful in defending ourselves or asserting our rights, those actions could have a significant impact on our business, including the imposition of significant fines or other sanctions. 
 We face potential product liability, and, if successful claims are brought against us, we may incur substantial liability and costs. If the use or misuse of our product candidates harm patients, or is perceived to harm patients even when such harm is unrelated to our product candidates, our regulatory approvals could be revoked or otherwise negatively impacted and we could be subject to costly and damaging product liability claims. 
 The use or misuse of our product candidates in clinical trials and the sale of any products for which we obtain marketing approval exposes us to the risk of product liability claims. Product liability claims might be brought against us by consumers, healthcare providers, pharmaceutical companies or others selling or otherwise coming into contact with our products. There is a risk that our product candidates may induce adverse events. If we cannot successfully defend against product liability claims, we could incur substantial liability and costs. In addition, regardless of merit or eventual outcome, product liability claims may result in: 

impairment of our business reputation;     

initiation of investigations by regulators;     

withdrawal of clinical trial participants;     

costs due to related litigation;     

distraction of management s attention from our primary business;     

 44 

substantial monetary awards to patients or other claimants;     

the inability to commercialize our product candidates;     

product recalls, withdrawals or labeling, marketing or promotional restrictions; and     

decreased demand for our product candidates, if approved for commercial sale.     

 We believe our current product liability insurance coverage is appropriate in light of our clinical programs; however, we may not be able to maintain insurance coverage at a reasonable cost or in sufficient amounts to protect us against losses due to liability. If and when we obtain marketing approval for product candidates, we intend to increase our insurance coverage to include the sale of commercial products; however, we may be unable to obtain product liability insurance on commercially reasonable terms or in adequate amounts. On occasion, large judgments have been awarded in class action lawsuits based on drugs or medical treatments that had unanticipated adverse effects. A successful product liability claim or series of claims brought against us could cause our stock price to decline and, if judgments exceed our insurance coverage, could adversely affect our results of operations and business. 
 Patients with the diseases targeted by our product candidates are often already in severe and advanced stages of disease and have both known and unknown significant pre-existing and potentially life-threatening health risks. During the course of treatment, patients may suffer adverse events, including death, for reasons that may or may not be related to our product candidates. Such events could subject us to costly litigation, require us to pay substantial amounts of money to injured patients, delay, negatively impact or end our opportunity to receive or maintain regulatory approval to market our products, or require us to suspend or abandon our commercialization efforts. Even in a circumstance in which we do not believe that an adverse event is related to our products, the investigation into the circumstance may be time-consuming or inconclusive. These investigations may interrupt our sales efforts, delay our regulatory approval process in other countries, or impact and limit the type of regulatory approvals our product candidates receive or maintain. As a result of these factors, a product liability claim, even if successfully defended, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 If we fail to comply with environmental, health and safety laws and regulations, we could become subject to fines or penalties or incur costs that could have a material adverse effect on the success of our business. 
 Our research and development activities and our third-party manufacturers  and suppliers  activities involve the controlled storage, use, and disposal of hazardous materials, including the components of our product candidates and other hazardous compounds. We and our manufacturers and suppliers are subject to laws and regulations governing the use, manufacture, storage, handling, and disposal of these hazardous materials. In some cases, these hazardous materials and various wastes resulting from their use are stored at our and our manufacturers  facilities pending their use and disposal. We cannot eliminate the risk of contamination, which could cause an interruption of our commercialization efforts, research and development efforts and business operations, environmental damage resulting in costly clean-up and liabilities under applicable laws and regulations governing the use, storage, handling, and disposal of these materials and specified waste products. Although we believe that the safety procedures utilized by our licensors and our third-party manufacturers for handling and disposing of these materials generally comply with the standards prescribed by these laws and regulations, we cannot guarantee that this is the case or eliminate the risk of accidental contamination or injury from these materials. In such an event, we may be held liable for any resulting damages and such liability could exceed our resources and state or federal or other applicable authorities may curtail our use of certain materials and/or interrupt our business operations. Furthermore, environmental laws and regulations are complex, change frequently, and have tended to become more stringent. We cannot predict the impact of such changes and cannot be certain of our future compliance. We do not currently carry biological or hazardous waste insurance coverage. 
 We are currently conducting and will continue to conduct clinical trials in foreign countries, which could expose us to risks that could have a material adverse effect on the success of our business and the delivery of clinical trial data.* 
 We currently conduct clinical trials in the United States, Ankara, Turkey, Hannover, Germany, Karachi, Pakistan, Auckland, New Zealand and Israel, accordingly, we are subject to risks associated with doing business globally, including commercial, political, and financial risks. Emerging regions, such as Eastern Europe, Latin America, Asia, and Africa, as well as more developed markets, such as the United Kingdom, France, Germany, and Australia, provide clinical study opportunities for us. In addition, we are subject to potential disruption caused by military conflicts; potentially unstable governments or legal systems; civil or political upheaval or unrest; local labor policies and conditions; possible expropriation, nationalization, or confiscation of assets; problems with repatriation of foreign earnings; economic or trade sanctions; closure of markets to imports; anti-American sentiment; terrorism or other types of violence in or outside the United States; health pandemics; and a significant reduction in global travel. For example, Turkey is a key region for clinical activity relating to Hepatitis Delta, and further outbreaks of violence and political instability in the region could disrupt our clinical operations. Our success will depend, in part, on our ability to overcome the challenges we encounter with respect to these risks and other factors affecting U.S. companies with global operations. If our global clinical trials were to experience significant disruption due to these risks or for other reasons, it could have a material adverse effect on our financial results. 
 45 
 
    We or the third parties upon whom we depend may be adversely affected by earthquakes or other natural disasters and our business continuity and disaster recovery plans may not   adequately protect us from a serious disaster.  
 Our corporate headquarters are located in the San Francisco Bay Area which has in the past experienced severe earthquakes and other natural disasters. We do not carry earthquake insurance. Earthquakes or other natural disasters could severely disrupt our operations or those of our collaborators, and have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition, and prospects. If a natural disaster, terrorist attack, power outage, or other event occurred that prevented us from using or damaged critical elements of our business and operations (such as the manufacturing facilities of our third-party contract manufacturers) our business may be disrupted for a substantial period of time. We have limited or no disaster recovery and business continuity plans in place currently and our business would be impaired in the event of a serious disaster or similar event. We may incur substantial expenses to develop and implement any disaster recovery and business continuity plans, which could have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 Risks Related to Celladon s Historical Business Operations 
 We are the subject of securities class action lawsuits that were filed against Celladon in 2015, and additional securities litigation may be brought against us in the future.* 
 In July 2015, following Celladon s announcements of the negative CUPID 2 data and the suspension of further research and development activities and the subsequent declines of the price of its common stock, three putative class actions were filed in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of California against Celladon and certain of its current and former officers. The complaints generally allege that the defendants violated Sections 10(b) and 20(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act, by making materially false and misleading statements regarding the clinical trial program for MYDICAR, thereby artificially inflating the price of Celladon s common stock. The complaints seek unspecified monetary damages and other relief, including attorneys  fees. On September 1, 2015, six stockholders (or groups of stockholders) filed motions to consolidate the three putative securities class actions and to appoint lead plaintiffs (the  Motions to Consolidate ). A hearing on the Motions to Consolidate was held on December 3, 2015. On December 9, 2015, the Court consolidated the three putative securities class actions and appointed a lead plaintiff to represent the putative class. The lead plaintiff filed a consolidated amended complaint on February 29, 2016. On April 29, 2016, the defendants, including Eiger, filed a motion to dismiss the consolidated amendment complaint. On June 28, 2016, lead plaintiff filed his opposition to the motion to dismiss the consolidated amended complaint. On July 28, 2016, the defendants filed their reply in support of the motion to dismiss. On October 7, 2016, the Court entered an order granting the Company s motion to dismiss with leave to amend. On October 18, 2016, lead plaintiff filed a notice that stated he does not intend to amend the complaint, an upon the Court s entry of judgment in favor of defendants, lead plaintiff will file a notice to appeal to the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit. It is possible that additional suits will be filed, or allegations made by stockholders, with respect to these same or other matters and also naming us and/or our former officers and directors as defendants. We believe that we have meritorious defenses and intend to defend these lawsuits vigorously. Due to the early stage of these proceedings, we are not able to predict or reasonably estimate the ultimate outcome or possible losses relating to these claims. While we and Celladon s former directors  and officers  have a separate liability insurance policy dedicated to any claims that may arise from pre-merger events, there is no assurance that the coverage will be sufficient. In addition, any such litigation could result in substantial costs and a diversion of our management s attention and resources, which could harm our business. 
   
 Risks Related to Ownership of our Common Stock 
 The market price of our common stock may be highly volatile, and you may not be able to resell some or all of your shares at a desired market price. 
 The market price of our common stock has been and is likely to continue to be volatile. Our stock price could be subject to wide fluctuations in response to a variety of factors, including the following: 

results or delays in preclinical studies or clinical trials;     

our decision to initiate a clinical trial, not to initiate a clinical trial or to terminate an existing clinical trial;     

unanticipated serious safety concerns related to the use of any of our product candidates;     

reports of adverse events in other gene therapy products or clinical trials of such products;     

inability to obtain additional funding;     

any delay in filing an IND or NDA for any of our product candidates and any adverse development or perceived adverse development with respect to the FDA s review of that IND or NDA;     

our ability to obtain regulatory approvals for lonafarnib or other product candidates, and delays or failures to obtain such approvals;     

failure of any of our product candidates, if approved, to achieve commercial success;     

 46 

failure to obtain orphan drug designation;     

failure to maintain our existing third party license and supply agreements;     

failure by our licensors to prosecute, maintain, or enforce our intellectual property rights;     

changes in laws or regulations applicable to our product candidates;     

any inability to obtain adequate supply of our product candidates or the inability to do so at acceptable prices;     

adverse regulatory authority decisions;     

introduction of new products, services, or technologies by our competitors;     

failure to meet or exceed financial and development projections we may provide to the public;     

failure to meet or exceed the financial and development projections of the investment community;     

the perception of the pharmaceutical industry by the public, legislatures, regulators, and the investment community;     

announcements of significant acquisitions, strategic partnerships, joint ventures, or capital commitments by us or our competitors;     

disputes or other developments relating to proprietary rights, including patents, litigation matters, and our ability to obtain patent protection for our technologies;     

additions or departures of key personnel;     

significant lawsuits, including patent or stockholder litigation;     

if securities or industry analysts do not publish research or reports about our business, or if they issue an adverse or misleading opinions regarding our business and stock;     

changes in the market valuations of similar companies;     

general market or macroeconomic conditions;     

sales of our common stock by us or our stockholders in the future;     

trading volume of our common stock;     

announcements by commercial partners or competitors of new commercial products, clinical progress or the lack thereof, significant contracts, commercial relationships or capital commitments;     

adverse publicity relating to the hepatitis market generally, including with respect to other products and potential products in such markets;     

the introduction of technological innovations or new therapies that compete with potential products of ours;     

changes in the structure of health care payment systems; and     

period-to-period fluctuations in our financial results.     

 Moreover, the stock markets in general have experienced substantial volatility that has often been unrelated to the operating performance of individual companies. These broad market fluctuations may also adversely affect the trading price of our common stock. 
 In the past, following periods of volatility in the market price of a company s securities, stockholders have often instituted class action securities litigation against those companies. Such litigation, if instituted, could result in substantial costs and diversion of management attention and resources, which could significantly harm our profitability and reputation. 
 We will incur costs and demands upon management as a result of complying with the laws and regulations affecting public companies.* 
   We have incurred and will continue to incur significant legal, accounting and other expenses associated with public company reporting requirements. We also incur costs associated with corporate governance requirements, including requirements under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, as well as rules implemented by the SEC and The NASDAQ Stock Market LLC. These rules and regulations impose significant legal and financial compliance costs and make some activities more time-consuming and costly. For example, our management team consists of certain executive officers who have not previously managed and operated a public company. These  
 47 
 
  executive officers and other personnel will need to devote substantial time to gaining expertise regarding operations as a public company and compliance with applicable laws and regulations. In addition, it may be more difficult for us to attra  ct and retain qualified individuals to serve on our board of directors or as executive officers, which may adversely affect investor confidence and could cause our business or stock price to suffer.  
 Anti-takeover provisions in our charter documents and under Delaware law could make an acquisition of us more difficult and may prevent attempts by our stockholders to replace or remove our management. 
 Provisions in our certificate of incorporation and bylaws may delay or prevent an acquisition or a change in management. These provisions include a classified board of directors, a prohibition on actions by written consent of our stockholders and the ability of the board of directors to issue preferred stock without stockholder approval. In addition, because we are incorporated in Delaware, we are governed by the provisions of Section 203 of the DGCL, which prohibits stockholders owning in excess of 15% of our voting stock from merging or combining with us. Although we believe these provisions collectively will provide for an opportunity to receive higher bids by requiring potential acquirers to negotiate with our board of directors, they would apply even if the offer may be considered beneficial by some stockholders. In addition, these provisions may frustrate or prevent any attempts by our stockholders to replace or remove then current management by making it more difficult for stockholders to replace members of the board of directors, which is responsible for appointing the members of management. 
 We do not anticipate that we will pay any cash dividends in the foreseeable future. 
 We expect to retain our future earnings to fund the development and growth of our business. As a result, capital appreciation, if any, of our common stock will be the sole source of gain for our stockholders, if any, for the foreseeable future. 
 Future sales of shares by existing stockholders could cause our stock price to decline. 
 If existing stockholders sell, or indicate an intention to sell, substantial amounts of our common stock in the public market after legal restrictions on resale lapse, the trading price of our common stock could decline. Certain of our existing stockholders, including Vivo Ventures Fund VI, L.P. and Interwest Partners X, L.P., and their respective affiliated entities, own substantial ownership interest in our common stock and any decision to sell a significant number of shares may negatively impact the price of our common stock. 
 The ownership of our common stock is highly concentrated, and it may prevent stockholders from influencing significant corporate decisions and may result in conflicts of interest that could cause our stock price to decline.* 
 Our executive officers, directors and 5% stockholders and their affiliates beneficially own or control a significant portion of the outstanding shares of our common stock. Accordingly, these executive officers, directors, 5% stockholders and their affiliates, acting as a group, have substantial influence over the outcome of corporate actions requiring stockholder approval, including the election of directors, any merger, consolidation or sale of all or substantially all of our assets or any other significant corporate transactions. These stockholders may also delay or prevent a change of control of us, even if such a change of control would benefit our other stockholders. The significant concentration of stock ownership may adversely affect the trading price of our common stock due to investors  perception that conflicts of interest may exist or arise. 
 Because the recent Merger resulted in an ownership change under Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code our net operating loss carryforwards and certain other tax attributes are now subject to limitations. 
 If a corporation undergoes an  ownership change  within the meaning of Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, or Section 382, the corporation s net operating loss carryforwards and certain other tax attributes arising from before the ownership change are subject to limitations on use after the ownership change. In general, an ownership change occurs if there is a cumulative change in the corporation s equity ownership by certain stockholders that exceeds fifty percentage points over a rolling three-year period. Similar rules may apply under state tax laws. The recent Merger resulted in an ownership change and, accordingly, both parties  net operating loss carryforwards and certain other tax attributes will be subject to further limitations on their use. As of September 30, 2016, our management has not performed a Section 382 study to quantify the limitations. Additional ownership changes in the future could result in additional limitations on the combined organization s net operating loss carryforwards. Consequently, even if we achieve profitability, we may not be able to utilize a material portion of our net operating loss carryforwards and other tax attributes, which could have a material adverse effect on cash flow and results of operations. 
 48 

ITEM 2.   
 
          UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUI  TY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS     

 None 

ITEM 3.   
 
     DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES    

 None. 

ITEM 4.   
 
     MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES    

 Not applicable. 

ITEM 5.   
 
     OTHER INFORMATION    

 None. 

ITEM 6.   
 
     EXHIBITS    

 See the Exhibit Index at the end of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, which is incorporated by reference herein. The exhibits listed in the accompanying Exhibit Index are filed as part of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 

49 
 
        SIGNAT  URES  
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

Eiger BioPharmaceuticals, Inc.  

Date: November 8, 2016  

By:  

/s/ David A. Cory  

David A. Cory  

Director, President and Chief Executive Officer  

(Principal Executive Officer)  

Eiger BioPharmaceuticals, Inc.  

Date: November 8, 2016  

By:  

/s/ James Welch  

James Welch  

Chief Financial Officer  

(Principal Financial Officer)  

50 
 
        EXHIBIT   INDEX  

Exhibit 
 Number  

Description of Document  

3.1  

Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Celladon Corporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of Celladon Corporation, filed with the SEC on February 10, 2014).  

3.2  

Amended and Restated Bylaws of Celladon Corporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on February 10, 2014).  

3.3  

Certificate of Amendment of Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Celladon Corporation (incorporated by reference to Annex D to the Registration Statement on Form S-4, as amended (File No. 333-208521), originally filed with the SEC on December 14, 2015).  

3.4  

Certificate of Amendment of Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Celladon Corporation (incorporated by reference to Annex E to the Registration Statement on Form S-4, as amended (File No. 333-208521), originally filed with the SEC on December 14, 2015).  

10.1*  

Eiger BioPharmaceuticals, Inc. 2013 Employee Stock Purchase Plan.  

10.2*  

Eiger BioPharmaceuticals, Inc. Amended and Restated 2013 Equity Incentive Plan.  

31.1  

Certification of Principal Executive Officer required by Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a)  

31.2  

Certification of Principal Financial Officer required by Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a)  

32.1+  

Certification Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer required by Rule 13a-14(b) or Rule 15d-14(b) and Section 1350 of Chapter 63 of Title 18 of the United States Code (18 U.S.C.  1350)  

101.INS  

XBRL Instance Document  

101.SCH  

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document  

101.CAL  

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document  

101.DEF  

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document  

101.LAB  

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document  

101.PRE  

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document  

*   
 
 Management contract or compensation plan or agreement.    

+   
 
 This certification accompanies the Quarterly Report pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and shall not be deemed  filed  by the Registrant for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.    

51  

<EX-10.1>
 2
 eigr-ex101_217.htm
 EX-10.1

eigr-ex101_217.htm

Exhibit 10.1 
   
 Eiger BioPharmaceuticals, Inc.     2013 Employee Stock Purchase Plan   Adopted by the Board of Directors: September 3, 2013 Approved by the Stockholders: October 10, 2013  
 Amended by the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors: May 27, 2016 
 Amended by the Board of Directors: June 1, 2016 
 Approved by the Stockholders: August 29, 2016 
   
 1.   General; Purpose . 
 (a)   The Plan provides a means by which Eligible Employees of the Company and certain designated Related Corporations may be given an opportunity to purchase shares of Common Stock.  The Plan permits the Company to grant a series of Purchase Rights to Eligible Employees under an Employee Stock Purchase Plan.  
 (b)   The Company, by means of the Plan, seeks to retain the services of such Employees, to secure and retain the services of new Employees and to provide incentives for such persons to exert maximum efforts for the success of the Company and its Related Corporations.  
 2.  Administration. 
 (a)   The Board will administer the Plan unless and until the Board delegates administration of the Plan to a Committee or Committees, as provided in Section 2(c).  
   (b)   The Board will have the power, subject to, and within the limitations of, the express provisions of the Plan:  
 (i)   To determine how and when Purchase Rights will be granted and the provisions of each Offering (which need not be identical).  
 (ii)   To designate from time to time which Related Corporations of the Company will be eligible to participate in the Plan.  
 (iii)   To construe and interpret the Plan and Purchase Rights, and to establish, amend and revoke rules and regulations for its administration.  The Board, in the exercise of this power, may correct any defect, omission or inconsistency in the Plan, in a manner and to the extent it deems necessary or expedient to make the Plan fully effective.  
 (iv)   To settle all controversies regarding the Plan and Purchase Rights granted under the Plan.  
 (v)   To suspend or terminate the Plan at any time as provided in Section 12.  
 (vi)   To amend the Plan at any time as provided in Section 12.  

(vii)    Generally, to exercise such powers and to perform such acts as it deems necessary or expedient to promote the best interests of the Company and its Related Corporations and to carry out the intent that the Plan be treated as an Employee Stock Purchase Plan.  
 (viii)   To adopt such procedures and sub-plans as are necessary or appropriate to permit participation in the Plan by Employees who are foreign nationals or employed outside the United States.  
     (c)   The Board may delegate some or all of the administration of the Plan to a Committee or Committees.  If administration is delegated to a Committee, the Committee will have, in connection with the administration of the Plan, the powers theretofore possessed by the Board that have been delegated to the Committee, including the power to delegate to a subcommittee any of the administrative powers the Committee is authorized to exercise (and references in this Plan to the Board will thereafter be to the Committee or subcommittee), subject, however, to such resolutions, not inconsistent with the provisions of the Plan, as may be adopted from time to time by the Board.  The Board may retain the authority to concurrently administer the Plan with the Committee and may, at any time, revest in the Board some or all of the powers previously delegated.  Whether or not the Board has delegated administration of the Plan to a Committee, the Board will have the final power to determine all questions of policy and expediency that may arise in the administration of the Plan.  
 (d)   All determinations, interpretations and constructions made by the Board in good faith will not be subject to review by any person and will be final, binding and conclusive on all persons.  
 3.   Shares of Common Stock Subject to the Plan . 
   (a)   Subject to the provisions of Section 11(a) relating to Capitalization Adjustments, the maximum number of shares of Common Stock that may be issued under the Plan will not exceed   100,000   shares of Common Stock, plus the number of shares of Common Stock that are automatically added on January 1st of each year for a period of up to ten years, commencing on the first January 1 following the IPO Date and ending on (and including) January 1, 2026, in an amount equal to the lesser of (i) 1% of the total number of shares of Capital Stock outstanding on December 31st of the preceding calendar year, and (ii)   165,000   shares of Common Stock.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Board may act prior to the first day of any calendar year to provide that there will be no January 1 st  increase in the share reserve for such calendar year or that the increase in the share reserve for such calendar year will be a lesser number of shares of Common Stock than would otherwise occur pursuant to the preceding sentence.  
 (b)   If any Purchase Right granted under the Plan terminates without having been exercised in full, the shares of Common Stock not purchased under such Purchase Right will again become available for issuance under the Plan.    
 (c)   The stock purchasable under the Plan will be shares of authorized but unissued or reacquired Common Stock, including shares repurchased by the Company on the open market.    
 2 

4.    Grant of Purchase Rights; Offering  .  
 (a)   The Board may from time to time grant or provide for the grant of Purchase Rights to Eligible Employees under an Offering (consisting of one or more Purchase Periods) on an Offering Date or Offering Dates selected by the Board.  Each Offering will be in such form and will contain such terms and conditions as the Board will deem appropriate, and will comply with the requirement of Section 423(b)(5) of the Code that all Employees granted Purchase Rights will have the same rights and privileges.  The terms and conditions of an Offering shall be incorporated by reference into the Plan and treated as part of the Plan.  The provisions of separate Offerings need not be identical, but each Offering will include (through incorporation of the provisions of this Plan by reference in the document comprising the Offering or otherwise) the period during which the Offering will be effective, which period will not exceed 27 months beginning with the Offering Date, and the substance of the provisions contained in Sections 5 through 8, inclusive.  
 (b)   If a Participant has more than one Purchase Right outstanding under the Plan, unless he or she otherwise indicates in forms delivered to the Company: (i) each form will apply to all of his or her Purchase Rights under the Plan, and (ii) a Purchase Right with a lower exercise price (or an earlier-granted Purchase Right, if different Purchase Rights have identical exercise prices) will be exercised to the fullest possible extent before a Purchase Right with a higher exercise price (or a later-granted Purchase Right if different Purchase Rights have identical exercise prices) will be exercised.  
 (c)   The Board will have the discretion to structure an Offering so that if the Fair Market Value of a share of Common Stock on the first Trading Day of a new Purchase Period within that Offering is less than or equal to the Fair Market Value of a share of Common Stock on the Offering Date for that Offering, then (i) that Offering will terminate immediately as of that first Trading Day, and (ii) the Participants in such terminated Offering will be automatically enrolled in a new Offering beginning on the first Trading Day of such new Purchase Period.    
   5.  Eligibility. 
 (a)   Purchase Rights may be granted only to Employees of the Company or, as the Board may designate in accordance with Section 2(b), to Employees of a Related Corporation.  Except as provided in Section 5(b), an Employee will not be eligible to be granted Purchase Rights unless, on the Offering Date, the Employee has been in the employ of the Company or the Related Corporation, as the case may be, for such continuous period preceding such Offering Date as the Board may require, but in no event will the required period of continuous employment be equal to or greater than two years.  In addition, the Board may provide that no Employee will be eligible to be granted Purchase Rights under the Plan unless, on the Offering Date, such Employee s customary employment with the Company or the Related Corporation is more than 20 hours per week and more than five months per calendar year or such other criteria as the Board may determine consistent with Section 423 of the Code.  
     (b)     The Board may provide that each person who, during the course of an Offering, first becomes an Eligible Employee   and elects to participate in an Offering   will, on a date or dates specified in the Offering which coincides with the day on which such person becomes an   
 3 

Eligible Employee or which occurs thereafter, receive a Purchase Right under that Offering, which Purchase Right will thereafter be deemed to be a part of that Offering.  Such Purchase Right will have the same characteristics as any Purchase Rights originally granted under that Offering, as described herein, except that:  
 (i)   the date on which such Purchase Right is granted will be the  Offering Date  of such Purchase Right for all purposes, including determination of the exercise price of such Purchase Right;  
 (ii)   the period of the Offering with respect to such Purchase Right will begin on its Offering Date and end coincident with the end of such Offering; and  
 (iii)   the Board may provide that if such person first becomes an Eligible Employee within a specified period of time before the end of the Offering, he or she will not receive any Purchase Right under that Offering.  
         (c)   The Board may provide that each person who did not elect to fully participate in an ongoing Offering prior to the commencement of a subsequent Purchase Period and elects to participate in the Offering will, on a date or dates specified in the Offering which coincides with the day on which such person elects to participate in the Offering or which occurs thereafter, receive a Purchase Right under that Offering, which Purchase Right will thereafter be deemed to be a part of that Offering.  Such Purchase Right will have the same characteristics as any Purchase Rights originally granted under that Offering, as described herein, except that:  
     (i)   the date on which such Purchase Right is granted will be the  Offering Date  of such Purchase Right for all purposes, including determination of the exercise price of such Purchase Right;  
     (ii)   the period of the Offering with respect to such Purchase Right will begin on its Offering Date and end coincident with the end of such Offering; and  
     (iii)   the Board may provide that if such person first elects to participate in the Offering within a specified period of time before the end of the Offering, he or she will not receive any Purchase Right under that Offering.  
 (d)   No Employee will be eligible for the grant of any Purchase Rights if, immediately after any such Purchase Rights are granted, such Employee owns stock possessing five percent or more of the total combined voting power or value of all classes of stock of the Company or of any Related Corporation.  For purposes of this Section 5(d), the rules of Section 424(d) of the Code will apply in determining the stock ownership of any Employee, and stock which such Employee may purchase under all outstanding Purchase Rights and options will be treated as stock owned by such Employee.  
 (e)   As specified by Section 423(b)(8) of the Code, an Eligible Employee may be granted Purchase Rights only if such Purchase Rights, together with any other rights granted under all Employee Stock Purchase Plans of the Company and any Related Corporations, do not permit such Eligible Employee s rights to purchase stock of the Company or any Related Corporation to accrue at a rate which exceeds $25,000 of Fair Market Value of such stock   
 4 

(determined at the time such rights are granted, and which, with respect to the Plan, will be determined as of their respective Offering Dates) for each calendar year in which such rights are outstanding at any time.  
 (f)   Officers of the Company and any designated Related Corporation, if they are otherwise Eligible Employees, will be eligible to participate in Offerings under the Plan.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Board may provide in an Offering that Employees who are highly compensated Employees within the meaning of Section 423(b)(4)(D) of the Code will not be eligible to participate.  
 6.   Purchase Rights; Purchase Price . 
 (a)   On each Offering Date, each Eligible Employee, pursuant to an Offering made under the Plan, will be granted a Purchase Right to purchase up to that number of shares of Common Stock purchasable either with a percentage or with a maximum dollar amount, as designated by the Board, but in either case not exceeding 15% of such Employee s earnings (as defined by the Board in each Offering) during the period that begins on the Offering Date (or such later date as the Board determines for a particular Offering) and ends on the date stated in the Offering, which date will be no later than the end of the Offering.  
 (b)   The Board will establish one or more Purchase Dates during an Offering on which Purchase Rights granted for that Offering will be exercised and shares of Common Stock will be purchased in accordance with such Offering.  
 (c)   In connection with each Offering made under the Plan, the Board may specify (i) a maximum number of shares of Common Stock that may be purchased by any Participant on any Purchase Date during such Offering, (ii) a maximum aggregate number of shares of Common Stock that may be purchased by all Participants pursuant to such Offering and/or (iii) a maximum aggregate number of shares of Common Stock that may be purchased by all Participants on any Purchase Date under the Offering.  If the aggregate purchase of shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of Purchase Rights granted under the Offering would exceed any such maximum aggregate number, then, in the absence of any Board action otherwise, a pro rata (based on each Participant s accumulated Contributions) allocation of the shares of Common Stock available will be made in as nearly a uniform manner as will be practicable and equitable.  
 (d)   The purchase price of shares of Common Stock acquired pursuant to Purchase Rights will be not less than the lesser of:  
 (i)   an amount equal to 85% of the Fair Market Value of the shares of Common Stock on the Offering Date; or  
 (ii)   an amount equal to 85% of the Fair Market Value of the shares of Common Stock on the applicable Purchase Date.  
 5 

7.    Participation; Withdrawal; Termination  .  
   (a)     An Eligible Employee may elect to   participate in an Offering and   authorize payroll deductions as the means of making Contributions by completing and delivering to the Company, within the time specified in the Offering, an enrollment form provided by the Company. The enrollment form will specify the amount of Contributions not to exceed the maximum amount specified by the Board. Each Participant s Contributions will be credited to a bookkeeping account for such Participant under the Plan and will be deposited with the general funds of the Company except where applicable law requires that Contributions be deposited with a third party. If permitted in the Offering, a Participant may begin such Contributions with the first payroll occurring on or after the Offering Date (or, in the case of a payroll date that occurs after the end of the prior  Offering but before the Offering Date of the next new Offering, Contributions from such payroll will be included in the new Offering).  If permitted in the Offering, a Participant may thereafter reduce (including to zero) or increase his or her Contributions.  If specifically provided in the Offering, in addition to making Contributions by payroll deductions, a Participant may make Contributions through the payment by cash or check prior to a Purchase Date.  
   (b)   During an Offering, a Participant may cease making Contributions and withdraw from the Offering by delivering to the Company a withdrawal form provided by the Company.  The Company may impose a deadline before a Purchase Date for withdrawing.  Upon such withdrawal, such Participant s Purchase Right in that Offering will immediately terminate and the Company will distribute to such Participant all of his or her accumulated but unused Contributions and such Participant s Purchase Right in that Offering shall thereupon terminate.  A Participant s withdrawal from that Offering will have no effect upon his or her eligibility to participate in any other Offerings under the Plan, but such Participant will be required to deliver a new enrollment form to participate in subsequent Offerings.  
 (c)   Purchase Rights granted pursuant to any Offering under the Plan will terminate immediately if the Participant either (i) is no longer an Employee for any reason or for no reason (subject to any post-employment participation period required by law) or (ii) is otherwise no longer eligible to participate. The Company will distribute to such individual all of his or her accumulated but unused Contributions.  
 (d)   During a Participant s lifetime, Purchase Rights will be exercisable only by such Participant.  Purchase Rights are not transferable by a Participant, except by will, by the laws of descent and distribution, or, if permitted by the Company, by a beneficiary designation as described in Section 10.    
 (e)   Unless otherwise specified in the Offering, the Company will have no obligation to pay interest on Contributions.  
   8.  Exercise of Purchase Rights. 
 (a)   On each Purchase Date, each Participant s accumulated Contributions will be applied to the purchase of shares of Common Stock, up to the maximum number of shares of Common Stock permitted by the Plan and the applicable Offering, at the purchase price specified   
 6 

in the Offering.  No fractional shares will be issued unless specifically provided for in the Offering.  
 (b)   If any amount of accumulated Contributions remains in a Participant s account after the purchase of shares of Common Stock on the final Purchase Date of an Offering, then such remaining amount will not roll over to the next Offering and will instead be distributed in full to such Participant after the final Purchase Date of such Offering without interest.  
 (c)   No Purchase Rights may be exercised to any extent unless the shares of Common Stock to be issued upon such exercise under the Plan are covered by an effective registration statement pursuant to the Securities Act and the Plan is in material compliance with all applicable federal, state, foreign and other securities and other laws applicable to the Plan.  If on a Purchase Date the shares of Common Stock are not so registered or the Plan is not in such compliance, no Purchase Rights will be exercised on such Purchase Date, and the Purchase Date will be delayed until the shares of Common Stock are subject to such an effective registration statement and the Plan is in material compliance, except that the Purchase Date will in no event be more than 6 months from the Offering Date.  If, on the Purchase Date, as delayed to the maximum extent permissible, the shares of Common Stock are not registered and the Plan is not in material compliance with all applicable laws, no Purchase Rights will be exercised and all accumulated but unused Contributions will be distributed to the Participants without interest.  
 9.   Covenants of the Company . 
 The Company will seek to obtain from each federal, state, foreign or other regulatory commission or agency having jurisdiction over the Plan such authority as may be required to grant Purchase Rights and issue and sell shares of Common Stock thereunder.  If, after commercially reasonable efforts, the Company is unable to obtain the authority that counsel for the Company deems necessary for the grant of Purchase Rights or the lawful issuance and sale of Common Stock under the Plan, and at a commercially reasonable cost, the Company will be relieved from any liability for failure to grant Purchase Rights and/or to issue and sell Common Stock upon exercise of such Purchase Rights. 
   10.   Designation of Beneficiary . 
 (a)   The Company may, but is not obligated to, permit a Participant to submit a form designating a beneficiary who will receive any shares of Common Stock and/or Contributions from the Participant s account under the Plan if the Participant dies before such shares and/or Contributions are delivered to the Participant.  The Company may, but is not obligated to, permit the Participant to change such designation of beneficiary. Any such designation and/or change must be on a form approved by the Company.  
 (b)     If a Participant dies, and in the absence of a valid beneficiary designation, the Company will deliver any shares of Common Stock and/or Contributions to the executor or administrator of the estate of the Participant.  If no executor or administrator has been appointed (to the knowledge of the Company), the Company, in its sole discretion, may deliver such shares of Common Stock and/or Contributions to the Participant s spouse, dependents or relatives, or if   
 7 

no spouse, dependent or relative is known to the Company, then to such other person as the Company may designate.  
 11.   Adjustments upon Changes in Common Stock; Corporate Transactions . 
     (a)   In the event of a Capitalization Adjustment, the Board will appropriately and proportionately adjust: (i) the class(es) and maximum number of securities subject to the Plan pursuant to Section 3(a), (ii) the class(es) and maximum number of securities by which the share reserve is to increase automatically each year pursuant to Section 3(a), (iii) the class(es) and number of securities subject to, and the purchase price applicable to outstanding Offerings and Purchase Rights, and (iv) the class(es) and number of securities that are the subject of the purchase limits under each ongoing Offering.  The Board will make these adjustments, and its determination will be final, binding and conclusive.   
 (b)   In the event of a Corporate Transaction, then: (i) any surviving corporation or acquiring corporation (or the surviving or acquiring corporation s parent company) may assume or continue outstanding Purchase Rights or may substitute similar rights (including a right to acquire the same consideration paid to the stockholders in the Corporate Transaction) for outstanding Purchase Rights, or (ii) if any surviving or acquiring corporation (or its parent company)   does not assume or continue such Purchase Rights or does not substitute similar rights for such Purchase Rights, then the Participants  accumulated Contributions will be used to purchase shares of Common Stock within ten business days prior to the Corporate Transaction under the outstanding Purchase Rights, and the Purchase Rights will terminate immediately after such purchase.  
   12.   Amendment, Termination or Suspension of the Plan . 
 (a)   The Board may amend the Plan at any time in any respect the Board deems necessary or advisable.  However, except as provided in Section 11(a) relating to Capitalization Adjustments, stockholder approval will be required for any amendment of the Plan for which stockholder approval is required by applicable law or listing requirements, including any amendment that either (i) materially increases the number of shares of Common Stock available for issuance under the Plan, (ii) materially expands the class of individuals eligible to become Participants and receive Purchase Rights, (iii) materially increases the benefits accruing to Participants under the Plan or materially reduces the price at which shares of Common Stock may be purchased under the Plan, (iv) materially extends the term of the Plan, or (v) expands the types of awards available for issuance under the Plan, but in each of (i) through (v) above only to the extent stockholder approval is required by applicable law or listing requirements.  
 (b)   The Board may suspend or terminate the Plan at any time.  No Purchase Rights may be granted under the Plan while the Plan is suspended or after it is terminated.  
 (c)   Any benefits, privileges, entitlements and obligations under any outstanding Purchase Rights granted before an amendment, suspension or termination of the Plan will not be materially impaired by any such amendment, suspension or termination except (i) with the consent of the person to whom such Purchase Rights were granted, (ii) as necessary to comply with any laws, listing requirements, or governmental regulations (including, without limitation,   
 8 

the provisions of Section 423 of the Code and the regulations and other interpretive guidance issued thereunder relating to Employee Stock Purchase Plans) including without limitation any such regulations or other guidance that may be issued or amended after the date the Plan is adopted by the Board, or (iii) as necessary to obtain or maintain favorable tax, listing, or regulatory treatment.  To be clear, the Board may amend outstanding Purchase Rights without a Participant s consent if such amendment is necessary to ensure that the Purchase Right and/or the Plan complies with the requirements of Section 423 of the Code.  
   13.   Effective Date of Plan . 
 The Plan will become effective immediately prior to and contingent upon the IPO Date.  No Purchase Rights will be exercised unless and until the Plan has been approved by the stockholders of the Company, which approval must be within 12 months before or after the date the Plan is adopted (or if required under Section 12(a) above, materially amended) by the Board.  
 14.   Miscellaneous Provisions . 
 (a)   Proceeds from the sale of shares of Common Stock pursuant to Purchase Rights will constitute general funds of the Company.  
 (b)   A Participant will not be deemed to be the holder of, or to have any of the rights of a holder with respect to, shares of Common Stock subject to Purchase Rights unless and until the Participant s shares of Common Stock acquired upon exercise of Purchase Rights are recorded in the books of the Company (or its transfer agent).  
 (c)   The Plan and Offering do not constitute an employment contract.  Nothing in the Plan or in the Offering will in any way alter the at will nature of a Participant s employment or  be deemed to create in any way whatsoever any obligation on the part of any Participant to continue in the employ of the Company or a Related Corporation, or on the part of the Company or a Related Corporation to continue the employment of a Participant.  
 (d)   The provisions of the Plan will be governed by the laws of the State of California without resort to that state s conflicts of laws rules.  
 15.  Definitions. 
 As used in the Plan, the following definitions will apply to the capitalized terms indicated below: 
 (a)      Board        means the Board of Directors of the Company.  
 (b)      Capital Stock        means each and every class of common stock of the Company, regardless of the number of votes per share.  
 (c)      Capitalization Adjustment    means any change that is made in, or other events that occur with respect to, the Common Stock subject to the Plan or subject to any Purchase Right after the date the Plan is adopted by the Board without the receipt of consideration by the Company through merger, consolidation, reorganization, recapitalization, reincorporation, stock   
 9 

dividend, dividend in property other than cash, large nonrecurring cash dividend, stock split, liquidating dividend, combination of shares, exchange of shares, change in corporate structure or other similar equity restructuring transaction, as that term is used in Financial Accounting Standards Board Accounting Standards Codification Topic 718 (or any successor thereto).  Notwithstanding the foregoing, the conversion of any convertible securities of the Company will not be treated as a Capitalization Adjustment.  
 (d)      Code        means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, including any applicable regulations and guidance thereunder  .  
 (e)      Committee        means a committee of one or more members of the Board to whom authority has been delegated by the Board in accordance with Section 2(c).  
 (f)      Common Stock    means, as of the IPO Date, the common stock of the Company, having 1 vote per share.  
 (g)      Company    means Eiger BioPharmaceuticals, Inc., a Delaware corporation.  
 (h)    Contributions    means the payroll deductions and other additional payments specifically provided for in the Offering that a Participant contributes to fund the exercise of a Purchase Right. A Participant may make additional payments into his or her account if specifically provided for in the Offering, and then only if the Participant has not already had the maximum permitted amount withheld during the Offering through payroll deductions.  
 (i)      Corporate Transaction    means the consummation, in a single transaction or in a series of related transactions, of any one or more of the following events:  
 (i)   a sale   or other disposition of all or substantially all, as determined by the Board in its sole discretion, of the consolidated assets of the Company and its Subsidiaries;  
 (ii)   a sale or other disposition of more than 50% of the outstanding securities of the Company;  
 (iii)   a merger, consolidation or similar transaction following which the Company is not the surviving corporation; or  
 (iv)   a merger, consolidation or similar transaction following which the Company is the surviving corporation but the shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately preceding the merger, consolidation or similar transaction are converted or exchanged by virtue of the merger, consolidation or similar transaction into other property, whether in the form of securities, cash or otherwise.  
 (j)      Director        means a member of the Board.  
 (k)      Eligible Employee        means an Employee who meets the requirements set forth in the document(s) governing the Offering for eligibility to participate in the Offering, provided that such Employee also meets the requirements for eligibility to participate set forth in the Plan.  
 10 

(l)       Employee        means any person, including an Officer or Director, who is  employed  for purposes of Section 423(b)(4) of the Code by the Company or a Related Corporation.  However, service solely as a Director, or payment of a fee for such services, will not cause a Director to be considered an  Employee  for purposes of the Plan.    
 (m)      Employee Stock Purchase Plan        means a plan that grants Purchase Rights intended to be options issued under an  employee stock purchase plan,  as that term is defined in Section 423(b) of the Code.  
 (n)      Exchange Act        means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.  
 (o)      Fair Market Value    means, as of any date, the value of the Common Stock determined as follows:  
 (i)   If the Common Stock is listed on any established stock exchange or traded on any established market, the Fair Market Value of a share of Common Stock will be the   closing sales price   for such stock as quoted on such exchange or market (or the exchange or market with the greatest volume of trading in the Common Stock)   on the date of determination  , as reported in such source as the Board deems reliable.  Unless otherwise provided by the Board, if there is no closing sales price for the Common Stock on the date of determination, then the Fair Market Value will be the closing sales price on the last preceding date for which such quotation exists.  
 (ii)   In the absence of such markets for the Common Stock, the Fair Market Value will be determined by the Board in good faith in compliance with applicable laws and in a manner that complies with Sections 409A of the Code.  
 (iii)   Notwithstanding the foregoing, for any Offering that commences on the IPO Date, the Fair Market Value of the shares of Common Stock on the Offering Date will be the price per share at which shares are first sold to the public in the Company s initial public offering as specified in the final prospectus for that initial public offering.  
 (p)      IPO Date        means the date of the underwriting agreement between the Company and the underwriter(s) managing the initial public offering of the Common Stock, pursuant to which the Common Stock is priced for the initial public offering.  
 (q)      Offering        means the grant to Eligible Employees of Purchase Rights, with the exercise of those Purchase Rights automatically occurring at the end of one or more Purchase Periods. The terms and conditions of an Offering will generally be set forth in the    Offering Document    approved by the Board for that Offering.  
 (r)      Offering Date    means a date selected by the Board for an Offering to commence.  
 (s)      Officer      means   a person who is an officer of the Company or a Related Corporation within the meaning of Section 16 of the Exchange Act.  
 11 

(t)       Participant        means an Eligible Employee who holds an outstanding Purchase Right.  
 (u)      Plan        means this Eiger BioPharmaceuticals, Inc. 2013 Employee Stock Purchase Plan, as amended.  
 (v)      Purchase Date        means one or more dates during an Offering selected by the Board on which Purchase Rights will be exercised and on which purchases of shares of Common Stock will be carried out in accordance with such Offering.  
 (w)      Purchase Period    means a period of time specified within an Offering, generally beginning on the Offering Date or on the first Trading Day following a Purchase Date, and ending on a Purchase Date.  An Offering may consist of one or more Purchase Periods.  
 (x)      Purchase Right        means an option to purchase shares of Common Stock granted pursuant to the Plan.  
 (y)      Related Corporation        means any  parent corporation  or  subsidiary corporation  of the Company whether now or subsequently established, as those terms are defined in Sections 424(e) and (f), respectively, of the Code.  
 (z)      Securities Act        means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.  
 (aa)      Trading Day      means any day on which the exchange(s) or market(s) on which shares of Common Stock are listed, including but not limited to the NYSE, Nasdaq Global Select Market, the Nasdaq Global Market, the Nasdaq Capital Market or any successors thereto, is open for trading.  
   
 12  

</EX-10.1>

<EX-10.2>
 3
 eigr-ex102_216.htm
 EX-10.2

eigr-ex102_216.htm

Exhibit 10.2 
   
 Eiger BioPharmaceuticals, Inc. 
 Amended and Restated 2013 Equity Incentive Plan 
 Adopted by the Board of Directors:  September 3, 2013 
 Approved by the Stockholders:  October 10, 2013 
 Amended by the Board of Directors: September 11, 2013 
 Approved by the Stockholders: October 9, 2013 
 Amended by the Board of Directors: October 15, 2013 
 Approved by the Stockholders: October 21, 2013 
 Amended by the Board of Directors: October 29, 2013 
 Amended by the Board of Directors: January 21, 2014 
 Approved by the Stockholders: January 27, 2014 
 IPO Date: February 4, 2014  
 Amended and Restated by the Board of Directors: June 1, 2016  
 Approved by the Stockholders: August 29, 2016 
 Effective Date of Amendment and Restatement:  August 29, 2016  
   1.     General.  
   Successor to and Continuation of Prior Plan.   The Restated Plan is intended as the successor to and continuation of the Celladon Corporation 2012 Equity Incentive Plan, as amended (the    2012 Plan   ) and the Eiger BioPharmaceuticals, Inc. 2009 Equity Incentive Plan (the    2009 Plan   ) and the successor to the Celladon Corporation 2001 Stock Option Plan (the    2001 Plan    and, together with the 2012 Plan, the    Prior Plans Before the Restatement    and, together with the 2012 Plan and 2009 Plan, the    Prior Plans   ).  All Stock Awards granted on or after 12:01 a.m. Pacific Time on the Restatement Date will be granted under this Restated Plan. All outstanding stock awards granted under the Prior Plans will remain subject to the terms of the Prior Plans and the applicable award agreement. All outstanding stock awards granted under the Original Plan prior to the Restatement Date shall remain subject to the terms of the Original Plan and the applicable award agreement. All Awards granted on or after the Restatement Date shall be subject to the terms of this Restated Plan and the applicable award agreement.  
   (i)   Any shares that remained available for future grants under the 2012 Plan prior to the IPO Date (the    2012 Plan s Available Reserve   ) ceased to be available under the 2012 Plan at such time.  Instead, that number of shares of Common Stock equal to the 2012 Plan s Available Reserve has been added to the Share Reserve (as further described in Section 3(a) below) and became immediately available for grants and issuance pursuant to Stock Awards hereunder, up to the maximum number set forth in Section 3(a) below.  
   (ii)   Any shares that would otherwise remain available for future grants under the 2009 Plan as of 12:01 a.m. Pacific Time on the Restatement Date (the    2009 Plan s Available Reserve   ) will cease to be available under the 2009 Plan at such time.  Instead, that number of shares of Common Stock equal to the 2009 Plan s Available Reserve will be added to the Share Reserve (as further described in Section 3(a) below) and will be immediately available   
 1. 

for grants and issuance pursuant to Stock Awards hereunder, up to the maximum number set forth in Section 3(a) below.  
 (iii)   In addition, from and after 12:01 a.m. Pacific time on the Effective Date, with respect to the aggregate number of shares subject, at such time, to outstanding stock awards granted under the Prior Plans Before the Restatement that (1) expire or terminate for any reason prior to exercise or settlement; (2) are forfeited because of the failure to meet a contingency or condition required to vest such shares or otherwise return to the Company; or (3) are reacquired, withheld (or not issued) to satisfy a tax withholding obligation in connection with an award or to satisfy the purchase price or exercise price of a stock award (such shares, the    2012 Plan and 2001 Plan Returning Shares   ) will immediately be added to the Share Reserve (as further described in Section 3(a) below) as and when such a share becomes a 2012 Plan and 2001 Plan Returning Share, up to the maximum number set forth in Section 3(a) below.  
 (iv)   Additionally, from and after 12:01 a.m. Pacific time on the Restatement Date, with respect to the aggregate number of shares subject, at such time, to outstanding stock awards granted under the 2009 Plan that (1) expire or terminate for any reason prior to exercise or settlement; (2) are forfeited because of the failure to meet a contingency or condition required to vest such shares or otherwise return to the Company; or (3) are reacquired, withheld (or not issued) to satisfy a tax withholding obligation in connection with an award or to satisfy the purchase price or exercise price of a stock award (such shares the    2009 Plan Returning Shares   ) will immediately be added to the Share Reserve (as further described in Section 3(a) below) as and when such a share becomes a 2009 Plan Returning Share, up to the maximum number set forth in Section 3(a) below.  
 (b)  Eligible Award Recipients.   Employees, Directors and Consultants are eligible to receive Awards.  
   (c)  Available Awards.   The Restated Plan provides for the grant of the following Awards: (i) Incentive Stock Options, (ii) Nonstatutory Stock Options, (iii) Stock Appreciation Rights, (iv) Restricted Stock Awards, (v) Restricted Stock Unit Awards, (vi) Performance Stock Awards, (vii) Performance Cash Awards, and (viii) Other Stock Awards.  
   (d)   Purpose.    The Restated Plan, through the grant of Awards, is intended to help the Company secure and retain the services of eligible award recipients, provide incentives for such persons to exert maximum efforts for the success of the Company and any Affiliate, and provide a means by which the eligible recipients may benefit from increases in value of the Common Stock.  
   2.   Administration.  
 (a)   Administration by Board.    The Board will administer the Restated Plan.  The Board may delegate administration of the Restated Plan to a Committee or Committees, as provided in Section 2(c).  
 (b)   Powers of Board.    The Board will have the power, subject to, and within the limitations of, the express provisions of the Restated Plan:  
 2. 

(i)    To determine: (A) who will be granted Awards; (B) when and how each Award will be granted; (C) what type of Award will be granted; (D) the provisions of each Award (which need not be identical), including when a person will be permitted to exercise or otherwise receive cash or Common Stock under the Award; (E) the number of shares of Common Stock subject to, or the cash value of, an Award; and (F) the Fair Market Value applicable to a Stock Award.  
 (ii)   To construe and interpret the Restated Plan and Awards granted under it, and to establish, amend and revoke rules and regulations for administration of the Restated Plan and Awards.  The Board, in the exercise of these powers, may correct any defect, omission or inconsistency in the Restated Plan or in any Award Agreement or in the written terms of a Performance Cash Award, in a manner and to the extent it will deem necessary or expedient to make the Restated Plan or Award fully effective.  
 (iii)   To settle all controversies regarding the Restated Plan and Awards granted under it.  
 (iv)   To accelerate, in whole or in part, the time at which an Award may be exercised or vest (or the time at which cash or shares of Common Stock may be issued in settlement thereof).  
   (v)   To suspend or terminate the Restated Plan at any time.  Except as otherwise provided in the Restated Plan or an Award Agreement, suspension or termination of the Restated Plan will not materially impair a Participant s rights under the Participant s then-outstanding Award without the Participant s written consent, except as provided in subsection (viii) below.  
   (vi)     To amend the Restated Plan in any respect the Board deems necessary or advisable, including, without limitation, by adopting amendments relating to Incentive Stock Options and certain nonqualified deferred compensation under Section 409A of the Code and/or bringing the Restated Plan or Awards granted under the Restated Plan    into compliance with the requirements for Incentive Stock Options or ensuring that they are exempt from, or compliant with, the requirements for nonqualified deferred compensation under Section 409A of the Code   , subject to the limitations, if any, of applicable law.  If required by applicable law or listing requirements, and except as provided in Section 9(a) relating to Capitalization Adjustments, the Company will seek stockholder approval of any amendment of the Restated Plan that (A) materially increases the number of shares of Common Stock available for issuance under the Restated Plan, (B) materially expands the class of individuals eligible to receive Awards under the Restated Plan, (C) materially increases the benefits accruing to Participants under the Restated Plan, (D) materially reduces the price at which shares of Common Stock may be issued or purchased under the Restated Plan, (E) materially extends the term of the Restated Plan, or (F) materially expands the types of Awards available for issuance under the Restated Plan. Except as otherwise provided in the Restated Plan or an Award Agreement, no amendment of the Restated Plan will materially impair a Participant s rights under an outstanding Award without the Participant s written consent.  
 3. 

(vii)    To   submit any amendment to the Restated Plan for stockholder approval, including, but not limited to, amendments to the Restated Plan intended to satisfy the requirements of (A) Section 162(m) of the Code regarding the exclusion of performance-based compensation from the limit on corporate deductibility of compensation paid to Covered Employees, (B) Section 422 of the Code regarding  incentive stock options  or (C) Rule 16b-3.  
 (viii)   To approve forms of Award Agreements for use under the Restated Plan and to amend the terms of any one or more Awards, including, but not limited to, amendments to provide terms more favorable to the Participant than previously provided in the Award Agreement, subject to any specified limits in the Restated Plan that are not subject to Board discretion;   provided, however,   that a Participant s rights under any Award will not be impaired by any such amendment unless (A) the Company requests the consent of the affected Participant, and (B) such Participant consents in writing.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, (1) a Participant s rights will not be deemed to have been impaired by any such amendment if the Board, in its sole discretion, determines that the amendment, taken as a whole, does not materially impair the Participant s rights, and (2) subject to the limitations of applicable law, if any, the Board may amend the terms of any one or more Awards without the affected Participant s consent (A) to maintain the qualified status of the Award as an Incentive Stock Option under Section 422 of the Code; (B) to change the terms of an Incentive Stock Option, if such change results in impairment of the Award solely because it impairs the qualified status of the Award as an Incentive Stock Option under Section 422 of the Code; (C) to clarify the manner of exemption from, or to bring the Award into compliance with, Section 409A of the Code; or (D) to comply with other applicable laws or listing requirements.  
 (ix)   Generally, to exercise such powers and to perform such acts as the Board deems necessary or expedient to promote the best interests of the Company and that are not in conflict with the provisions of the Restated Plan or Awards.  
 (x)   To adopt such procedures and sub-plans as are necessary or appropriate to permit participation in the Restated Plan by Employees, Directors or Consultants who are foreign nationals or employed outside the United States (provided that Board approval will not be necessary for immaterial modifications to the Restated Plan or any Award Agreement that are required for compliance with the laws of the relevant foreign jurisdiction).  
 (xi)   To effect, with the consent of any adversely affected Participant, (A) the reduction of the exercise, purchase or strike price of any outstanding Stock Award; (B) the cancellation of any outstanding Stock Award and the grant in substitution therefor of a new (1) Option or SAR, (2)  Restricted Stock Award, (3)   Restricted Stock Unit Award, (4) Other Stock Award, (5) cash and/or (6) other valuable consideration determined by the Board, in its sole discretion, with any such substituted award (x) covering   the same or a different number of shares of Common Stock as the cancelled Stock Award and (y) granted under the Restated Plan or another equity or compensatory plan of the Company  ;   or (C) any other action that is treated as a repricing under generally accepted accounting principles.  
 4. 

(c)    Delegation to Committee.  
   (i)  General.   The Board may delegate some or all of the administration of the Restated Plan to a Committee or Committees.  If administration of the Restated Plan is delegated to a Committee, the Committee will have, in connection with the administration of the Restated Plan, the powers theretofore possessed by the Board that have been delegated to the Committee, including the power to delegate to a subcommittee of the Committee any of the administrative powers the Committee is authorized to exercise (and references in this Restated Plan to the Board will thereafter be to the Committee or subcommittee, as applicable).  Any delegation of administrative powers will be reflected in resolutions, not inconsistent with the provisions of the Restated Plan, adopted from time to time by the Board or Committee (as applicable).  The Board may retain the authority to concurrently administer the Restated Plan with the Committee and may, at any time, revest in the Board some or all of the powers previously delegated.  
   (ii)  Section 162(m) and Rule 16b-3 Compliance.   The Committee may consist solely of two or more Outside Directors, in accordance with Section 162(m) of the Code, or solely of two or more Non-Employee Directors, in accordance with Rule 16b-3.  
     (d)   Delegation to an Officer.    The Board may delegate to one (1) or more Officers the authority to do one or both of the following (i) designate Employees who are not Officers to be recipients of Options and SARs (and, to the extent permitted by applicable law, other Stock Awards) and, to the extent permitted by applicable law, the terms of such Awards, and (ii) determine the number of shares of Common Stock to be subject to such Stock Awards granted to such Employees;   provided, however  ,     that the Board resolutions regarding such delegation will specify the total number of shares of Common Stock that may be subject to the Stock Awards granted by such Officer and that such Officer may not grant a Stock Award to himself or herself.  Any such Stock Awards will be granted on the form of Stock Award Agreement most recently approved for use by the Committee or the Board, unless otherwise provided in the resolutions approving the delegation authority.  The Board may not delegate authority to an Officer who is acting solely in the capacity of an Officer (and not also as a Director) to determine the Fair Market Value pursuant to Section 13(y)(iii) below.  
 (e)   Effect of Board s Decision.   All determinations, interpretations and constructions made by the Board in good faith will not be subject to review by any person and will be final, binding and conclusive on all persons.  
   3.   Shares Subject to the Restated Plan.  
             (a)           Share Reserve.    
                 (i)   Subject to Section 9(a) relating to Capitalization Adjustments, and the following sentence regarding the annual increase, the aggregate number of shares of Common Stock that may be issued pursuant to Stock Awards will not exceed the sum of (i) 98,249 new shares that were approved on September 3, 2013,   plus   (ii) 1,296,683 new shares that were approved on August 29, 2016,   plus   (iii) the number of shares subject to the 2012 Plan s Available Reserve,   plus   (iv) the number of shares subject to the 2009 Plan s Available Reserve,   plus   (v) an aggregate of 158,149 new shares added pursuant to automatic increases that occurred   
 5. 

on January 1, 2015 and January 1, 2016,   plus   (vi) the number of shares that are 2012 Plan and 2001 Plan Returning Shares, as such shares become available from time to time,   plus   (vii) the number of shares that are 2009 Plan Returning Shares, as such shares become available from time to time (such aggregate number of shares, the    Share Reserve   ).         For clarity, the Share Reserve in this Section     3(a)         is a limitation on the number of shares of Common Stock that may be issued pursuant to the Restated Plan.  Accordingly, this Section     3(a)         does not limit the granting of Stock Awards except as provided in Section       7(a)  .  
     (ii)   In addition, the Share Reserve will automatically increase on the first day of each fiscal year, for a period of not more than ten years from the date the Restated Plan is approved by the stockholders of the Company, commencing on the first day of the fiscal year following the year in which the Restatement Date occurs, in an amount equal to 5% of the total number of shares of Capital Stock outstanding on the last day of the preceding fiscal year.      Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Board may act prior to the first day of a given fiscal year to provide that there will be no increase in the Share Reserve for such year or that the increase in the Share Reserve for such year will be a lesser number of shares of Common Stock than would otherwise occur pursuant to the preceding sentence.  For clarity, the Share Reserve in this Section 3(a) is a limitation on the number of shares of Common Stock that may be issued pursuant to the Restated Plan.  Accordingly, this Section 3(a) does not limit the granting of Stock Awards except as provided in Section 7(a).  Shares may be issued under the terms of this Restated Plan in connection with a merger or acquisition as permitted by NASDAQ Listing Rule 5635(c) or, if applicable, NYSE Listed Company Manual Section 303A.08, AMEX Company Guide Section 711 or other applicable rule, and such issuance will not reduce the number of shares available for issuance under the Restated Plan.    
   (b)   Reversion of Shares to the Share Reserve.    If a Stock Award or any portion thereof (i) expires or otherwise terminates without all of the shares covered by such Stock Award having been issued or (ii) is settled in cash (  i.e.  , the Participant receives cash rather than stock), such expiration, termination or settlement will not reduce (or otherwise offset) the number of shares of Common Stock that may be available for issuance under the Restated Plan.  If any shares of Common Stock issued pursuant to a Stock Award are forfeited back to or repurchased by the Company because of the failure to meet a contingency or condition required to vest such shares in the Participant, then the shares that are forfeited or repurchased will revert to and again become available for issuance under the Restated Plan.  Any shares reacquired by the Company in satisfaction of tax withholding obligations on a Stock Award or as consideration for the exercise or purchase price of a Stock Award will again become available for issuance under the Restated Plan.  
   (c)   Incentive Stock Option Limit.    Subject to the provisions of Section 9(a) relating to Capitalization Adjustments, the aggregate maximum number of shares of Common Stock that may be issued pursuant to the exercise of Incentive Stock Options will be 10,000,000 shares of Common Stock.    
     (d)   Section 162(m) Limitations  .  Subject to the provisions of Section 9(a) relating to Capitalization Adjustments, at such time as the Company may be subject to the applicable provisions of Section 162(m) of the Code, the following limitations shall apply.  
 6. 

(i)    A maximum of 1,000,000 shares of Common Stock subject to     Options, SARs and Other Stock Awards whose value is determined by reference to an increase over an exercise or strike price of at least 100% of the Fair Market Value on the date the Stock Award is granted may be granted to any one Participant during any one calendar year.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, if   any additional Options, SARs or Other Stock Awards whose value is determined by reference to an increase over an exercise or strike price of at least 100% of the Fair Market Value on the date the Stock Award are granted to any Participant during any calendar year, compensation attributable to the exercise of such additional Stock Awards will not satisfy the requirements to be considered  qualified performance-based compensation  under Section 162(m) of the Code unless such additional Stock Award is approved by the Company s stockholders.  
 (ii)   A maximum of 1,000,000 shares of Common Stock subject to Performance Stock Awards may be granted to any one Participant during any one calendar year (whether the grant, vesting or exercise is contingent upon the attainment during the Performance Period of the Performance Goals).  
 (iii)    A maximum of $2,000,000 may be granted as a Performance Cash Award to any one Participant during any one calendar year.   
     (e)   Limitation on Grants to Non-Employee Directors.   The maximum number of shares of Common Stock subject to Stock Awards granted under the Restated Plan or otherwise during any one fiscal year to any Non-Employee Director, taken together with any cash fees paid by the Company to such Non-Employee Director during such fiscal year for service on the Board, will not exceed $300,000 in total value (calculating the value of any such Stock Awards based on the grant date fair value of such Stock Awards for financial reporting purposes). The Board may make exceptions to the applicable limit in this Section 3(e) for individual Non-Employee Directors in extraordinary circumstances (for example, to compensate such individual for interim service in the capacity of an officer of the Company), as Board may determine in its discretion, provided that the Non-Employee Director receiving such additional compensation may not participate in the decision to award such compensation.  
 (f)   Source of Shares.    The stock issuable under the Restated Plan will be shares of authorized but unissued or reacquired Common Stock, including shares repurchased by the Company on the open market or otherwise.  
 4.   Eligibility.  
   (a)   Eligibility for Specific Stock Awards  .  Incentive Stock Options may be granted only to employees of the Company or a  parent corporation  or  subsidiary corporation  thereof (as such terms are defined in Sections 424(e) and 424(f) of the Code).  Stock Awards other than Incentive Stock Options may be granted to Employees, Directors and Consultants;   provided, however  , that Stock Awards may not be granted to Employees, Directors and Consultants who are providing Continuous Service only to any  parent  of the Company, as such term is defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act, unless (i) the stock underlying such Stock Awards is treated as  service recipient stock  under Section 409A of the Code (for example, because the Stock Awards are granted pursuant to a corporate transaction such as a spin off transaction), (ii) the   
 7. 

Company, in consultation with its legal counsel, has determined that such Stock Awards are otherwise exempt from Section 409A of the Code, or (iii) the Company, in consultation with its legal counsel, has determined that such Stock Awards comply with the distribution requirements of Section 409A of the Code.  
   (b)   Ten Percent Stockholders.    A Ten Percent Stockholder will not be granted an Incentive Stock Option unless the exercise price of such Option is at least 110% of the Fair Market Value on the date of grant and the Option is not exercisable after the expiration of five years from the date of grant.  
     5.   Provisions Relating to Options and Stock Appreciation Rights.  
 Each Option or SAR will be in such form and will contain such terms and conditions as the Board deems appropriate.  All Options will be separately designated Incentive Stock Options or Nonstatutory Stock Options at the time of grant, and, if certificates are issued, a separate certificate or certificates will be issued for shares of Common Stock purchased on exercise of each type of Option.  If an Option is not specifically designated as an Incentive Stock Option, or if an Option is designated as an Incentive Stock Option but some portion or all of the Option fails to qualify as an Incentive Stock Option under the applicable rules, then the Option (or portion thereof) will be a Nonstatutory Stock Option. The provisions of separate Options or SARs need not be identical;  provided, however , that each Award Agreement will conform to (through incorporation of provisions hereof by reference in the applicable Award Agreement or otherwise) the substance of each of the following provisions: 
 (a)   Term.    Subject to the provisions of Section 4(b) regarding Ten Percent Stockholders, no Option or SAR will be exercisable after the expiration of ten years from the date of its grant or such shorter period specified in the Award Agreement.  
 (b)   Exercise Price.    Subject to the provisions of Section 4(b) regarding Ten Percent Stockholders, the exercise or strike price of each Option or SAR will be not less than 100% of the Fair Market Value of the Common Stock subject to the Option or SAR on the date the Award is granted.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, an Option or SAR may be granted with an exercise or strike price lower than 100% of the Fair Market Value of the Common Stock subject to the Award if such Award is granted pursuant to an assumption of or substitution for another option or stock appreciation right pursuant to a Corporate Transaction and in a manner consistent with the provisions of Section 409A and, if applicable, Section 424(a) of the Code.    Each SAR will be denominated in shares of Common Stock equivalents.  
   (c)   Purchase Price for Options.    The purchase price of Common Stock acquired pursuant to the exercise of an Option may be paid, to the extent permitted by applicable law and as determined by the Board in its sole discretion, by any combination of the methods of payment set forth below.  The Board will have the authority to grant Options that do not permit all of the following methods of payment (or otherwise restrict the ability to use certain methods) and to grant Options that require the consent of the Company to use a particular method of payment.  The permitted methods of payment are as follows:  
 (i)   by cash, check, bank draft or money order payable to the Company;  
 8. 

(ii)    pursuant to a program developed under Regulation T as promulgated by the Federal Reserve Board that, prior to the issuance of the stock subject to the Option, results in either the receipt of cash (or check) by the Company or the receipt of irrevocable instructions to pay the aggregate exercise price to the Company from the sales proceeds;  
 (iii)   by delivery to the Company (either by actual delivery or attestation) of shares of Common Stock;  
 (iv)   if an Option is a Nonstatutory Stock Option, by a  net exercise  arrangement pursuant to which the Company will reduce the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise by the largest whole number of shares with a Fair Market Value that does not exceed the aggregate exercise price;   provided, however  , that the Company will accept a cash or other payment from the Participant to the extent of any remaining balance of the aggregate exercise price not satisfied by such reduction in the number of whole shares to be issued.  Shares of Common Stock will no longer be subject to an Option and will not be exercisable thereafter to the extent that (A) shares issuable upon exercise are used to pay the exercise price pursuant to the  net exercise,  (B) shares are delivered to the Participant as a result of such exercise, and (C) shares are withheld to satisfy tax withholding obligations; or  
 (v)   in any other form of legal consideration that may be acceptable to the Board and specified in the applicable Award Agreement.  
               (d)   Exercise and Payment of a SAR.      To exercise any outstanding SAR, the Participant must provide written notice of exercise to the Company in compliance with the provisions of the Stock Appreciation Right Agreement evidencing such SAR.  The appreciation distribution payable on the exercise of a SAR will be not greater than an amount equal to the excess of (A) the aggregate Fair Market Value (on the date of the exercise of the SAR) of a number of shares of Common Stock equal to the number of Common Stock equivalents in which the Participant is vested under such SAR, and with respect to which the Participant is exercising the SAR on such date, over (B) the      aggregate      strike price      of the number of Common Stock equivalents with respect to which the Participant is exercising the SAR on such date         .  The appreciation distribution may be paid in Common Stock, in cash, in any combination of the two or in any other form of consideration, as determined by the Board and contained in the Award Agreement evidencing such SAR.  
 (e)   Transferability of Options and SARs.    The Board may, in its sole discretion, impose such limitations on the transferability of Options and SARs as the Board will determine.  In the absence of such a determination by the Board to the contrary, the following restrictions on the transferability of Options and SARs will apply:  
 (i)   Restrictions on Transfer.    An Option or SAR will not be transferable except by will or by the laws of descent and distribution (or pursuant to subsections (ii) and (iii) below), and will be exercisable during the lifetime of the Participant only by the Participant.  The Board may permit transfer of the Option or SAR in a manner that is not prohibited by applicable tax and securities laws.  Except as explicitly provided in the Restated Plan, neither an Option nor a SAR may be transferred for consideration.   
 9. 

(ii)    Domestic Relations Orders.    Subject to the approval of the Board or a duly authorized Officer, an Option or SAR may be transferred pursuant to the terms of a domestic relations order, official marital settlement agreement          or other divorce or separation instrument as permitted by Treasury Regulations Section 1.421-1(b)(2)     or comparable local law   .  If an Option is an Incentive Stock Option, such Option may be deemed to be a Nonstatutory Stock Option as a result of such transfer.   
 (iii)   Beneficiary Designation.    Subject to the approval of the Board or a duly authorized Officer, a Participant may, by delivering written notice to the Company, in a form approved by the Company (or the designated broker), designate a third party who, on the death of the Participant, will thereafter be entitled to exercise the Option or SAR and receive the Common Stock or other consideration resulting from such exercise.  In the absence of such a designation, upon the death of the Participant, the executor or administrator of the Participant s estate will be entitled to exercise the Option or SAR and receive the Common Stock or other consideration resulting from such exercise. However, the Company may prohibit designation of a beneficiary at any time, including due to any conclusion by the Company that such designation would be inconsistent with the provisions of applicable laws.  
   (f)   Vesting Generally.    The total number of shares of Common Stock subject to an Option or SAR may vest and become exercisable in periodic installments that may or may not be equal.  The Option or SAR may be subject to such other terms and conditions on the time or times when it may or may not be exercised (which may be based on the satisfaction of Performance Goals or other criteria) as the Board may deem appropriate.  The vesting provisions of individual Options or SARs may vary.  The provisions of this Section 5(f) are subject to any Option or SAR provisions governing the minimum number of shares of Common Stock as to which an Option or SAR may be exercised.  
   (g)  Termination of Continuous Service.     Except as otherwise provided in the applicable Award Agreement or other agreement between the Participant and the Company, if a Participant s Continuous Service terminates (other than for Cause and other than upon the Participant s death or Disability), the Participant may exercise his or her Option or SAR (to the extent that the Participant was entitled to exercise such Award as of the date of termination of Continuous Service) within the period of time ending on the earlier of (i) the date three months following the termination of the Participant s Continuous Service    (or such longer or shorter period specified in the applicable Award Agreement),    and (ii) the expiration of the term of the Option or SAR as set forth in the Award Agreement.  If, after termination of Continuous Service, the Participant does not exercise his or her Option or SAR (as applicable) within the applicable time frame, the Option or SAR will terminate.  
         (h)  Extension of Termination Date.   If the exercise of an Option or SAR following the termination of the Participant s Continuous Service (other than for Cause and other than upon the Participant s death or Disability) would be prohibited at any time solely because the issuance of shares of Common Stock would violate the registration requirements under the Securities Act, then the Option or SAR will terminate on the earlier of (i) the expiration of a total period of time (that need not be consecutive) equal to the applicable post termination exercise period after the termination of the Participant s Continuous Service during which the exercise of the Option or SAR would not be in violation of such registration requirements, and (ii) the expiration of the   
 10. 

term of the Option or SAR as set forth in the applicable Award Agreement.    In addition, unless otherwise provided in a Participant s Award Agreement, if the sale of any Common Stock received on exercise of an Option or SAR following the termination of the Participant s Continuous Service (other than for Cause) would violate the Company s insider trading policy, then the Option or SAR will terminate on the earlier of (i) the expiration of a period of months (that need not be consecutive) equal to the applicable post-termination exercise period after the termination of the Participant s Continuous Service during which the sale of the Common Stock received upon exercise of the Option or SAR would not be in violation of the Company s insider trading policy, or (ii) the expiration of the term of the Option or SAR as set forth in the applicable Award Agreement.  
     (i)  Disability of Participant.     Except as otherwise provided in the applicable Award Agreement or other agreement between the Participant and the Company, if a Participant s Continuous Service terminates as a result of the Participant s Disability, the Participant may exercise his or her Option or SAR (to the extent that the Participant was entitled to exercise such Option or SAR as of the date of termination of Continuous Service), but only within such period of time ending on the earlier of (i) the date 12 months following such termination of Continuous Service    (or such longer or shorter period specified in the Award Agreement),      and (ii) the expiration of the term of the Option or SAR as set forth in the Award Agreement.  If, after termination of Continuous Service, the Participant does not exercise his or her Option or SAR within the applicable time frame, the Option or SAR (as applicable) will terminate.  
       (j)  Death of Participant.     Except as otherwise provided in the applicable Award Agreement or other agreement between the Participant and the Company, if   (i) a Participant s Continuous Service terminates as a result of the Participant s death, or (ii) the Participant dies within the period (if any) specified in the Award Agreement for exercisability after the termination of the Participant s Continuous Service for a reason other than death, then the Option or SAR may be exercised (to the extent the Participant was entitled to exercise such Option or SAR as of the date of death) by the Participant s estate, by a person who acquired the right to exercise the Option or SAR by bequest or inheritance or by a person designated to exercise the Option or SAR upon the Participant s death, but only within the period ending on the earlier of (i) the date 18 months following the date of death    (or such longer or shorter period specified in the Award Agreement),      and (ii) the expiration of the term of such Option or SAR as set forth in the Award Agreement.  If, after the Participant s death, the Option or SAR is not exercised within the applicable time frame, the Option or SAR (as applicable) will terminate.  
       (k)  Termination for Cause.   Except as explicitly provided otherwise in a Participant s Award Agreement        or other individual written agreement between the Company or any Affiliate and the Participant   , if a Participant s Continuous Service is terminated for Cause, the Option or SAR will terminate immediately upon such Participant s termination of Continuous Service, and the Participant will be prohibited from exercising his or her Option or SAR from and after the date of such termination of Continuous Service.  
   (l)   Non-Exempt Employees  .  If an Option or SAR is granted to an Employee who is a non-exempt employee for purposes of the Fair Labor Standards Act of 1938, as amended, the Option or SAR will not be first exercisable for any shares of Common Stock until at least six months following the date of grant of the Option or SAR (although the Award may vest prior to   
 11. 

such date). Consistent with the provisions of the Worker Economic Opportunity Act, (i)   if such non-exempt Employee dies or suffers a Disability, (ii) upon a Corporate Transaction in which such Option or SAR is not assumed, continued, or substituted, (iii) upon a Change in Control, or (iv) upon the Participant s retirement (as such term may be defined in the Participant s Award Agreement in another agreement between the Participant and the Company, or, if no such definition, in accordance with the Company's then current employment policies and guidelines), the vested portion of any   Options and SARs may be exercised earlier than six months following the date of grant.  The foregoing provision is intended to operate so that any income derived by a non-exempt employee in connection with the exercise or vesting of an Option or SAR will be exempt from his or her regular rate of pay.  To the extent permitted and/or required for compliance with the Worker Economic Opportunity Act to ensure that any income derived by a non-exempt employee in connection with the exercise, vesting or issuance of any shares under any other Stock Award will be exempt from the employee s regular rate of pay, the provisions of this Section 5(l) will apply to all Stock Awards and are hereby incorporated by reference into such Stock Award Agreements.  
     6.   Provisions of Stock Awards other than Options and SARs.  
     (a)   Restricted Stock Awards.    Each Restricted Stock Award Agreement will be in such form and will contain such terms and conditions as the Board will deem appropriate.    To the extent consistent with the Company s bylaws, at   the Board s election, shares of Common Stock underlying a Restricted Stock Award may be (x) held in book entry form subject to the Company s instructions until any restrictions relating to the Restricted Stock Award lapse; or (y) evidenced by a certificate, which certificate will be held in such form and manner as determined by the Board.  The terms and conditions of Restricted Stock Award Agreements may change from time to time, and the terms and conditions of separate Restricted Stock Award Agreements need not be identical.  Each Restricted Stock Award Agreement will conform to (through incorporation of the provisions hereof by reference in the agreement or otherwise) the substance of each of the following provisions:  
 (i)   Consideration.    A Restricted Stock Award may be awarded in consideration for (A) cash, check, bank draft or money order payable to the Company, (B) past services to the Company or an Affiliate, or (C) any other form of legal consideration (including future services) that may be acceptable to the Board, in its sole discretion, and permissible under applicable law.  
 (ii)   Vesting.    Shares of Common Stock awarded under the Restricted Stock Award Agreement may be subject to forfeiture to the Company in accordance with a vesting schedule to be determined by the Board.  
 (iii)   Termination of Participant s Continuous Service.    If a Participant s Continuous Service terminates, the Company may receive through a forfeiture condition or a repurchase right any or all of the shares of Common Stock held by the Participant that have not vested as of the date of termination of Continuous Service under the terms of the Restricted Stock Award Agreement.  
 12. 

(iv)    Transferability.    Rights to acquire shares of Common Stock under the Restricted Stock Award Agreement will be transferable by the Participant only upon such terms and conditions as are set forth in the Restricted Stock Award Agreement, as the Board will determine in its sole discretion, so long as Common Stock awarded under the Restricted Stock Award Agreement remains subject to the terms of the Restricted Stock Award Agreement.  
 (v)   Dividends.    A Restricted Stock Award Agreement may provide that any dividends paid on Restricted Stock will be subject to the same vesting and forfeiture restrictions as apply to the shares subject to the Restricted Stock Award to which they relate.  
   (b)  Restricted Stock Unit Awards.   Each Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement will be in such form and will contain such terms and conditions as the Board will deem appropriate.  The terms and conditions of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreements may change from time to time, and the terms and conditions of separate Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreements need not be identical.  Each Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement will conform to (through incorporation of the provisions hereof by reference in the Agreement or otherwise) the substance of each of the following provisions:  
   (i)  Consideration.   At the time of grant of a Restricted Stock Unit Award, the Board will determine the consideration, if any, to be paid by the Participant upon delivery of each share of Common Stock subject to the Restricted Stock Unit Award.  The consideration to be paid (if any) by the Participant for each share of Common Stock subject to a Restricted Stock Unit Award may be paid in any form of legal consideration that may be acceptable to the Board, in its sole discretion, and permissible under applicable law.  
   (ii)  Vesting.   At the time of the grant of a Restricted Stock Unit Award, the Board may impose such restrictions on or conditions to the vesting of the Restricted Stock Unit Award as it, in its sole discretion, deems appropriate.  
   (iii)  Payment .  A Restricted Stock Unit Award may be settled by the delivery of shares of Common Stock, their cash equivalent, any combination thereof or in any other form of consideration, as determined by the Board and contained in the Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement.  
   (iv)  Additional Restrictions.   At the time of the grant of a Restricted Stock Unit Award, the Board, as it deems appropriate, may impose such restrictions or conditions that delay the delivery of the shares of Common Stock (or their cash equivalent) subject to a Restricted Stock Unit Award to a time after the vesting of such Restricted Stock Unit Award.  
   (v)  Dividend Equivalents.   Dividend equivalents may be credited in respect of shares of Common Stock covered by a Restricted Stock Unit Award, as determined by the Board and contained in the Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement.  At the sole discretion of the Board, such dividend equivalents may be converted into additional shares of Common Stock covered by the Restricted Stock Unit Award in such manner as determined by the Board.  Any additional shares covered by the Restricted Stock Unit Award credited by reason of such dividend equivalents will be subject to all of the same terms and conditions of the underlying Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement to which they relate.  
 13. 

(vi)    Termination of Participant s Continuous Service.    Except as otherwise provided in the applicable Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement, such portion of the Restricted Stock Unit Award that has not vested will be forfeited upon the Participant s termination of Continuous Service.  
       (c)   Performance Awards  .  
         (i)   Performance Stock Awards  .  A Performance Stock Award is a Stock Award (covering a number of shares not in excess of that set forth in Section 3(d) above) that is payable (including that may be granted, may vest or may be exercised) contingent upon the attainment during a Performance Period of certain Performance Goals.  A Performance Stock Award may, but need not, require the Participant s completion of a specified period of Continuous Service. The length of any Performance Period, the Performance Goals to be achieved during the Performance Period, and the measure of whether and to what degree such Performance Goals have been attained will be conclusively determined by the Committee (or, if not required for compliance with Section 162(m) of the Code, the Board), in its sole discretion.  In addition, to the extent permitted by applicable law and the applicable Award Agreement, the Board may determine that cash may be used in payment of Performance Stock Awards.  
       (ii)   Performance Cash Awards  .  A Performance Cash Award is a cash award (for a dollar value not in excess of that set forth in Section 3(d) above) that is payable contingent upon the attainment during a Performance Period of certain Performance Goals.  A Performance Cash Award may also require the completion of a specified period of Continuous Service.  At the time of grant of a Performance Cash Award, the length of any Performance Period, the Performance Goals to be achieved during the Performance Period, and the measure of whether and to what degree such Performance Goals have been attained will be conclusively determined by the Committee (or, if not required for compliance with Section 162(m) of the Code, the Board), in its sole discretion.  The Board may specify the form of payment of Performance Cash Awards, which may be cash or other property, or may provide for a Participant to have the option for his or her Performance Cash Award, or such portion thereof as the Board may specify, to be paid in whole or in part in cash or other property.  
 (iii)   Board Discretion  .  The Board retains the discretion to reduce or eliminate the compensation or economic benefit due upon attainment of Performance Goals and to define the manner of calculating the Performance Criteria it selects to use for a Performance Period.  Partial achievement of the specified criteria may result in the payment or vesting corresponding to the degree of achievement as specified in the Stock Award Agreement or the written terms of a Performance Cash Award.  
   (iv)   Section 162(m) Compliance  .  Unless otherwise permitted in compliance with the requirements of Section 162(m) of the Code with respect to an Award intended to qualify as  performance-based compensation  thereunder, the Committee will establish the Performance Goals applicable to, and the formula for calculating the amount payable under, the Award no later than the earlier of (a) the date 90 days after the commencement of the applicable Performance Period, and (b) the date on which 25% of the Performance Period has elapsed, and in any event at a time when the achievement of the applicable Performance Goals remains substantially uncertain.  Prior to the payment of any compensation under an Award intended to   
 14. 

qualify as  performance-based compensation  under Section 162(m) of the Code, the Committee will certify the extent to which any Performance Goals and any other material terms under such Award have been satisfied (other than in cases where such Performance Goals relate solely to the increase in the value of the Common Stock).  Notwithstanding satisfaction of, or completion of any Performance Goals, the number of shares of Common Stock, Options, cash or other benefits granted, issued, retainable and/or vested under an Award on account of satisfaction of such Performance Goals may be reduced by the Committee on the basis of such further considerations as the Committee, in its sole discretion, will determine.  
   (d)  Other Stock Awards .    Other forms of Stock Awards valued in whole or in part by reference to, or otherwise based on, Common Stock, including the appreciation in value thereof (e.g., options or stock rights with an exercise price or strike price less than 100% of the Fair Market Value of the Common Stock at the time of grant) may be granted either alone or in addition to Stock Awards provided for under Section 5 and the preceding provisions of this Section 6.  Subject to the provisions of the Restated Plan, the Board will have sole and complete authority to determine the persons to whom and the time or times at which such Other Stock Awards will be granted, the number of shares of Common Stock (or the cash equivalent thereof) to be granted pursuant to such Other Stock Awards and all other terms and conditions of such Other Stock Awards.  
 7.   Covenants of the Company.  
   (a)   Availability of Shares.    The Company will keep available at all times the number of shares of Common Stock reasonably required to satisfy then-outstanding Awards.  
 (b)   Securities Law Compliance.    The Company will seek to obtain from each regulatory commission or agency having jurisdiction over the Restated Plan such authority as may be required to grant Stock Awards and to issue and sell shares of Common Stock upon exercise or vesting of the Stock Awards;   provided, however  , that this undertaking will not require the Company to register under the Securities Act or other applicable law, the Restated Plan, any Stock Award or any Common Stock issued or issuable pursuant to any such Stock Award.  If, after reasonable efforts and at a reasonable cost, the Company is unable to obtain from any such regulatory commission or agency the authority that counsel for the Company deems necessary for the lawful issuance and sale of Common Stock under the Restated Plan, the Company will be relieved from any liability for failure to issue and sell Common Stock upon exercise or vesting of such Stock Awards unless and until such authority is obtained. A Participant will not be eligible for the grant of an Award or the subsequent issuance of cash or Common Stock pursuant to the Award if such grant or issuance would be in violation of any applicable law.  
 (c)   No Obligation to Notify or Minimize Taxes.    The Company will have no duty or obligation to any Participant to advise such holder as to the time or manner of exercising such Stock Award.  Furthermore, the Company will have no duty or obligation to warn or otherwise advise such holder of a pending termination or expiration of an Award or a possible period in which the Award may not be exercised.  The Company has no duty or obligation to minimize the tax consequences of an Award to the holder of such Award.  
 15. 

8.    Miscellaneous.  
 (a)   Use of Proceeds from Sales of Common Stock.    Proceeds from the sale of shares of Common Stock pursuant to Awards will constitute general funds of the Company.  
 (b)   Corporate Action Constituting Grant of Awards.    Corporate action constituting a grant by the Company of an Award to any Participant will be deemed completed as of the date of such corporate action, unless otherwise determined by the Board, regardless of when the instrument, certificate, or letter evidencing the Award is communicated to, or actually received or accepted by, the Participant.  In the event that the corporate records (e.g., Board consents, resolutions or minutes) documenting the corporate action constituting the grant contain terms (e.g., exercise price, vesting schedule or number of shares) that are inconsistent with those in the Award Agreement or related grant documents as a result of a clerical error in the papering of the Award Agreement or related grant documents, the corporate records will control and the Participant will have no legally binding right to the incorrect term in the Award Agreement or related grant documents.    
 (c)   Stockholder Rights.    No Participant will be deemed to be the holder of, or to have any of the rights of a holder with respect to, any shares of Common Stock subject to an Award unless and until (i) such Participant has satisfied all requirements for exercise of, or the issuance of shares of Common Stock under, the Award pursuant to its terms, and (ii) the issuance of the Common Stock subject to such Award has been entered into the books and records of the Company.  
 (d)   No Employment or Other Service Rights.    Nothing in the Restated Plan, any Award Agreement or any other instrument executed thereunder or in connection with any Award granted pursuant thereto will confer upon any Participant any right to continue to serve the Company or an Affiliate in the capacity in effect at the time the Award was granted or will affect the right of the Company or an Affiliate to terminate (i) the employment of an Employee with or without notice and with or without cause, (ii) the service of a Consultant pursuant to the terms of such Consultant s agreement with the Company or an Affiliate, or (iii) the service of a Director pursuant to the bylaws of the Company or an Affiliate, and any applicable provisions of the corporate law of the state or foreign jurisdiction in which the Company or the Affiliate is domiciled or incorporated, as the case may be.  
 (e)   Change in Time Commitment.    In the event a Participant s regular level of time commitment in the performance of his or her services for the Company and any Affiliates is reduced (for example, and without limitation, if the Participant is an Employee of the Company and the Employee has a change in status from a full-time Employee to a part-time Employee or takes an extended leave of absence) after the date of grant of any Award to the Participant, the Board has the right in its sole discretion to (x) make a corresponding reduction in the number of shares or cash amount subject to any portion of such Award that is scheduled to vest or become payable after the date of such change in time commitment, and (y) in lieu of or in combination with such a reduction, extend the vesting or payment schedule applicable to such Award.  In the event of any such reduction, the Participant will have no right with respect to any portion of the Award that is so reduced or extended.   
 16. 

(f)    Incentive Stock Option Limitations.    To the extent that the aggregate Fair Market Value (determined at the time of grant) of Common Stock with respect to which Incentive Stock Options are exercisable for the first time by any Optionholder during any calendar year (under all plans of the Company and any Affiliates) exceeds $100,000 (or such other limit established in the Code) or otherwise does not comply with the rules governing Incentive Stock Options, the Options or portions thereof that exceed such limit (according to the order in which they were granted) or otherwise do not comply with such rules will be treated as Nonstatutory Stock Options, notwithstanding any contrary provision of the applicable Option Agreement(s).  
 (g)   Investment Assurances.    The Company may require a Participant, as a condition of exercising or acquiring Common Stock under any Award, (i) to give written assurances satisfactory to the Company as to the Participant s knowledge and experience in financial and business matters and/or to employ a purchaser representative reasonably satisfactory to the Company who is knowledgeable and experienced in financial and business matters and that such Participant is capable of evaluating, alone or together with the purchaser representative, the merits and risks of exercising the Award; and (ii) to give written assurances satisfactory to the Company stating that the Participant is acquiring Common Stock subject to the Award for the Participant s own account and not with any present intention of selling or otherwise distributing the Common Stock.  The foregoing requirements, and any assurances given pursuant to such requirements, will be inoperative if (A) the issuance of the shares upon the exercise or acquisition of Common Stock under the Award has been registered under a then currently effective registration statement under the Securities Act, or (B) as to any particular requirement, a determination is made by counsel for the Company that such requirement need not be met in the circumstances under the then applicable securities laws.  The Company may, upon advice of counsel to the Company, place legends on stock certificates issued under the Restated Plan as such counsel deems necessary or appropriate in order to comply with applicable securities laws, including, but not limited to, legends restricting the transfer of the Common Stock.  
   (h)   Withholding Obligations.      Unless prohibited by the terms of an Award Agreement, the Company may, in its sole discretion, satisfy any federal, state or local tax withholding obligation relating to an Award by any of the following means or by a combination of such means: (i) causing the Participant to tender a cash payment; (ii) withholding shares of Common Stock from the shares of Common Stock issued or otherwise issuable to the Participant in connection with the Award;   provided, however,   that no shares of Common Stock are withheld with a value exceeding the minimum amount of tax required to be withheld by law (or such lesser amount as may be necessary to avoid classification of the Stock Award as a liability for financial accounting purposes); (iii) withholding cash from an Award settled in cash; (iv) withholding payment from any amounts otherwise payable to the Participant; or (v) by such other method as may be set forth in the Award Agreement.  
 (i)   Electronic Delivery  .  Any reference herein to a  written  agreement or document will include any agreement or document delivered electronically, filed publicly at www.sec.gov (or any successor website thereto) or posted on the Company s intranet    (or other shared electronic medium controlled by the Company to which the Participant has access)   .  
 17. 

(j)    Deferrals.    To the extent permitted by applicable law, the Board, in its sole discretion, may determine that the delivery of Common Stock or the payment of cash, upon the exercise, vesting or settlement of all or a portion of any Award may be deferred and may establish programs and procedures for deferral elections to be made by Participants.  Deferrals by Participants will be made in accordance with Section 409A of the Code.  Consistent with Section 409A of the Code, the Board may provide for distributions while a Participant is still an employee or otherwise providing services to the Company.  The Board is authorized to make deferrals of Awards and determine when, and in what annual percentages, Participants may receive payments, including lump sum payments, following the Participant s termination of Continuous Service, and implement such other terms and conditions consistent with the provisions of the Restated Plan and in accordance with applicable law.  
 (k)   Compliance with Section 409A of the Code.    Unless otherwise expressly provided for in an Award Agreement, the Restated Plan and Award Agreements will be interpreted to the greatest extent possible in a manner that makes the Restated Plan and the Awards granted hereunder exempt from Section 409A of the Code, and, to the extent not so exempt, in compliance with Section 409A of the Code.  If the Board determines that any Award granted hereunder is not exempt from and is therefore subject to Section 409A of the Code, the Award Agreement evidencing such Award will incorporate the terms and conditions necessary to avoid the consequences specified in Section 409A(a)(1) of the Code, and to the extent an Award Agreement is silent on terms necessary for compliance, such terms are hereby incorporated by reference into the Award Agreement.  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Restated Plan (and unless the Award Agreement specifically provides otherwise), if the shares of Common Stock are publicly traded, and if a Participant holding an Award that constitutes  deferred compensation  under Section 409A of the Code is a  specified employee  for purposes of Section 409A of the Code, no distribution or payment of any amount that is due because of a  separation from service  (as defined in Section 409A of the Code without regard to alternative definitions thereunder) will be issued or paid before the date that is six months following the date of such Participant s  separation from service  (as defined in Section 409A of the Code without regard to alternative definitions thereunder) or, if earlier, the date of the Participant s death, unless such distribution or payment can be made in a manner that complies with Section 409A of the Code, and any amounts so deferred will be paid in a lump sum on the day after such six month period elapses, with the balance paid thereafter on the original schedule.    
 (l)   Clawback/Recovery  .  All Awards granted under the Restated Plan will be subject to recoupment in accordance with any clawback policy that the Company is required to adopt pursuant to the listing standards of any national securities exchange or association on which the Company s securities are listed or as is otherwise required by the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act or other applicable law.  In addition, the Board may impose such other clawback, recovery or recoupment provisions in an Award Agreement as the Board determines necessary or appropriate, including but not limited to a reacquisition right in respect of previously acquired shares of Common Stock or other cash or property upon the occurrence of an event constituting Cause.  No recovery of compensation under such a clawback policy will be an event giving rise to a right to resign for  good reason  or  constructive termination  (or similar term) under any agreement with the Company.  
 18. 

9.    Adjustments upon Changes in Common Stock; Other Corporate Events.  
     (a)   Capitalization Adjustments  .  In the event of a Capitalization Adjustment, the Board will appropriately and proportionately adjust: (i) the class(es) and maximum number of securities subject to the Restated Plan pursuant to Section 3(a), (ii) the class(es) and maximum number of securities that may be issued pursuant to the exercise of Incentive Stock Options pursuant to Section 3(c), (iii) the class(es) and maximum number of securities that may be awarded to any person pursuant to Sections 3(d), and (iv) the class(es) and number of securities and price per share of stock subject to outstanding Stock Awards.  The Board will make such adjustments, and its determination will be final, binding and conclusive.  
 (b)   Dissolution  .  Except as otherwise provided in the Stock Award Agreement, in the event of a Dissolution of the Company, all outstanding Stock Awards (other than Stock Awards consisting of vested and outstanding shares of Common Stock not subject to a forfeiture condition or the Company s right of repurchase) will terminate immediately prior to the completion of such Dissolution, and the shares of Common Stock subject to the Company s repurchase rights or subject to a forfeiture condition may be repurchased or reacquired by the Company notwithstanding the fact that the holder of such Stock Award is providing Continuous Service;   provided, however  , that the Board may, in its sole discretion, cause some or all Stock Awards to become fully vested, exercisable and/or no longer subject to repurchase or forfeiture (to the extent such Stock Awards have not previously expired or terminated) before the Dissolution is completed but contingent on its completion.  
 (c)   Transaction.    The following provisions will apply to Stock Awards in the event of a Transaction unless otherwise provided in the instrument evidencing the Stock Award or any other written agreement between the Company or any Affiliate and the Participant or unless otherwise expressly provided by the Board at the time of grant of a Stock Award.  In the event of a Transaction, then, notwithstanding any other provision of the Restated Plan, the Board will take one or more of the following actions with respect to Stock Awards, contingent upon the closing or completion of the Transaction:  
 (i)   arrange for the surviving corporation or acquiring corporation (or the surviving or acquiring corporation s parent company) to assume or continue the Stock Award or to substitute a similar stock award for the Stock Award (including, but not limited to, an award to acquire the same consideration paid to the stockholders of the Company pursuant to the Transaction);  
 (ii)   arrange for the assignment of any reacquisition or repurchase rights held by the Company in respect of Common Stock issued pursuant to the Stock Award to the surviving corporation or acquiring corporation (or the surviving or acquiring corporation s parent company);  
   (iii)   accelerate the vesting, in whole or in part, of the Stock Award (and, if applicable, the time at which the Stock Award may be exercised) to a date prior to the effective time of such Transaction as the Board will determine (or, if the Board will not determine such a date, to the date that is five days prior to the effective date of the Transaction), with such Stock   
 19. 

Award terminating if not exercised (if applicable) at or prior to the effective time of the Transaction;  
 (iv)   arrange for the lapse, in whole or in part, of any reacquisition or repurchase rights held by the Company with respect to the Stock Award;  
 (v)   cancel or arrange for the cancellation of the Stock Award, to the extent not vested or not exercised prior to the effective time of the Transaction, in exchange for such cash consideration or no consideration, as the Board, in its sole discretion, may consider appropriate; and  
 (vi)   make a payment, in such form as may be determined by the Board equal to the excess, if any, of (A) the value of the property the Participant would have received upon the exercise of the Stock Award immediately prior to the effective time of the Transaction, over (B) any exercise price payable by such holder in connection with such exercise.  
 The Board need not take the same action or actions with respect to all Stock Awards or portions thereof or with respect to all Participants.   The Board may take different actions with respect to the vested and unvested portions of a Stock Award.   
 (d)   Change in Control.    A Stock Award may be subject to additional acceleration of vesting and exercisability upon or after a Change in Control as may be provided in the Stock Award Agreement for such Stock Award or as may be provided in any other written agreement between the Company or any Affiliate and the Participant, but in the absence of such provision, no such acceleration will occur.  
     10.   Termination or Suspension of the Restated Plan.  
 The Board may suspend or terminate the Restated Plan at any time.  No Incentive Stock Option will be granted after   the tenth (10th) anniversary of the earlier of (i) the date the Restated Plan is adopted by the Board, or (ii) the date the Restated Plan is approved by the stockholders of the Company.  No Awards may be granted under the Restated Plan while the Restated Plan is suspended or after it is terminated. 
 20. 

11.    Effective Date of the Amendment and Restatement  
 The Restated Plan will become effective on the Restatement Date;  provided, however , that no Award may be granted under the Restated Plan prior to the Restatement Date.  In addition, no Stock Award granted under the Restated Plan will be exercised (or, in the case of a Restricted Stock Award, Restricted Stock Unit Award, Performance Stock Award, or Other Stock Award, no Stock Award will be granted) and no Performance Cash Award granted under the Restated Plan will be settled unless and until the Restated Plan has been approved by the stockholders of the Company, which approval will be within 12 months after the date the Restated Plan is adopted by the Board. 
 12.   Choice of Law.  
 The law of the State of Delaware will govern all questions concerning the construction, validity and interpretation of this Restated Plan, without regard to that state s conflict of laws rules. 
 13.   Definitions.    As used in the Restated Plan, the following definitions will apply to the capitalized terms indicated below:  
 (a)      Affiliate    means, at the time of determination, any  parent  or  subsidiary  of the Company as such terms are defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act.  The Board will have the authority to determine the time or times at which  parent  or  subsidiary  status is determined within the foregoing definition.  
 (b)      Award    means a Stock Award or a Performance Cash Award.  
 (c)      Award Agreement    means a written agreement between the Company and a Participant evidencing the terms and conditions of an Award.  
 (d)      Board    means the Board of Directors of the Company.  
 (e)      Capital Stock    means each and every class of common stock of the Company, regardless of the number of votes per share.  
 (f)      Capitalization Adjustment    means any change that is made in, or other events that occur with respect to, the Common Stock subject to the Restated Plan or subject to any Stock Award after the Adoption Date without the receipt of consideration by the Company through merger, consolidation, reorganization, recapitalization, reincorporation, stock dividend, dividend in property other than cash, large nonrecurring cash dividend, stock split, reverse stock split, liquidating dividend, combination of shares, exchange of shares, change in corporate structure or any similar equity restructuring transaction, as that term is used in Statement of Financial Accounting Standards Board Accounting Standards Codification Topic 718 (or any successor thereto).  Notwithstanding the foregoing, the conversion of any convertible securities of the Company will not be treated as a Capitalization Adjustment.  
   (g)      Cause        will have the meaning ascribed to such term in any written agreement between the Participant and the Company defining such term and, in the absence of such   
 21. 

agreement, such term means, with respect to a Participant, the occurrence of any of the following events:  (i) such Participant s commission of any felony or any crime involving fraud, dishonesty or moral turpitude under the laws of the United States or any state thereof; (ii) such Participant s attempted commission of, or participation in, a fraud or act of dishonesty against the Company; (iii) such Participant s intentional, material violation of any contract or agreement between the Participant and the Company or of any statutory duty owed to the Company; (iv) such Participant s unauthorized use or disclosure of the Company s confidential information or trade secrets; or (v) such Participant s gross misconduct. The determination that a termination of the Participant s Continuous Service is either for Cause or without Cause will be made by the Company, in its sole discretion.  Any determination by the Company that the Continuous Service of a Participant was terminated with or without Cause for the purposes of outstanding Awards held by such Participant will have no effect upon any determination of the rights or obligations of the Company or such Participant for any other purpose.  
 (h)      Change in Control    means the occurrence, in a single transaction or in a series of related transactions, of any one or more of the following events:  
 (i)   any Exchange Act Person becomes the Owner, directly or indirectly, of securities of the Company representing more than 50% of the combined voting power of the Company s then outstanding securities other than by virtue of a merger, consolidation or similar transaction.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, a Change in Control will not be deemed to occur (A) on account of the acquisition of securities of the Company directly from the Company, (B) on account of the acquisition of securities of the Company by an investor, any affiliate thereof or any other Exchange Act Person that acquires the Company s securities in a transaction or series of related transactions the primary purpose of which is to obtain financing for the Company through the issuance of equity securities, (C) on account of the acquisition of securities of the Company by any individual who is, on the IPO Date, either an executive officer or a Director (either, an    IPO Investor   ) and/or any entity in which an IPO Investor has a direct or indirect interest (whether in the form of voting rights or participation in profits or capital contributions) of more than 50% (collectively, the    IPO Entities   ) or on account of the IPO Entities continuing to hold shares that come to represent more than 50% of the combined voting power of the Company s then outstanding securities as a result of the conversion of any class of the Company s securities into another class of the Company s securities having a different number of votes per share pursuant to the conversion provisions set forth in the Company s Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation; or (D) solely because the level of Ownership held by any Exchange Act Person (the    Subject Person   ) exceeds the designated percentage threshold of the outstanding voting securities as a result of a repurchase or other acquisition of voting securities by the Company reducing the number of shares outstanding, provided that if a Change in Control would occur (but for the operation of this sentence) as a result of the acquisition of voting securities by the Company, and after such share acquisition, the Subject Person becomes the Owner of any additional voting securities that, assuming the repurchase or other acquisition had not occurred, increases the percentage of the then outstanding voting securities Owned by the Subject Person over the designated percentage threshold, then a Change in Control will be deemed to occur;  
   (ii)   there is consummated a merger, consolidation or similar transaction involving (directly or indirectly) the Company and, immediately after the consummation of such   
 22. 

merger, consolidation or similar transaction, the stockholders of the Company immediately prior thereto do not Own, directly or indirectly, either (A) outstanding voting securities representing more than   50%   of the combined outstanding voting power of the surviving Entity in such merger, consolidation or similar transaction or (B) more than   50%   of the combined outstanding voting power of the parent of the surviving Entity in such merger, consolidation or similar transaction,   in each case in substantially the same proportions as their Ownership of the outstanding voting securities of the Company immediately prior to such transaction;   provided, however  , that a merger, consolidation or similar transaction will not constitute a Change in Control under this prong of the definition if the outstanding voting securities representing more than   50%   of the combined voting power of the surviving Entity or its parent are owned by the IPO Entities;  
 (iii)   there is consummated a sale, lease, exclusive license or other disposition of all or substantially all of the consolidated assets of the Company and its Subsidiaries, other than a sale, lease, license or other disposition of all or substantially all of the consolidated assets of the Company and its Subsidiaries to an Entity, more than 50% of the combined voting power of the voting securities of which are Owned by stockholders of the Company in substantially the same proportions as their Ownership of the outstanding voting securities of the Company immediately prior to such sale, lease, license or other disposition  ;   provided, however  , that a   sale, lease, exclusive license or other disposition of all or substantially all of the consolidated assets of the Company and its Subsidiaries   will not constitute a Change in Control under this prong of the definition if the outstanding voting securities representing more than 50% of the combined voting power of the acquiring Entity or its parent are owned by the IPO Entities  ; or  
 (iv)   individuals who, on the date this Plan is adopted by the Board, are members of the Board (the    Incumbent Board   ) cease for any reason to constitute at least a majority of the members of the Board;   provided, however,   that if the appointment or election (or nomination for election) of any new Board member was approved or recommended by a majority vote of the members of the Incumbent Board then still in office, such new member shall, for purposes of this Plan, be considered as a member of the Incumbent Board.  
 Notwithstanding the foregoing definition or any other provision of the Restated Plan, the term Change in Control will not include a sale of assets, merger or other transaction effected exclusively for the purpose of changing the domicile of the Company and the definition of Change in Control (or any analogous term) in an individual written agreement between the Company or any Affiliate and the Participant will supersede the foregoing definition with respect to Awards subject to such agreement;  provided, however , that if no definition of Change in Control or any analogous term is set forth in such an individual written agreement, the foregoing definition will apply.  
 (i)      Code    means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, including any applicable regulations and guidance thereunder.  
 (j)      Committee    means a committee of one or more Directors to whom authority has been delegated by the Board in accordance with Section 2(c).  
 23. 

(k)       Common Stock    means, as of the IPO Date, the common stock of the Company, having one vote per share.  
 (l)      Company    means Eiger BioPharmaceuticals, Inc., a Delaware corporation.  
 (m)      Consultant    means any person, including an advisor, who is (i) engaged by the Company or an Affiliate to render consulting or advisory services and is compensated for such services,   or (ii) serving as a member of the board of directors of an Affiliate and is compensated for such services  .  However, service solely as a Director, or payment of a fee for such service, will not cause a Director to be considered a  Consultant  for purposes of the Restated Plan.        Notwithstanding the foregoing, a person is treated as a Consultant under this Restated Plan only if   a Form S-8 Registration Statement under the Securities Act is available to register either the offer or the sale of the Company s securities to such person.  
 (n)      Continuous Service    means that the Participant s service with the Company or an Affiliate, whether as an Employee, Director or Consultant, is not interrupted or terminated.  A change in the capacity in which the Participant renders service to the Company or an Affiliate as an Employee, Consultant or Director or a change in the entity for which the Participant renders such service, provided that there is no interruption or termination of the Participant s service with the Company or an Affiliate, will not terminate a Participant s Continuous Service;   provided, however  ,     that if the Entity for which a Participant is rendering services ceases to qualify as an Affiliate, as determined by the Board, in its sole discretion, such Participant s Continuous Service will be considered to have terminated on the date such Entity ceases to qualify as an Affiliate.  To the extent permitted by law, the Board or the chief executive officer of the Company, in that party s sole discretion, may determine whether Continuous Service will be considered interrupted in the case of (i) any leave of absence approved by the Board or chief executive officer, including sick leave, military leave or any other personal leave, or (ii) transfers between the Company, an Affiliate, or their successors.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, a leave of absence will be treated as Continuous Service for purposes of vesting in an Award only to such extent as may be provided in the Company s leave of absence policy, in the written terms of any leave of absence agreement or policy applicable to the Participant, or as otherwise required by law.    
 (o)      Corporate Transaction    means the consummation, in a single transaction or in a series of related transactions, of any one or more of the following events:  
 (i)   a sale     or other disposition of all or substantially all, as determined by the Board, in its sole discretion, of the consolidated assets of the Company and its Subsidiaries;  
 (ii)   a sale or other disposition of more than 50% of the outstanding securities of the Company;  
 (iii)   a merger, consolidation or similar transaction following which the Company is not the surviving corporation; or  
   (iv)   a merger, consolidation or similar transaction following which the Company is the surviving corporation but the shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately preceding the merger, consolidation or similar transaction are converted or exchanged by virtue   
 24. 

of the merger, consolidation or similar transaction into other property, whether in the form of securities, cash or otherwise.  
 (p)      Covered Employee    will have the meaning provided in Section 162(m)(3) of the Code.  
 (q)      Director    means a member of the Board.  
 (r)      Disability    means, with respect to a Participant, the inability of such Participant to engage in any substantial gainful activity by reason of any medically determinable physical or mental impairment that can be expected to result in death or that has lasted or can be expected to last for a continuous period of not less than 12 months, as provided in Sections 22(e)(3) and 409A(a)(2)(c)(i) of the Code, and will be determined by the Board on the basis of such medical evidence as the Board deems warranted under the circumstances.  
 (s)      Dissolution      means when the Company, after having executed a certificate of dissolution with the State of Delaware, has completely wound up its affairs.  Conversion of the Company into a Limited Liability Company will not be considered a  Dissolution  for purposes of the Plan.  
     (t)      Effective Date    means the effective date of the Original Plan, which is the IPO Date.  
 (u)      Employee    means any person employed by the Company or an Affiliate.  However, service solely as a Director, or payment of a fee for such services, will not cause a Director to be considered an  Employee  for purposes of the Restated Plan.  
 (v)      Entity    means a corporation, partnership, limited liability company or other entity.  
 (w)      Exchange Act    means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.  
 (x)      Exchange Act Person        means any natural person, Entity or  group  (within the meaning of Section 13(d) or 14(d) of the Exchange Act), except that  Exchange Act Person  will not include (i) the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company, (ii) any employee benefit plan of the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company or any trustee or other fiduciary holding securities under an employee benefit plan of the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company, (iii) an underwriter temporarily holding securities pursuant to a registered public offering of such securities, (iv) an Entity Owned, directly or indirectly, by the stockholders of the Company in substantially the same proportions as their Ownership of stock of the Company;   or (v) any natural person, Entity or  group  (within the meaning of Section 13(d) or 14(d) of the Exchange Act) that, as of the IPO Date, is the Owner, directly or indirectly, of securities of the Company representing more than 50% of the combined voting power of the Company s then outstanding securities.  
 (y)      Fair Market Value    means, as of any date, the value of the Common Stock determined as follows:  
 25. 

(i)    If the Common Stock is listed on any established stock exchange or traded on any established market, the Fair Market Value of a share of Common Stock will be, unless otherwise determined by the Board, the closing sales price for such stock as quoted on such exchange or market (or the exchange or market with the greatest volume of trading in the Common Stock) on the date of determination, as reported in a source the Board deems reliable.  
 (ii)   Unless otherwise provided by the Board, if there is no closing sales price for the Common Stock on the date of determination, then the Fair Market Value will be the closing selling price on the last preceding date for which such quotation exists.  
   (iii)   In the absence of such markets for the Common Stock, the Fair Market Value will be determined by the Board in good faith and in a manner that complies with Sections 409A and 422 of the Code.  
 (z)      Incentive Stock Option    means an option granted pursuant to Section 5 of the Restated Plan that is intended to be, and qualifies as, an  incentive stock option  within the meaning of Section 422 of the Code.  
 (aa)      IPO Date    means the date of the underwriting agreement between the Company and the underwriter(s) managing the initial public offering of the Common Stock, pursuant to which the Common Stock is priced for the initial public offering.  
 (bb)      Non-Employee Director        means a Director who either (i) is not a current employee or officer of the Company or an Affiliate, does not receive compensation, either directly or indirectly, from the Company or an Affiliate for services rendered as a consultant or in any capacity other than as a Director (except for an amount as to which disclosure would not be required under Item 404(a) of Regulation S-K promulgated pursuant to the Securities Act (   Regulation S-K   )), does not possess an interest in any other transaction for which disclosure would be required under Item 404(a) of Regulation S-K, and is not engaged in a business relationship for which disclosure would be required pursuant to Item 404(b) of Regulation S-K; or (ii) is otherwise considered a  non-employee director  for purposes of Rule 16b-3.  
 (cc)      Nonstatutory Stock Option    means any Option granted pursuant to Section 5 of the Restated Plan that does not qualify as an Incentive Stock Option.  
 (dd)      Officer    means a person who is an officer of the Company within the meaning of Section 16 of the Exchange Act.  
 (ee)      Option    means an Incentive Stock Option or a Nonstatutory Stock Option to purchase shares of Common Stock granted pursuant to the Restated Plan.  
 (ff)      Option Agreement    means a written agreement between the Company and an Optionholder evidencing the terms and conditions of an Option grant.  Each Option Agreement will be subject to the terms and conditions of the Restated Plan.  
 (gg)      Optionholder    means a person to whom an Option is granted pursuant to the Restated Plan or, if applicable, such other person who holds an outstanding Option.  
 26. 

(hh)       Original Plan    means the   Eiger BioPharmaceuticals, Inc.   2013 Equity Incentive Plan  , as originally adopted on the Effective Date.  
 (ii)      Other Stock Award    means an award based in whole or in part by reference to the Common Stock which is granted pursuant to the terms and conditions of Section 6(d).  
   (jj)      Other Stock Award Agreement        means a written agreement between the Company and a holder of an Other Stock Award evidencing the terms and conditions of an Other Stock Award grant.  Each Other Stock Award Agreement will be subject to the terms and conditions of the Restated Plan.  
 (kk)      Outside Director    means a Director who either (i) is not a current employee of the Company or an  affiliated corporation  (within the meaning of Treasury Regulations promulgated under Section 162(m) of the Code), is not a former employee of the Company or an  affiliated corporation  who receives compensation for prior services (other than benefits under a tax-qualified retirement plan) during the taxable year, has not been an officer of the Company or an  affiliated corporation,  and does not receive remuneration from the Company or an  affiliated corporation,  either directly or indirectly, in any capacity other than as a Director, or (ii) is otherwise considered an  outside director  for purposes of Section 162(m) of the Code.  
 (ll)      Own,           Owned,           Owner,           Ownership        means a person or Entity will be deemed to  Own,  to have  Owned,  to be the  Owner  of, or to have acquired  Ownership  of securities if such person or Entity, directly or indirectly, through any contract, arrangement, understanding, relationship or otherwise, has or shares voting power, which includes the power to vote or to direct the voting, with respect to such securities.  
 (mm)      Participant    means a person to whom an Award is granted pursuant to the Restated Plan or, if applicable, such other person who holds an outstanding Stock Award.  
 (nn)      Performance Cash Award    means an award of cash granted pursuant to the terms and conditions of Section 6(c)(ii).  
     Performance Criteria   means the one or more criteria that the Board or Committee (as applicable) will select for purposes of establishing the Performance Goals for a Performance Period.  The Performance Criteria that will be used to establish such Performance Goals may be based on any one of, or combination of, the following as determined by the Board or Committee: (1) earnings (including earnings per share and net earnings); (2) earnings before interest, taxes and depreciation; (3) earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization; (4) total stockholder return; (5) return on equity or average stockholder s equity; (6) return on assets, investment, or capital employed; (7) stock price; (8) margin (including gross margin); (9) income (before or after taxes); (10) operating income; (11) operating income after taxes; (12) pre-tax profit; (13) operating cash flow; (14) sales or revenue targets; (15) increases in revenue or product revenue; (16) expenses and cost reduction goals; (17) improvement in or attainment of working capital levels; (18) economic value added (or an equivalent metric); (19) market share; (20) cash flow; (21) cash flow per share; (22) share price performance; (23) debt reduction; (24) customer satisfaction; (25) stockholders  equity; (26) capital expenditures; (27) debt levels; (28) operating profit or net operating profit; (29) workforce diversity; (30) growth of net income or  
 27. 

operating income; (31) billings; (32) pre-clinical development related compound goals; (33) financing; (34) regulatory milestones,     including approval of a compound; (35) stockholder liquidity; (36) corporate governance and compliance; (37) product commercialization; (38) intellectual property; (39) personnel matters; (40) progress of internal research or clinical programs; (41) progress of programs; (42) partner satisfaction;     (43)     budget management; (44) clinical achievements; (45) completing phases of a clinical study (including the treatment phase); (46) announcing or presenting preliminary or final data from clinical studies; in each case, whether on particular timelines or generally; (47) timely completion of clinical trials; (48) submission of INDs and NDAs and other regulatory achievements; (49) partner or collaborator achievements; (50) internal controls, including those related to the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002; (51) research and development progress, including the development of programs; (52) investor relations, analysts and communication; (53) manufacturing achievements (including obtaining particular yields from manufacturing runs and other measurable objectives related to process development activities); (54) strategic partnerships or transactions (including in-licensing and out-licensing of intellectual property); (55) establishing relationships with commercial entities with respect to the marketing, distribution and sale of the Company s products (including with group purchasing organizations, distributors and other vendors); (56) supply chain achievements (including establishing relationships with manufacturers or suppliers of active pharmaceutical ingredients and other component materials and manufacturers of the Company s products); (57) co-development, co-marketing, profit sharing, joint venture or other similar arrangements; and (58) to the extent that an Award is not intended to comply with Section 162(m) of the Code, other measures of performance selected by the Board or Committee.  
         (oo)      Performance Goals    means, for a Performance Period, the one or more goals established by the Board or Committee (as applicable) for the Performance Period based upon the Performance Criteria.  Performance Goals may be based on a Company-wide basis, with respect to one or more business units, divisions, Affiliates, or business segments, and in either absolute terms or relative to the performance of one or more comparable companies or the performance of one or more relevant indices.  Unless specified otherwise by the Board or Committee (i) in the Award Agreement at the time the Award is granted or (ii) in such other document setting forth the Performance Goals at the time the Performance Goals are established, the Board or Committee will appropriately make adjustments in the method of calculating the attainment of Performance Goals for a Performance Period as follows: (1) to exclude restructuring; (2) to exclude exchange rate effects; (3) to exclude the effects of changes to generally accepted accounting principles; (4) to exclude the effects of any statutory adjustments to corporate tax rates; (5) to exclude the dilutive effects of acquisitions or joint ventures; (6) to assume that any business divested by the Company achieved performance objectives at targeted levels during the balance of a Performance Period following such divestiture; (7) to exclude the effect of any change in the outstanding shares of common stock of the Company by reason of any stock dividend or split, stock repurchase, reorganization, recapitalization, merger, consolidation, spin-off, combination or exchange of shares or other similar corporate change, or any distributions to common stockholders other than regular cash dividends; (8) to exclude the effects of stock based compensation and the award of bonuses under the Company s bonus plans; (9) to exclude costs incurred in connection with potential acquisitions or divestitures that are required to be expensed under generally accepted accounting principles; (10) to exclude the goodwill and intangible asset impairment charges that are required to be recorded under generally accepted accounting principles; (11) to exclude the effects of items that are  unusual    
 28. 

in nature or occur  infrequently  as determined under generally accepted accounting principles;   and (12) to exclude the effects of entering into or achieving milestones involved in licensing arrangements.           In addition, the       Board or Committee retains the discretion to reduce or eliminate the compensation or economic benefit due upon attainment of Performance Goals and to define the manner of calculating the Performance Criteria it selects to use for     such Performance Period.   
 (pp)      Performance Period    means the period of time selected by the Board or Committee (as applicable) over which the attainment of one or more Performance Goals will be measured for the purpose of determining a Participant s right to and the payment of a Stock Award or a Performance Cash Award.  Performance Periods may be of varying and overlapping duration, at the sole discretion of the Board or Committee.  
 (qq)      Performance Stock Award    means a Stock Award granted under the terms and conditions of Section 6(c)(i).  
 (rr)      Restated Plan    means this Amended and Restated Eiger BioPharmaceuticals, Inc. 2013 Equity Incentive Plan, which amends and restates the Original Plan.  
 (ss)      Restatement Date    means the effective date of this Restated Plan document, which is the date of the annual meeting of stockholders of the Company held in calendar year 2016     provided the Restated Plan is approved by the Company s stockholders at such meeting.  
 (tt)      Restricted Stock Award    means an award of shares of Common Stock which is granted pursuant to the terms and conditions of Section 6(a).  
 (uu)      Restricted Stock Award Agreement    means a written agreement between the Company and a holder of a Restricted Stock Award evidencing the terms and conditions of a Restricted Stock Award grant.  Each Restricted Stock Award Agreement will be subject to the terms and conditions of the Restated Plan.  
 (vv)      Restricted Stock Unit Award        means a right to receive shares of Common Stock which is granted pursuant to the terms and conditions of Section 6(b).  
   (ww)      Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement        means a written agreement between the Company and a holder of a Restricted Stock Unit Award evidencing the terms and conditions of a Restricted Stock Unit Award grant.  Each Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement will be subject to the terms and conditions of the Restated Plan.  
 (xx)      Rule 16b-3    means Rule 16b-3 promulgated under the Exchange Act or any successor to Rule 16b-3, as in effect from time to time.  
 (yy)      Securities Act    means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.  
 (zz)      Stock Appreciation Right    or    SAR        means a right to receive the appreciation on Common Stock that is granted pursuant to the terms and conditions of Section 5.  
   (aaa)      Stock Appreciation Right Agreement    means a written agreement between the Company and a holder of a Stock Appreciation Right evidencing the terms and conditions of a   
 29. 

Stock Appreciation Right grant.  Each Stock Appreciation Right Agreement will be subject to the terms and conditions of the Restated Plan.  
 (bbb)      Stock Award    means any right to receive Common Stock granted under the Restated Plan, including an Incentive Stock Option, a Nonstatutory Stock Option, a Restricted Stock Award, a Restricted Stock Unit Award, a Stock Appreciation Right, a Performance Stock Award or any Other Stock Award.  
     (ccc)      Stock Award Agreement      means a written agreement between the Company and a Participant evidencing the terms and conditions of a Stock Award grant.  Each Stock Award Agreement will be subject to the terms and conditions of the Restated Plan.  
 (ddd)      Subsidiary    means, with respect to the Company, (i) any corporation of which more than 50% of the outstanding capital stock having ordinary voting power to elect a majority of the board of directors of such corporation (irrespective of whether, at the time, stock of any other class or classes of such corporation will have or might have voting power by reason of the happening of any contingency) is at the time, directly or indirectly, Owned by the Company, and (ii) any partnership, limited liability company or other entity in which the Company has a direct or indirect interest (whether in the form of voting or participation in profits or capital contribution) of more than 50%.  
 (eee)      Ten Percent Stockholder    means a person who Owns (or is deemed to Own pursuant to Section 424(d) of the Code) stock possessing more than 10% of the total combined voting power of all classes of stock of the Company or any Affiliate.  
 (fff)      Transaction    means a Corporate Transaction or a Change in Control.  
   
 30.  

</EX-10.2>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 eigr-ex311_7.htm
 EX-31.1

eigr-ex311_7.htm

Exhibit 31.1 
 Certification of President and Chief Executive Officer 
 Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 I, David A. Cory, certify that: 

1.   
 
 I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Eiger BioPharmaceuticals, Inc.    

2.   
 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;    

3.   
 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;    

4.   
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:    

a.   
 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;    

b.   
 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;    

c.   
 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and    

d.   
 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and    

5.   
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):    

a.   
 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and    

b.   
 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.    

Date: November 8, 2016  

/s/ David A. Cory  

David A. Cory  

Chief Executive Officer  

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 eigr-ex312_8.htm
 EX-31.2

eigr-ex312_8.htm

Exhibit 31.2 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer 
 Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 I, James Welch, certify that: 

1.   
 
 I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Eiger BioPharmaceuticals, Inc.    

2.   
 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;    

3.   
 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;    

4.   
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e)  and 15d-15(e) ) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:    

a.   
 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;    

b.   
 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;    

c.   
 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and    

d.   
 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and    

5.   
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):    

a.   
 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and    

b.   
 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.    

Date: November 8, 2016  

/s/ James Welch  

James Welch  

Chief Financial Officer  

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 eigr-ex321_6.htm
 EX-32.1

eigr-ex321_6.htm

Exhibit 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION 
 Pursuant to the requirement set forth in Rule 13a-14(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, (the  Exchange Act ) and Section 1350 of Chapter 63 of Title 18 of the United States Code (18 U.S.C.  1350), David A. Cory, Chief Executive Officer of Eiger BioPharmaceuticals, Inc. (the  Company ), and James Welch, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, each hereby certifies that, to the best of his knowledge: 
 1. The Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2016, to which this Certification is attached as Exhibit 32.1 (the  Periodic Report ), fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act; and 
 2. The information contained in the Periodic Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 Dated: November 8, 2016 

/s/ David A. Cory  

David A. Cory  

Chief Executive Officer  

/s/ James Welch  

James Welch  

Chief Financial Officer  

This certification accompanies the Form 10-Q to which it relates, is not deemed filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and is not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of Eiger BioPharmaceuticals, Inc. under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (whether made before or after the date of the Form 10-Q), irrespective of any general incorporation language contained in such filing.   

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.INS>
 7
 eigr-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 eigr-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 9
 eigr-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 eigr-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 eigr-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 eigr-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

