<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161104_10-Q_edgar_data_707179_0001193125-16-759636_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>15681602</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>253025</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>873912</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2711772</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>7321669</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>3867262</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>86</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001193125-16-759636.hdr.sgml : 20161104
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161104091555
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-16-759636
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		148
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161104
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161104

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			OLD NATIONAL BANCORP /IN/
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000707179
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	NATIONAL COMMERCIAL BANKS [6021]
		IRS NUMBER:				351539838
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			IN
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-15817
		FILM NUMBER:		161973809

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		ONE MAIN ST
		CITY:			EVANSVILLE
		STATE:			IN
		ZIP:			47708
		BUSINESS PHONE:		8124641434

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		ONE MAIN ST
		CITY:			EVANSVILLE
		STATE:			IN
		ZIP:			47708

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	O
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19950822

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001193125-16-759636.txt : 20161104

10-Q
 1
 d270141d10q.htm
 10-Q

10-Q 

Table of Contents  

UNITED STATES   
  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION   
  Washington, D.C. 20549        
       FORM 10-Q

For the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016       
 
  For the transition period from
                       to
                         
  Commission File Number 1-15817        
       OLD NATIONAL
BANCORP      (Exact name of Registrant as specified in its charter)   

INDIANA  
   
  35-1539838   
 
  (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization)  
   
  (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.)   

One Main Street  Evansville, Indiana  
   
  47708   
 
  (Address of principal executive offices)  
   
  (Zip Code)   
    (812) 464-1294   
  (Registrant s telephone number, including area code)   
         
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to the filing requirements for at least the past 90 days.    Yes         No         Indicate by check mark
whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (s232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding
12 months (or for shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).    Yes         No         Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a
non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.  

Large accelerated filer 

Accelerated filer 

Non-accelerated filer 
   
      (Do not check if a smaller reporting company) 
    
 Smaller reporting company 

Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the
Act).    Yes         No       
 Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the issuer s classes of common stock. The Registrant has one class of common stock (no par value)
with 134,985,000 shares outstanding at September 30, 2016.          

Table of Contents  

     OLD NATIONAL BANCORP   
  FORM 10-Q      INDEX

2  

Table of Contents  

     OLD NATIONAL BANCORP   
  CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS      
   The accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements are an integral part of these statements.  
      3  

Table of Contents  

     OLD NATIONAL BANCORP   
  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME (unaudited)       
   The accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements are an integral part of these statements.  
      4  

Table of Contents  

     OLD NATIONAL BANCORP   
  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (unaudited)       
   The accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements are an integral part of these statements.  
      5  

Table of Contents  

     OLD NATIONAL BANCORP   
  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS  EQUITY (unaudited)       
   The accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements are an integral part of these
statements.  
      6  

Table of Contents  

     OLD NATIONAL BANCORP   
  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (unaudited)       
   The accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements are an integral part of these
statements.  
      7  

Table of Contents  

     OLD NATIONAL BANCORP   
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (unaudited)   
  NOTE 1 - BASIS OF PRESENTATION     The accompanying unaudited
consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Old National Bancorp and its wholly-owned affiliates (hereinafter collectively referred to as  Old National ) and have been prepared in conformity with accounting principles
generally accepted in the United States of America and prevailing practices within the banking industry. Such principles require management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities and the disclosures
of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. In the opinion of management, the consolidated
financial statements contain all the normal and recurring adjustments necessary for a fair statement of the financial position of Old National as of September 30, 2016 and 2015, and December 31, 2015, and the results of its operations for the three
and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. Interim results do not necessarily represent annual results. These financial statements should be read in conjunction with Old National s Annual Report for the year ended December 31,
2015.    All significant intercompany transactions and balances have been eliminated. Certain prior year amounts have been reclassified to conform to the
2016 presentation. Such reclassifications had no effect on net income or shareholders  equity and were insignificant amounts.     NOTE 2  
RECENT ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS             FASB ASC 606           In May 2014, the FASB issued an update
(ASU No. 2014-09, Revenue from Contracts with Customers) creating FASB Topic 606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers. The guidance in this update affects any entity that either enters into contracts with customers to transfer goods or services or
enters into contracts for the transfer of nonfinancial assets unless those contracts are within the scope of other standards (for example, insurance contracts or lease contracts). The core principle of the guidance is that an entity should recognize
revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. The guidance provides steps to follow to
achieve the core principle. An entity should disclose sufficient information to enable users of financial statements to understand the nature, amount, timing and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows arising from contracts with customers. The
amendments in this update become effective for annual periods and interim periods within those annual periods beginning after December 15, 2017. We do not expect the new standard to result in a material change from our current accounting for
revenue, but it will result in new disclosure requirements.    In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-08, Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic
606): Principal versus Agent Considerations (Reporting Revenue Gross versus Net). The amendments relate to when another party, along with the entity, is involved in providing a good or service to a customer. Topic 606 requires an entity to determine
whether the nature of its promise is to provide that good or service to the customer (that is, the entity is a principal) or to arrange for the good or service to be provided to the customer by the other party (that is, the entity is an agent). This
determination is based upon whether the entity controls the good or the service before it is transferred to the customer. Topic 606 includes indicators to assist in this evaluation. The amendments in this update affect the guidance in ASU No.
2014-09 above, which is not yet effective. The effective date will be the same as the effective date of ASU No. 2014-09.    In April 2016, the FASB issued
ASU No. 2016-10, Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Identifying Performance Obligations and Licensing. The amendments clarify the following two aspects of Topic 606: identifying performance obligations, and the licensing
implementation guidance. Before an entity can identify its performance obligations in a contract with a customer, the entity first identifies the promised goods or services in the contract. The amendments in this update are expected to reduce the
cost and complexity of applying the guidance on identifying promised goods or services. To identify performance obligations in a contract, an entity evaluates whether promised goods and services are distinct. Topic 606 includes two criteria for
assessing whether promises to transfer goods or services are distinct. One of those criteria is that the promises are separately identifiable. This update will improve the guidance on assessing that criterion. Topic 606 also includes
implementation guidance on determining whether as entity s promise to grant a license provides a customer with either a right to use the entity s intellectual property, which is satisfied at a point in time, or a right to access the
 
      8  

Table of Contents  

entity s intellectual property, which is satisfied over time. The amendments in this update are intended to improve the operability and understandability of the licensing implementation
guidance. The amendments in this update affect the guidance in ASU No. 2014-09 above, which is not yet effective. The effective date will be the same as the effective date of ASU No. 2014-09.  
 In May 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-12, Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Narrow-Scope Improvements and Practical Expedients. The
amendments do not change the core revenue recognition principle in Topic 606. The amendments provide clarifying guidance in certain narrow areas and add some practical expedients.  
         FASB ASC 718           In June 2014, the FASB issued an update (ASU No. 2014-12, Accounting for
Share-Based Payments When the Terms of an Award Provide That a Performance Target Could Be Achieved after the Requisite Service Period). Generally, an award with a performance target also requires an employee to render service until the performance
target is achieved. In some cases, however, the terms of an award may provide that the performance target could be achieved after an employee completes the requisite service period. The amendments in this update require that a performance target
that affects vesting and that could be achieved after the requisite service period be treated as a performance condition. An entity should apply guidance in Topic 718 as it relates to awards with performance conditions that affect vesting to account
for such awards. As such, the performance target should not be reflected in estimating the grant-date fair value of the award. Compensation cost should be recognized in the period in which it becomes probable that the performance target will be
achieved and should represent the compensation cost attributable to the period for which the service has already been rendered. The amendments in this update became effective for interim and annual periods beginning after December 15, 2015 and did
not have a material impact on the consolidated financial statements.    In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-09, Compensation   Stock
Compensation (Topic 718): Improvements to Employee Shared-Based Payment Accounting. The amendments are intended to improve the accounting for employee shared-based payments and affects all organizations that issue share-based payment awards to their
employees. Several aspects of the accounting for share-based payment award transactions are simplified, including the income tax consequences, the classification of awards as either equity or liabilities, and the classification on the statement of
cash flows. The amendments in this update become effective for annual periods and interim periods within those annual periods beginning after December 15, 2016. We are currently evaluating the impact of adopting the new guidance on the consolidated
financial statements, but it is not expected to have a material impact.            FASB ASC 350           In
April 2015, the FASB issued an update (ASU No. 2015-05, Customer s Accounting for Fees Paid in a Cloud Computing Arrangement) impacting FASB ASC 350-40, Intangibles: Goodwill and Other: Internal- Use Software. This update is part of the
FASB s Simplification Initiative. The amendments in this update provide guidance to customers about whether a cloud computing arrangement includes a software license. If a cloud computing arrangement includes a software license, then the
customer should account for the software license element of the arrangement consistent with the acquisition of other software licenses. If a cloud computing arrangement does not include a software license, the customer should account for the
arrangement as a service contract. The guidance will not change generally accepted accounting principles for a customer s accounting for service contracts. The amendments in this update became effective for interim and annual periods beginning
after December 15, 2015 and did not have a material impact on the consolidated financial statements.            FASB ASC
944           In May 2015, the FASB issued an update (ASU No. 2015-09, Disclosures about Short-Duration Contracts). This update applies to all insurance entities that issue short-duration contracts as defined in Topic 944,
Financial Services   Insurance. The amendment requires insurance entities to disclose for annual reporting periods information about the liability for unpaid claims and claim adjustment expenses, and information about significant changes in
methodologies and assumptions used to calculate the liability for unpaid claims and claim adjustment expenses, including reasons for the change and the effects on the financial statements. Additionally, the amendments require insurance entities to
disclose for annual and interim reporting periods a roll-forward of the liability for unpaid claims and claim adjustment expenses. The amendments in this update become effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2015, and interim
periods within annual periods beginning after December 15, 2016. We are currently evaluating the impact of adopting the new guidance on the consolidated financial statements, but it is not expected to have a material impact.  
      9  

Table of Contents  

          FASB ASC 805           In September 2015, the FASB issued an
update (ASU No. 2015-16, Simplifying the Accounting for Measurement-Period Adjustments). This update applies to all entities that have reported provisional amounts for items in a business combination for which the accounting is incomplete by the end
of the reporting period in which the combination occurs and during the measurement period have an adjustment to provisional amounts recognized. The amendments in this update require that an acquirer recognize adjustments to provisional amounts that
are identified during the measurement period in the reporting period in which the adjustment amounts are determined. The amendments in this update require that the acquirer record, in the same period s financial statements, the effect on
earnings of changes in depreciation, amortization, or other income effects, if any, as a result of the change to the provisional amounts, calculated as if the accounting had been completed at the acquisition date. The amendments in this update
require an entity to present separately on the face of the income statement or disclose in the notes the portion of the amount recorded in current-period earnings by line item that would have been recorded in previous reporting periods if the
adjustment to the provisional amounts had been recognized as of the acquisition date. The amendments in this update became effective for interim and annual periods beginning after December 15, 2015 and did not have a material impact on the
consolidated financial statements.            FASB ASC 825           In January 2016, the FASB issued an update
(ASU No. 2016-01, Financial Instruments   Overall (Subtopic 825-10): Recognition and Measurement of Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities). The amendments in this update impact public business entities as follows: 1) Require equity
investments (except those accounted for under the equity method of accounting or those that result in consolidation of the investee) to be measured at fair value with changes in fair value recognized in net income. 2) Simplify the impairment
assessment of equity investments without readily determinable fair values by requiring a qualitative assessment to identify impairment. When a qualitative assessment indicates that impairment exists, an entity is required to measure the investment
at fair value. 3) Eliminate the requirement to disclose the methods and significant assumptions used to estimate the fair value that is required to be disclosed for financial instruments measured at amortized cost on the balance sheet. 4) Require
entities to use the exit price notion when measuring the fair value of financial instruments for disclosure purposes. 5) Require an entity to present separately in other comprehensive income the portion of the total change in fair value of a
liability resulting from a change in the instrument-specific credit risk when the entity has elected to measure the liability at fair value in accordance with the fair value option for financial instruments. 6) Require separate presentation of
financial assets and financial liabilities by measurement category and form of financial asset (that is, securities or loans and receivables) on the balance sheet or the accompanying notes to the financial statements. 7) Clarify that an entity
should evaluate the need for a valuation allowance on a deferred tax asset related to available-for-sale securities in combination with the entity s other deferred tax assets. The amendments in this update become effective for annual periods
and interim periods within those annual periods beginning after December 15, 2017. We are currently evaluating the impact of adopting the new guidance on the consolidated financial statements, but it is not expected to have a material impact.  
         FASB ASC 842           In February 2016, the FASB issued its new lease accounting guidance in ASU No.
2016-02, Leases (Topic 842). Under the new guidance, lessees will be required to recognize the following for all leases, with the exception of short-term leases, at the commencement date: a lease liability, which is a lessee s obligation to
make lease payments arising from a lease, measured on a discounted basis; and a right-of-use asset, which is an asset that represents the lessee s right to use, or control the use of, a specified asset for the lease term. Under the new
guidance, lessor accounting is largely unchanged. The amendments in this update become effective for annual periods and interim periods within those annual periods beginning after December 15, 2018. Based on leases outstanding as of September 30,
2016, we do not expect the new standard to have a material impact on our income statement, but anticipate a $140 million to $200 million increase in our assets and liabilities. Decisions to repurchase, modify or renew leases prior to the
implementation date will impact this level of materiality.            FASB ASC 405           In March 2016, the
FASB issued ASU No. 2016-04, Liabilities   Extinguishments of Liabilities (Subtopic 405-20): Recognition of Breakage for Certain Prepaid Stored-Value Products. The amendments of this ASU narrowly address breakage, which is the monetary amount
of the card that ultimately is not redeemed by the cardholder for prepaid stored-value products that are redeemable for monetary values of goods or services but may also be redeemable for cash. Examples of prepaid stored-value products included
in this amendment are prepaid gift cards issued by specific payment networks and redeemable at network-accepting merchant locations, prepaid telecommunication cards, and traveler s checks. The amendments in this update become effective for
annual periods and interim periods within those annual periods beginning after December 15, 2017. We are currently evaluating the impact of adopting the new guidance on the consolidated financial statements, but it is not expected to have a material
impact.  
      10  

Table of Contents  

          FASB ASC 815           In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU
No. 2016-05, Derivatives and Hedging (Topic 815): Effect of Derivative Contract Novations on Existing Hedge Accounting Relationships. The amendments apply to all reporting entities for which there is a change in the counterparty to a derivative
instrument that has been designated as a hedging instrument. The amendments clarify that a change in the counterparty to a derivative instrument that has been designated as the hedging instrument does not, in and of itself, require de-designation of
that hedging relationship provided that all other hedge accounting criteria continue to be met. The amendments in this update become effective for annual periods and interim periods within those annual periods beginning after December 15, 2016. We
are currently evaluating the impact of adopting the new guidance on the consolidated financial statements, but it is not expected to have a material impact.  
 In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-06, Derivatives and Hedging (Topic 815): Contingent Put and Call Options in Debt Instruments. The amendments
apply to all entities that are issuers of or investors in debt instruments (or hybrid financial instruments that are determined to have a debt host) with embedded call (put) options. Topic 815, Derivatives and Hedging, requires that embedded
derivatives be separated from the host contract and accounted for separately as derivatives if certain criteria are met. One of those criteria is that the economic characteristics and risks of the embedded derivatives are not clearly and
closely related to the economic characteristics and risks of the host contract. The amendments clarify what steps are required when assessing  clearly and closely related . The amendments in this update become effective for annual periods
and interim periods within those annual periods beginning after December 15, 2016. We are currently evaluating the impact of adopting the new guidance on the consolidated financial statements, but it is not expected to have a material impact.  
         FASB ASC 323           In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-07, Investments - Equity Method and
Joint Ventures (Topic 323): Simplifying the Transition to the Equity Method of Accounting. The amendments affect all entities that have an investment that becomes qualified for the equity method of accounting as a result of an increase in the level
of ownership interest or degree of influence. The amendments eliminate the requirement that when an investment qualifies for use of the equity method as a result of an increase in the level of ownership interest or degree of influence, an investor
must adjust the investment, results of operations, and retained earnings retroactively on a step-by-step basis as if the equity method had been in effect during all previous periods that the investment had been held. The amendments require that the
equity method investor add the cost of acquiring the additional interest in the investee to the current basis of the investor s previously held interest and adopt the equity method of accounting as of the date the investment becomes qualified
for equity method accounting. Therefore, upon qualifying for the equity method of accounting, no retroactive adjustment of the investment is required. The amendments also require that an entity that has an available-for-sale equity security that
becomes qualified for the equity method of accounting recognize through earnings the unrealized holding gain or loss in accumulated other comprehensive income at the date the investment becomes qualified for use of the equity method. The amendments
in this update become effective for annual periods and interim periods within those annual periods beginning after December 15, 2016. We are currently evaluating the impact of adopting the new guidance on the consolidated financial statements, but
it is not expected to have a material impact.            FASB ASC 326           In June 2016, the FASB issued
ASU No. 2016-13, Financial Instruments   Credit Losses (Topic 326): Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments. The main objective of this amendment is to provide financial statement users with more decision-useful information
about the expected credit losses on financial instruments and other commitments to extend credit held by a reporting entity at each reporting date. The amendment requires the measurement of all expected credit losses for financial assets held at the
reporting date based on historical experience, current conditions, and reasonable and supportable forecasts. Financial institutions and other organizations will now use forward-looking information to enhance their credit loss estimates. The
amendment requires enhanced disclosures to help investors and other financial statement users better understand significant estimates and judgments used in estimating credit losses, as well as the credit quality and underwriting standards of an
organization s portfolio. In addition, the ASU amends the accounting for credit losses on available-for-sale debt securities and purchased financial assets with credit deterioration. The amendments in this update become effective for annual
periods and interim periods within those annual periods beginning after December 15, 2019. Early adoption will be permitted beginning after December 15, 2018. We are currently evaluating the impact of adopting the new guidance on the consolidated
financial statements.            FASB ASC 230           In August 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-15,
Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 230). This update addresses eight specific cash flow issues with the objective of reducing the existing diversity in practice of how certain cash receipts and cash payments are presented and classified in the statement
of cash flow. Adopting the new guidance will not have a material impact on Old National. The amendments in this update are effective for fiscal years and interim periods beginning after December 15, 2017; however early adoption is permitted.  
      11  

Table of Contents  

          FASB ASC 740           In October 2016, the FASB issued ASU
No. 2016-16, Income Taxes (Topic 740): Intra-Entity Transfers of Assets Other Than Inventory. Current guidance prohibits the recognition of current and deferred income taxes for an intra-entity asset transfer until the asset has been sold to an
outside party. This prohibition on recognition is an exception to the principle of comprehensive recognition of current and deferred income taxes in generally accepted accounting principles. The exception has led to diversity in practice and is a
source of complexity in financial reporting. FASB decided that an entity should recognize the income tax consequences of an intra-entity transfer of an asset other than inventory when the transfer occurs. Consequently, the amendments in this update
eliminate the exception for an intra-entity transfer of an asset other than inventory. The amendments in this update do not include new disclosure requirements; however, existing disclosure requirements might be applicable when accounting for the
current and deferred income taxes for an intra-entity transfer of an asset other than inventory. For public business entities, the amendments in this update are effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2017, including
interim reporting periods within those annual reporting periods. The amendments in this update should be applied on a modified retrospective basis through a cumulative-effect adjustment directly to retained earnings as of the beginning of the period
of adoption. We are currently evaluating the impact of adopting the new guidance on the consolidated financial statements, but it is not expected to have a material impact.  
  NOTE 3   ACQUISITION AND DIVESTITURE ACTIVITY   
  Acquisitions      Founders Financial Corporation   
 On July 28, 2014, Old National announced that it had entered into an agreement to acquire Grand Rapids, Michigan-based Founders Financial Corporation
( Founders ) through a stock and cash merger. The acquisition was completed effective January 1, 2015 (the  Closing Date ). Founders was a bank holding company with Founders Bank   Trust as its wholly-owned subsidiary and
operated four full-service banking centers in Kent County. Old National believes that it will be able to achieve cost savings by integrating the two companies and combining accounting, data processing, retail and lending support, and other
administrative functions after the merger, which will enable Old National to achieve economies of scale in these areas.    The total purchase price for
Founders was $91.7 million, consisting of $41.0 million of cash and the issuance of 3.4 million shares of Old National Common Stock valued at $50.6 million. This acquisition was accounted for under the acquisition method of accounting. Accordingly,
the Company recognized amounts for identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed at their estimated acquisition date fair values. Through December 31, 2015, transaction and integration costs of $4.9 million associated with the acquisition had
been expensed.  
      12  

Table of Contents  

  As of December 31, 2015, the Company finalized its valuation of all assets and liabilities acquired, resulting in
no material change to purchase accounting adjustments. A summary of the final purchase price allocation is as follows (in thousands):      
   The portion of the purchase price allocated to goodwill will not be deductible for tax purposes.  
 The components of the estimated fair value of the acquired identifiable intangible assets are in the table below. These intangible assets will be
amortized on an accelerated basis over their estimated lives.      

Estimated Fair Value (in millions)  

Estimated Useful Lives (Years)  

Core deposit intangible  
    
 $ 
 2.9 

7 

Trust customer relationship intangible  
    
 $ 
 2.6 

12 
     
   Acquired loan data for Founders can be found in the table below:  
   
    Anchor BanCorp Wisconsin Inc.   
 On January 12, 2016, Old National announced that it had entered into an agreement to acquire Madison, Wisconsin-based Anchor BanCorp Wisconsin Inc.
( Anchor ) through a stock and cash merger. The acquisition was completed effective May 1, 2016 (the  Closing Date ). Anchor was a savings and loan holding company with AnchorBank, fsb ( AnchorBank ) as its wholly-owned
subsidiary. AnchorBank operated 46 banking centers, including 32 banking centers in the Madison, Milwaukee and Fox Valley triangle. Old National believes that it will be able to achieve cost savings by integrating the two companies and combining
accounting, data processing, retail and lending support, and other administrative functions after the merger, which will enable Old National to achieve economies of scale in these areas.  
      13  

Table of Contents  

  Pursuant to the merger agreement, shareholders of Anchor could elect to receive either 3.5505 shares of Old
National common stock or $48.50 in cash for each share of Anchor they held, subject to a maximum of 40% of the purchase price in cash. The total purchase price for Anchor was $459.8 million, consisting of $186.2 million of cash and the issuance of
20.4 million shares of Old National Common Stock valued at $273.6 million. This acquisition was accounted for under the acquisition method of accounting. Accordingly, the Company recognized amounts for identifiable assets acquired and liabilities
assumed at their estimated acquisition date fair values. Through September 30, 2016, transaction and integration costs of $14.1 million associated with the acquisition have been expensed and remaining integration costs will be expensed in future
periods as incurred.    Under the acquisition method of accounting, the total estimated purchase price is allocated to net tangible and intangible assets
based on their current estimated fair values on the date of acquisition. Based on management s preliminary valuation of the fair value of tangible and intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed, which are based on assumptions that are
subject to change, the purchase price for the Anchor acquisition is allocated as follows (in thousands):      
   Prior to the end of the one year measurement period for finalizing the purchase price allocation, if information becomes
available which would indicate adjustments are required to the purchase price allocation, such adjustments will be included in the purchase price allocation in the reporting period in which the adjustment amounts are determined.  
 The portion of the purchase price allocated to goodwill will not be deductible for tax purposes.  
 The estimated fair value of the core deposit intangible is $21.6 million and will be amortized over an estimated useful life of 7 years.  
 Acquired loan data for Anchor can be found in the table below:      
 
      14  

Table of Contents  

   Summary of Unaudited Pro-forma Information   
 The unaudited pro-forma information below for the periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 gives effect to the Anchor acquisition as if it had occurred on
January 1, 2015. The pro-forma financial information is not necessarily indicative of the results of operations if the acquisition had been effective as of this date.      

(1) 
 Net interest income plus noninterest income.      2016 supplemental pro-forma earnings were adjusted to exclude
$5.5 million and $14.1 million of acquisition-related costs incurred during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively. 2015 supplemental pro-forma earnings were adjusted to include these charges.  
  Insurance Acquisitions     Effective February 1, 2015, Old
National acquired certain assets from Mutual Underwriters Insurance ( Mutual Underwriters ). The total purchase price of the assets was $3.7 million, consisting of $2.6 million of customer business relationship intangibles and $1.1 million
of goodwill. The customer business relationship intangibles were originally scheduled to be amortized using an accelerated method over an estimated useful life of 10 years.  
 On May 8, 2015, the Company issued cash consideration of $0.1 million to purchase a book of business. The acquisition terms call for further cash
consideration of approximately $0.1 million if certain operating targets are met. The fair value of these payments was booked at acquisition and added $0.2 million of customer business relationships intangibles. The customer business relationship
intangibles were originally scheduled to be amortized using an accelerated method over an estimated useful life of 10 years.     Divestitures   
 On August 14, 2015, the Company completed its previously announced branch sales. The Company divested its southern Illinois region (twelve branches) along with
four branches in eastern Indiana and one in Ohio. At closing, the purchasers assumed loans of $193.6 million and deposits of $555.8 million. The Company recorded a net pre-tax gain of $15.6 million in connection with the divestitures, which included
a deposit premium of $19.3 million, goodwill allocation of $3.8 million, and $0.9 million of other transaction expenses.    In addition, the Company
consolidated 23 branches throughout the Old National franchise during 2015 based on an ongoing assessment of our service and delivery network and on our goal to continue to move our franchise into stronger growth markets.  
 On May 31, 2016 the Company completed its previously announced sale of its insurance operations, ONB Insurance Group, Inc. ( ONI ). The Company
received approximately $91.8 million in cash resulting in a pre-tax gain of $41.9 million and an after-tax gain of $17.6 million. See Note 19 to the consolidated financial statements for further details on the income tax impact of this sale.
Goodwill and intangible assets of approximately $47.5 million were eliminated as part of this transaction. ONI was an ancillary business and did not meet the criteria to be treated as a discontinued operation as defined in Accounting Standards
Update 2014-08   Presentation of Financial Statements (Topic 205) and Property, Plant, and Equipment (Topic 360): Reporting Discontinued Operations and Disclosures of Disposals of Components of an Entity .   
      15  

Table of Contents  

   NOTE 4 - NET INCOME PER SHARE   
 The following table reconciles basic and diluted net income per share for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015:  

(1) 
 Options to purchase 0.9 million shares outstanding at September 30, 2016 and 2015 were not included in the computation of net income per diluted share for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 because the
exercise price of these options was greater than the average market price of the common shares and, therefore, the effect would be antidilutive. Options to purchase 0.8 million shares and 0.9 million shares outstanding at September 30, 2016 and
2015, respectively, were not included in the computation of net income per diluted share for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, because the exercise price of these options was greater than the average market price of
the common shares and, therefore, the effect would be antidilutive.    
      16  

Table of Contents  

   NOTE 5   ACCUMULATED OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS)   
 The following table summarizes the changes within each classification of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) ( AOCI ) net of tax for the
three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015:      

(a) 
 See table below for details about reclassifications.    
      17  

Table of Contents  

  The following table summarizes the significant amounts reclassified out of each component of AOCI for the three
months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015:      
 
      18  

Table of Contents  

  The following table summarizes the significant amounts reclassified out of each component of AOCI for the nine
months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015:      
 
      19  

Table of Contents  

   NOTE 6 - INVESTMENT SECURITIES   
 The following table summarizes the amortized cost and fair value of the available-for-sale and held-to-maturity investment securities portfolio at September
30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 and the corresponding amounts of unrealized gains and losses therein:      
 
      20  

Table of Contents  

  Proceeds from sales or calls of available-for-sale investment securities, the resulting realized gains and
realized losses, and other securities gains or losses were as follows for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015:      

(1) 
 Other securities gains (losses) includes net realized gains or losses associated with trading securities and mutual funds.    
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2015, the Company sold a municipal bond that was classified as held-to-maturity due to credit
deterioration. Proceeds from the sale were $0.8 million and resulted in a gain of $52 thousand.    Trading securities, which consist of mutual funds
held in trusts associated with deferred compensation plans for former directors and executives, are recorded at fair value and totaled $5.0 million at September 30, 2016 and $3.9 million at December 31, 2015.  
 All of the mortgage-backed securities in the investment portfolio are residential mortgage-backed securities. The amortized cost and fair value of the
investment securities portfolio are shown by expected maturity. Expected maturities may differ from contractual maturities if borrowers have the right to call or prepay obligations with or without call or prepayment penalties. Weighted
average yield is based on amortized cost.      
 
      21  

Table of Contents  

  The following table summarizes the investment securities with unrealized losses at September 30, 2016 and
December 31, 2015 by aggregated major security type and length of time in a continuous unrealized loss position:      
   Management evaluates securities for other-than-temporary impairment ( OTTI ) at least on a quarterly basis, and more
frequently when economic or market conditions warrant such an evaluation. The investment securities portfolio is evaluated for OTTI by segregating the portfolio into two general segments and applying the appropriate OTTI model. Investment
securities classified as available-for-sale or held-to-maturity are generally evaluated for OTTI under FASB ASC 320 (SFAS No. 115,  Accounting for Certain Investments in Debt and Equity Securities ). However, certain purchased beneficial
interests, including non-agency mortgage-backed securities, asset-backed securities, and collateralized debt obligations, that had credit ratings at the time of purchase of below AA are evaluated using the model outlined in FASB ASC 325-10 (EITF
Issue No. 99-20,  Recognition of Interest Income and Impairment on Purchased Beneficial Interests and Beneficial Interests that Continue to be Held by a Transfer in Securitized Financial Assets ) .    
 In determining OTTI under the FASB ASC 320 (SFAS No. 115) model, management considers many factors, including: (1) the length of time and the extent to
which the fair value has been less than cost, (2) the financial condition and near-term prospects of the issuer, (3) whether the market decline was affected by macroeconomic conditions, and (4) whether the entity has the intent to sell the debt
security or more likely than not will be required to sell the debt security before its anticipated recovery. The assessment of whether an other-than-temporary decline exists involves a high degree of subjectivity and judgment and is based on
the information available to management at a point in time. The second segment of the portfolio uses the OTTI guidance provided by FASB ASC 325-10 (EITF 99-20) that is specific to purchased beneficial interests that, on the purchase date, were
rated below AA. 
      22  

Table of Contents  

Under the FASB ASC 325-10 model, we compare the present value of the remaining cash flows as estimated at the preceding evaluation date to the current expected remaining cash flows. An OTTI is
deemed to have occurred if there has been an adverse change in the remaining expected future cash flows.    When other-than-temporary impairment occurs
under either model, the amount of the other-than-temporary impairment recognized in earnings depends on whether an entity intends to sell the security or more likely than not will be required to sell the security before recovery of its amortized
cost basis less any current-period credit loss. If an entity intends to sell or more likely than not will be required to sell the security before recovery of its amortized cost basis less any current-period credit loss, the other-than-temporary
impairment shall be recognized in earnings equal to the entire difference between the investment s amortized cost basis and its fair value at the balance sheet date. Otherwise, the other-than-temporary impairment shall be separated into the
amount representing the credit loss and the amount related to all other factors. The amount of the total other-than-temporary impairment related to the credit loss is determined based on the present value of cash flows expected to be collected and
is recognized in earnings. The amount of the total other-than-temporary impairment related to other factors shall be recognized in other comprehensive income, net of applicable taxes. The previous amortized cost basis less the other-than-temporary
impairment recognized in earnings shall become the new amortized cost basis of the investment.    We did not record other-than-temporary-impairments during
the nine months ended September 30, 2016 or 2015.    As of September 30, 2016, Old National s securities portfolio consisted of 1,732 securities, 102
of which were in an unrealized loss position. The unrealized losses attributable to our U.S. government-sponsored entities and agencies, our agency mortgage-backed securities, and our other securities are the result of fluctuations in interest
rates. Our pooled trust preferred securities are discussed below.     Pooled Trust Preferred Securities   
 At September 30, 2016, our securities portfolio contained three pooled trust preferred securities with a fair value of $6.8 million and unrealized losses of
$10.2 million. One of the pooled trust preferred securities in our portfolio falls within the scope of FASB ASC 325-10 (EITF 99-20) and has a fair value of $0.2 million with an unrealized loss of $2.9 million at September 30, 2016. This
security was rated A3 at inception, but is rated D at September 30, 2016. The issuers in this security are banks. We use the OTTI evaluation model to compare the present value of expected cash flows to the previous estimate to determine whether an
adverse change in cash flows has occurred during the quarter. The OTTI model considers the structure and term of the collateralized debt obligation ( CDO ) and the financial condition of the underlying issuers. Specifically, the model
details interest rates, principal balances of note classes and underlying issuers, the timing and amount of interest and principal payments of the underlying issuers, and the allocation of the payments to the note classes. The current estimate of
expected cash flows is based on the most recent trustee reports and any other relevant market information including announcements of interest payment deferrals or defaults of underlying trust preferred securities. Assumptions used in the model
include expected future default rates and prepayments. We assume no recoveries on defaults and a limited number of recoveries on current or projected interest payment deferrals. In addition, we use the model to  stress  this CDO, or make
assumptions more severe than expected activity, to determine the degree to which assumptions could deteriorate before the CDO could no longer fully support repayment of Old National s note class. For the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and
2015, our model indicated no other-than-temporary-impairment losses on this security. At September 30, 2016, we had no intent to sell any securities that were in an unrealized loss position nor is it expected that we would be required to sell any
securities.    Two of our pooled trust preferred securities with a fair value of $6.6 million and unrealized losses of $7.3 million at September 30,
2016 are not subject to FASB ASC 325-10. These securities are evaluated using collateral-specific assumptions to estimate the expected future interest and principal cash flows. For the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, our analysis
indicated no OTTI on these securities.  
      23  

Table of Contents  

  The table below summarizes the relevant characteristics of our pooled trust preferred securities as well as our
single issuer trust preferred securities that are included in the  other securities  category in this footnote. Each of the pooled trust preferred securities support a more senior tranche of security holders. All three pooled trust
preferred securities have experienced credit defaults. However, two of these securities have excess subordination and are not other-than-temporarily-impaired as a result of their class hierarchy, which provides more loss protection.  

(1) 
 Lowest rating for the security provided by any nationally recognized credit rating agency.       NOTE 7 - LOANS
HELD FOR SALE     Mortgage loans held for immediate sale in the secondary market were $60.5 million at September 30, 2016, compared to $13.8 million at
December 31, 2015. Residential loans that Old National has originated with the intent to sell are recorded at fair value in accordance with FASB ASC 825-10 (SFAS No. 159    The Fair Value Option for Financial Assets and Financial
Liabilities ). Beginning with the inception of an in-house servicing unit in the third quarter of 2014, conventional mortgage production is sold on a servicing retained basis. Certain loans, such as government guaranteed mortgage loans are sold
on servicing released basis.    During the fourth quarter of 2014, $197.9 million of loans were reclassified to loans held for sale at the lower of cost or
fair value. When the branch divestitures closed during the third quarter of 2015, these loans were valued at $193.6 million, resulting in a gain of $0.1 million. At September 30, 2016, there were no loans held for sale under this arrangement.  
  NOTE 8   LOANS AND ALLOWANCE FOR CREDIT LOSSES     Old
National s finance receivables consist primarily of loans made to consumers and commercial clients in various industries including manufacturing, agribusiness, transportation, mining, wholesaling, and retailing. Most of Old National s
lending activity occurs within our principal geographic markets of Indiana, Kentucky, Michigan, and Wisconsin. Old National has no concentration of commercial or commercial real estate loans in any single industry exceeding 10% of its portfolio.
 
      24  

Table of Contents  

  The composition of loans by lending classification was as follows:  

The risk characteristics of each loan portfolio segment are as follows:  
  Commercial     Commercial loans are primarily based on the
identified cash flows of the borrower and secondarily on the underlying collateral provided by the borrower. The cash flows of borrowers, however, may not be as expected and the collateral securing these loans may fluctuate in value. Most commercial
loans are secured by the assets being financed or other business assets such as accounts receivable or inventory and may incorporate a personal guarantee; however, some short-term loans may be made on an unsecured basis. In the case of loans secured
by accounts receivable, the availability of funds for the repayment of these loans may be substantially dependent on the ability of the borrower to collect amounts due from its customers.  
  Commercial Real Estate     These loans are viewed primarily
as cash flow loans and secondarily as loans secured by real estate. Commercial real estate lending typically involves higher loan principal amounts, and the repayment of these loans is generally dependent on the successful operation of the property
securing the loan or the business conducted on the property securing the loan. Commercial real estate loans may be adversely affected by conditions in the real estate markets or in the general economy. The properties securing Old National s
commercial real estate portfolio are diverse in terms of type and geographic location. Management monitors and evaluates commercial real estate loans based on collateral, geography and risk grade criteria. In addition, management tracks the level of
owner-occupied commercial real estate loans versus non-owner occupied loans.    Included with commercial real estate are construction loans, which are
underwritten utilizing independent appraisal reviews, sensitivity analysis of absorption and lease rates, financial analysis of the developers and property owners, and feasibility studies, if available. Construction loans are generally based on
estimates of costs and value associated with the complete project. These estimates may be inaccurate. Construction loans often involve the disbursement of substantial funds with repayment substantially dependent on the success of the ultimate
project. Sources of repayment for these types of loans may be pre-committed permanent loans from approved long-term lenders, sales of developed property or an interim loan commitment from Old National until permanent financing is obtained.
These loans are closely monitored by on-site inspections and are considered to have higher risks than other real estate loans due to their ultimate repayment being sensitive to interest rate changes, governmental regulation of real property, general
economic conditions, and the availability of long-term financing.  
      25  

Table of Contents  

  The acquisition of Anchor on May 1, 2016 added $926.2 million of commercial real estate loans to our portfolio.
At 178%, Old National Bank s commercial real estate loans as a percentage of its risk-based capital remained well below the regulatory guideline limit of 300% at September 30, 2016.  
  Residential     With respect to residential loans that are
secured by 1-4 family residences and are generally owner occupied, Old National typically establishes a maximum loan-to-value ratio and requires private mortgage insurance if that ratio is exceeded. Repayment of these loans is primarily dependent on
the personal income of the borrowers, which can be impacted by economic conditions in their market areas such as unemployment levels. Repayment can also be impacted by changes in residential property values. Risk is mitigated by the fact that the
loans are of smaller individual amounts and spread over a large number of borrowers.     Consumer   
 Home equity loans are typically secured by a subordinate interest in 1-4 family residences, and consumer loans are secured by consumer assets such as
automobiles or recreational vehicles. We assumed student loans in the acquisition of Anchor in May 2016. As of September 30, 2016, student loans totaled $80.5 million and are guaranteed by the government from 97% to 100%. Some consumer loans are
unsecured such as small installment loans and certain lines of credit. Repayment of these loans is primarily dependent on the personal income of the borrowers, which can be impacted by economic conditions in their market areas such as unemployment
levels. Repayment can also be impacted by changes in residential property or other collateral values. Risk is mitigated by the fact that the loans are of smaller individual amounts and spread over a large number of borrowers.  
  Covered loans     Old National entered into an agreement
with the FDIC on June 22, 2016 to terminate its loss share agreements. As a result of the termination of the loss share agreements, the remaining loans that were covered by the loss share arrangements were reclassified to noncovered loans effective
June 22, 2016. All future gains and losses associated with covered loans will be recognized entirely by Old National.    Prior to the termination of the
loss share agreements, certain loans acquired from the FDIC were classified as covered loans. Covered loans were subject to loss share agreements whereby Old National was indemnified against 80% of losses up to $275.0 million, an amount which we
never reached. See Note 9 to the consolidated financial statements for further details on our covered loans.     Allowance for Loan Losses   
 The allowance for loan losses is maintained at a level believed adequate by management to absorb probable losses incurred in the consolidated loan portfolio.
Management s evaluation of the adequacy of the allowance is an estimate based on reviews of individual loans, pools of homogeneous loans, assessments of the impact of current and anticipated economic conditions on the portfolio, and historical
loss experience. The allowance is increased through a provision charged to operating expense. Loans deemed to be uncollectible are charged to the allowance. Recoveries of loans previously charged-off are added to the allowance.  
 We utilize a probability of default ( PD ) and loss given default ( LGD ) model as a tool to determine the adequacy of the allowance for
loan losses for performing commercial and commercial real estate loans. The PD is forecast using a transition matrix to determine the likelihood of a customer s asset quality rating ( AQR ) migrating from its current AQR to any other
status within the time horizon. Transition rates are measured using Old National s own historical experience. The model assumes that recent historical transition rates will continue into the future. The LGD is defined as credit loss incurred
when an obligor of the bank defaults. The sum of all net charge-offs for a particular portfolio segment are divided by all loans that have defaulted over a given period of time. The expected loss derived from the model considers the PD, LGD, and
exposure at default. Additionally, qualitative factors, such as changes in lending policies or procedures, and economic business conditions are also considered.  
 We use historic loss ratios adjusted for economic conditions to determine the appropriate level of allowance for residential real estate and consumer loans.
 
      26  

Table of Contents  

  No allowance was brought forward on any of the acquired loans as any credit deterioration evident in the loans
was included in the determination of the fair value of the loans at the acquisition date. An allowance for loan losses will be established for any subsequent credit deterioration or adverse changes in expected cash flows.  
 Old National s activity in the allowance for loan losses for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 is as follows:  

27  

Table of Contents  

  The following table provides Old National s recorded investment in financing receivables by portfolio
segment at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 and other information regarding the allowance:      
 
      28  

Table of Contents  

   Credit Quality   
 Old National s management monitors the credit quality of its financing receivables in an on-going manner. Internally, management assigns an asset quality
rating ( AQR ) to each non-homogeneous commercial and commercial real estate loan in the portfolio. The primary determinants of the AQR are based upon the reliability of the primary source of repayment and the past, present, and projected
financial condition of the borrower. The AQR will also consider current industry conditions. Major factors used in determining the AQR can vary based on the nature of the loan, but commonly include factors such as debt service coverage, internal
cash flow, liquidity, leverage, operating performance, debt burden, FICO scores, occupancy, interest rate sensitivity, and expense burden. Old National uses the following definitions for risk ratings:  
  Criticized . Special mention loans that have a potential weakness that deserves management s close attention. If left uncorrected,
these potential weaknesses may result in deterioration of the repayment prospects for the loan or of the institution s credit position at some future date.  
  Classified   Substandard . Loans classified as substandard are inadequately protected by the current net worth and paying capacity
of the obligor or of the collateral pledged, if any. Loans so classified have a well-defined weakness or weaknesses that jeopardize the liquidation of the debt. They are characterized by the distinct possibility that the institution will
sustain some loss if the deficiencies are not corrected.     Classified   Nonaccrual . Loans classified as nonaccrual have all the
weaknesses inherent in those classified as substandard, with the added characteristic that the weaknesses make collection in full, on the basis of currently existing facts, conditions, and values, in doubt.  
  Classified   Doubtful . Loans classified as doubtful have all the weaknesses inherent in those classified as nonaccrual, with the
added characteristic that the weaknesses make collection in full, on the basis of currently existing facts, conditions, and values, highly questionable and improbable.  
 Pass rated loans are those loans that are other than criticized, classified   substandard, classified   nonaccrual, or classified   doubtful.
   As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the risk category of commercial and commercial real estate loans by class of loans is as follows:  
   
   Commercial loans as of September 30, 2016 in the table above include loans attributable to the acquisition of Anchor totaling
$0.2 million in the classified   substandard category and $0.7 million in the classified   nonaccrual category. There were no construction commercial real estate loans in the criticized or classified categories attributable to the
acquisition of Anchor as of September 30, 2016. Other commercial real estate as of September 30, 2016 in the table above includes loans attributable to the acquisition of Anchor totaling $16.6 million in the criticized category, $4.2 million in the
classified   substandard category, and $25.4 million in the classified   nonaccrual category.  
      29  

Table of Contents  

  Old National considers the performance of the loan portfolio and its impact on the allowance for loan
losses. For residential and consumer loan classes, Old National also evaluates credit quality based on the aging status of the loan and by payment activity. The following table presents the recorded investment in residential and consumer
loans based on payment activity as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015:      

(1) 
 Includes loans previously covered by loss share agreements with the FDIC.      Other consumer loans as of
September 30, 2016 in the table above includes loans attributable to the acquisition of Anchor totaling $5.7 million in the nonperforming category, the majority of which are student loans that are guaranteed by the government from 97% to 100%.  
  Impaired Loans     Large commercial credits are subject to
individual evaluation for impairment. Retail credits and other small balance credits that are part of a homogeneous group are not tested for individual impairment unless they are modified as a troubled debt restructuring. A loan is
considered impaired when it is probable that contractual interest and principal payments will not be collected either for the amounts or by the dates as scheduled in the loan agreement. If a loan is impaired, a portion of the allowance is
allocated so that the loan is reported net, at the present value of estimated cash flows using the loan s existing rate or at the fair value of collateral if repayment is expected solely from the collateral. Old National s policy, for
all but purchased credit impaired loans, is to recognize interest income on impaired loans unless the loan is placed on nonaccrual status.  
      30  

Table of Contents  

  The following table shows Old National s impaired loans as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015,
respectively. Only purchased loans that have experienced subsequent impairment since the date acquired are included in the table below.      

(1) 
 Does not include $4.2 million of loans that were previously covered by loss share agreements with the FDIC.    
      31  

Table of Contents  

  The average balance of impaired loans during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 are
included in the table below.      

(1) 
 Does not include $4.4 million of loans that were previously covered by loss share agreements with the FDIC.    
 The Company does not record interest on nonaccrual loans until principal is recovered. Interest income recognized on impaired loans during the three and nine
months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 was immaterial.    For all loan classes, a loan is generally placed on nonaccrual status when principal or interest
becomes 90 days past due unless it is well secured and in the process of collection, or earlier when concern exists as to the ultimate collectibility of principal or interest. Interest accrued during the current year on such loans is reversed
against earnings. Interest accrued in the prior year, if any, is charged to the allowance for loan losses. Cash interest received on these loans is applied to the principal balance until the principal is recovered or until the loan returns to
accrual status. Loans may be returned to accrual status when all the principal and interest amounts contractually due are brought current, remain current for a prescribed period, and future payments are reasonably assured.  
 Loans accounted for under FASB ASC Topic 310-30 accrue interest, even though they may be contractually past due, as any nonpayment of contractual principal or
interest is considered in the periodic re-estimation of expected cash flows and is included in the resulting recognition of current period loan loss provision or prospective yield adjustments.  
      32  

Table of Contents  

  Old National s past due financing receivables as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 are as follows:
     
    Loan Participations     Old
National has loan participations, which qualify as participating interests, with other financial institutions. At September 30, 2016, these loans totaled $473.0 million, of which $259.1 million had been sold to other financial institutions and
$213.9 million was retained by Old National. The loan participations convey proportionate ownership rights with equal priority to each participating interest holder, involve no recourse (other than ordinary representations and warranties) to,
or subordination by, any participating interest holder, all cash flows are divided among the participating interest holders in proportion to each holder s share of ownership, and no holder has the right to pledge the entire financial asset
unless all participating interest holders agree.     Troubled Debt Restructurings   
 Old National may choose to restructure the contractual terms of certain loans. The decision to restructure a loan, versus aggressively enforcing the
collection of the loan, may benefit Old National by increasing the ultimate probability of collection.    Any loans that are modified are reviewed by Old
National to identify if a troubled debt restructuring ( TDR ) has occurred, which is when for economic or legal reasons related to a borrower s financial difficulties, the Bank grants a concession to the borrower that it would not
otherwise consider. Terms may be modified to fit the ability of the borrower to repay in line with its current financial status. The modification of the terms of such loans include one or a combination of the following: a reduction of the
stated interest rate of the loan, an extension of the maturity date at a stated rate of interest lower than the current market rate of new debt with similar risk, or a permanent reduction of the recorded investment of the loan.  
      33  

Table of Contents  

  Loans modified in a TDR are typically placed on nonaccrual status until we determine the future collection of
principal and interest is reasonably assured, which generally requires that the borrower demonstrate a period of performance according to the restructured terms for six months.  
 If we are unable to resolve a nonperforming loan issue, the credit will be charged off when it is apparent there will be a loss. For large commercial
type loans, each relationship is individually analyzed for evidence of apparent loss based on quantitative benchmarks or subjectively based upon certain events or particular circumstances. Old National charges off small commercial loans scored
through our small business credit center with contractual balances under $250,000 that have been placed on nonaccrual status or became 90 days or more delinquent, without regard to the collateral position. For residential and consumer loans, a
charge off is recorded at the time foreclosure is initiated or when the loan becomes 120 to 180 days past due, whichever is earlier.    For commercial TDRs,
an allocated reserve is established within the allowance for loan losses for the difference between the carrying value of the loan and its computed value. To determine the value of the loan, one of the following methods is selected: (1) the
present value of expected cash flows discounted at the loan s original effective interest rate, (2) the loan s observable market price, or (3) the fair value of the collateral value, if the loan is collateral dependent. The allocated
reserve is established as the difference between the carrying value of the loan and the collectable value. If there are significant changes in the amount or timing of the loan s expected future cash flows, impairment is recalculated and
the valuation allowance is adjusted accordingly.    When a residential or consumer loan is identified as a troubled debt restructuring, the loan is
typically written down to its collateral value less selling costs.    The following table presents activity in TDRs for the nine months ended September 30,
2016 and 2015:      
   Approximately $29.9 million of the TDRs at September 30, 2016 were included with nonaccrual loans, compared to $30.0 million
at December 31, 2015. Old National has allocated specific reserves to customers whose loan terms have been modified in TDRs totaling $6.2 million at September 30, 2016 and $2.3 million at December 31, 2015. As of September 30, 2016, Old
National had committed to lend an additional $4.5 million to customers with outstanding loans that are classified as TDRs.  
      34  

Table of Contents  

  The pre-modification and post-modification outstanding recorded investments of loans modified as TDRs during the
nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 are the same except for when the loan modifications involve the forgiveness of principal. The following table presents loans by class modified as TDRs that occurred during the nine months ended
September 30, 2016 and 2015:      
   The TDRs that occurred during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 decreased the allowance for loan losses by $0.3 million
due to a change in collateral position on a large commercial loan and resulted in $0.8 million of charge-offs during the nine months ended September 30, 2016. The TDRs that occurred during the nine months ended September 30, 2015 increased the
allowance for loan losses by $0.6 million and resulted in immaterial charge-offs during the nine months ended September 30, 2015.    A loan is considered to
be in payment default once it is 90 days contractually past due under the modified terms.    There were 6 commercial loans and 1 commercial real estate
loans totaling $0.6 million that were modified as TDRs within the preceding twelve months, and for which there was a payment default during the nine months ended September 30, 2016.  
 There were 3 commercial loans and 6 commercial real estate loans totaling $2.1 million that were modified as TDRs within the preceding twelve months, and for
which there was a payment default during the nine months ended September 30, 2015.    The terms of certain other loans were modified during the nine months
ended September 30, 2016 that did not meet the definition of a TDR. It is our process to review all classified and criticized loans that, during the period, have been renewed, have entered into a forbearance agreement, have gone from principal
and interest to interest only, or have extended the maturity date. In order to determine whether a borrower is experiencing financial difficulty, an evaluation is performed of the probability that the borrower will be in payment default on its
debt in the foreseeable future without the modification. The evaluation is performed under our internal underwriting policy. We also evaluate whether a concession has been granted or if we were adequately compensated through a market
interest rate, additional collateral or a bona fide guarantee. We also consider whether the modification was insignificant relative to the other terms of the agreement or the delay in a payment.  
 PCI loans are not considered impaired until after the point at which there has been a degradation of cash flows below our expected cash flows at
acquisition. If a PCI loan is subsequently modified, and meets the definition of a TDR, it will be removed from PCI accounting and accounted for as a TDR only if the PCI loan was being accounted
 
      35  

Table of Contents  

for individually. If the purchased credit impaired loan is being accounted for as part of a pool, it will not be removed from the pool. As of September 30, 2016, it has not been necessary to
remove any loans from PCI accounting.    In general, once a modified loan is considered a TDR, the loan will always be considered a TDR, and therefore
impaired, until it is paid in full, otherwise settled, sold or charged off. However, guidance also permits for loans to be removed from TDR status when subsequently restructured under these circumstances: (1) at the time of the subsequent
restructuring, the borrower is not experiencing financial difficulties, and this is documented by a current credit evaluation at the time of the restructuring, (2) under the terms of the subsequent restructuring agreement, the institution has
granted no concession to the borrower; and (3) the subsequent restructuring agreement includes market terms that are no less favorable than those that would be offered for a comparable new loan. For loans subsequently restructured that have
cumulative principal forgiveness, the loan should continue to be measured in accordance with ASC 310-10,  Receivables   Overall . However, consistent with ASC 310-40-50-2,  Troubled Debt Restructurings by Creditors, Creditor
Disclosure of Troubled Debt Restructurings,  the loan would not be required to be reported in the years following the restructuring if the subsequent restructuring meets both of these criteria: (1) has an interest rate at the time of the
subsequent restructuring that is not less than a market interest rate; and (2) is performing in compliance with its modified terms after the subsequent restructuring.  
  Purchased Credit Impaired Loans ( PCI )   
 Purchased loans acquired in a business combination are recorded at estimated fair value on their purchase date with no carryover of the related allowance for
loan and lease losses. In determining the estimated fair value of purchased loans, management considers a number of factors including, among others, the remaining life of the acquired loans, estimated prepayments, estimated loss ratios,
estimated value of the underlying collateral, and net present value of cash flows expected to be received. Purchased loans are accounted for in accordance with guidance for certain loans acquired in a transfer (ASC 310-30), when the loans have
evidence of credit deterioration since origination and it is probable at the date of acquisition that the acquirer will not collect all contractually required principal and interest payments. The difference between contractually required
payments and the cash flows expected to be collected at acquisition is referred to as the non-accretable difference. Subsequent decreases to the expected cash flows will generally result in a provision for loan and lease losses. Subsequent
increases in expected cash flows will result in a reversal of the provision for loan losses to the extent of prior charges and then an adjustment to accretable yield, which would have a positive impact on interest income.  
 Old National has purchased loans for which there was, at acquisition, evidence of deterioration of credit quality since origination and it was probable, at
acquisition, that all contractually required payments would not be collected. For these loans that meet the criteria of ASC 310-30 treatment, the carrying amount is as follows:  

(1) 
 Includes loans previously covered by loss share agreements with the FDIC.      The outstanding balance of loans
accounted for under ASC 310-30, including contractual principal, interest, fees and penalties, was $312.8 million at September 30, 2016 and $321.5 million at December 31, 2015.  
 The accretable difference on purchased loans acquired in a business combination is the difference between the expected cash flows and the net present value of
expected cash flows with such difference accreted into earnings using the effective yield method over the term of the loans. Accretion recorded as loan interest income totaled $18.2 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and
$28.8 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2015. Improvement in cash flow expectations has resulted in a reclassification from nonaccretable difference to accretable yield as shown in the table below.  
      36  

Table of Contents  

  Accretable yield of purchased credit impaired loans, or income expected to be collected, is as follows:  

(1) 
 Includes loans previously covered by loss share agreements with the FDIC.    
   Included in Old
National s allowance for loan losses is $0.6 million related to the purchased loans disclosed above at September 30, 2016, compared to $1.4 million at December 31, 2015.  
 PCI loans purchased during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 for which it was probable at acquisition that all contractually required payments
would not be collected were as follows:      
   Income would not be recognized on certain purchased loans if Old National could not reasonably estimate cash flows to be
collected. Old National had no purchased loans for which it could not reasonably estimate cash flows to be collected.     NOTE 9   COVERED LOANS
    Old National entered into an agreement with the FDIC on June 22, 2016 to terminate its loss share agreements. As a result of the termination of
the loss share agreements, the remaining loans that were covered by the loss share arrangements were reclassified to noncovered loans effective June 22, 2016. All future gains and losses associated with covered loans will be recognized entirely
by Old National.    Prior to the termination of the loss share agreements, certain loans acquired from the FDIC were classified as covered
loans. Covered loans were subject to loss share agreements. Under the early termination agreement, the FDIC made a final payment of $8.7 million to Old National as consideration for the early termination. After the elimination of the
remaining FDIC indemnification asset and the payment of settlement charges, Old National realized a pre-tax gain of $0.2 million during the three months ended June 30, 2016.  
      37  

Table of Contents  

  The following table is a roll-forward of covered acquired impaired loans accounted for under ASC 310-30 for the
nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. As a result of the termination of the loss share agreements, the remaining loans that were covered by the loss share arrangements were reclassified to noncovered loans effective June 22, 2016.  

(1) 
 The balance of contractual cash flows includes future contractual interest and is net of amounts charged off and interest collected on nonaccrual loans.    

(2) 
 Carrying amount for this table is net of allowance for loan losses.      Prior to the termination of the loss
share agreements, we estimated the cash flows expected to be collected on individual loans or on pools of loans sharing common risk characteristics which were treated in the aggregate when applying various valuation techniques. We evaluated at
each balance sheet date whether the present value of loans determined using the effective interest rates had decreased and if so, recognized a provision for loan losses. For any increases in cash flows expected to be collected, we adjusted the
amount of accretable yield recognized on a prospective basis over the loan s or pool s remaining life. Eighty percent of the prospective yield adjustments were offset as Old National would recognize a corresponding change in cash
flows expected from the indemnification asset prospectively in a similar manner. The indemnification asset was adjusted over the shorter of the life of the underlying investment or the indemnification agreement.  
 The loss share receivable represented actual incurred losses where reimbursement had not yet been received from the FDIC. The indemnification asset
represented future cash flows we expected to collect from the FDIC under the loss sharing agreements and the amount related to the estimated improvements in cash flow expectations that were being amortized over the same period for which those
improved cash flows were being accreted into income.  
      38  

Table of Contents  

  The following table shows a detailed analysis of the FDIC loss sharing asset for the nine months ended September
30, 2016 and 2015. As a result of the termination of the loss share agreements on June 22, 2016, the table below reflects the write-off of the remaining FDIC loss sharing asset.  
   
   As a result of the termination of the loss share agreements, all future gains and losses associated with covered assets will
be recognized entirely by Old National since the FDIC will no longer be sharing in these gains and losses.     NOTE 10   OTHER REAL ESTATE OWNED
    The following table presents activity in other real estate owned for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015:  

At September 30, 2016,
foreclosed residential real estate property included in the table above totaled $1.6 million. At September 30, 2016, consumer mortgage loans collateralized by residential real property that were in the process of foreclosure totaled $2.4
million.    Old National entered into an agreement with the FDIC on June 22, 2016 to terminate its loss share agreements. As a result of the
termination of the loss share agreements, the remaining other real estate owned that was covered by the loss share arrangements were reclassified to noncovered other real estate owned effective June 22, 2016.  
      39  

Table of Contents  

  Prior to the termination of the loss share agreements, covered OREO expenses and valuation write-downs were
recorded in the noninterest expense section of the consolidated statements of income. Under the loss sharing agreements, the FDIC would have reimbursed us for 80% of expenses and valuation write-downs related to covered assets up to $275.0
million, an amount which we never reached. The reimbursable portion of these expenses was recorded in the FDIC indemnification asset. Changes in the FDIC indemnification asset were recorded in the noninterest income section of the
consolidated statements of income. As a result of the termination of the loss share agreements, all future gains and losses associated with covered assets will be recognized entirely by Old National since the FDIC will no longer be sharing in
these gains and losses.     NOTE 11   PREMISES AND EQUIPMENT   
 The composition of premises and equipment was as follows:      
   During the third quarter of 2016, the Company purchased the corporate office and 2 bank properties that it had previously
leased for an aggregate purchase price of approximately $98.4 million, resulting in the recognition of $0.8 million of pre-tax losses.    Depreciation
expense was $3.9 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and $11.4 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared to $3.1 million for the three months ended September 30, 2015 and $10.9 million for the nine months ended
September 30, 2015.     Operating Leases     Old National
rents certain premises and equipment under operating leases, which expire at various dates. Many of these leases require the payment of property taxes, insurance premiums, maintenance, and other costs. In some cases, rentals are subject to
increase in relation to a cost-of-living index. The leases have original terms ranging from less than one year to twenty-four years, and Old National has the right, at its option, to extend the terms of certain leases for four additional
successive terms of five years. Old National does not have any material sub-lease agreements. Rent expense was $6.4 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and $20.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016,
compared to $7.2 million for the three months ended September 30, 2015 and $22.4 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015.    Old National had
deferred gains remaining associated with prior sale leaseback transactions totaling $31.1 million as of September 30, 2016 and $40.7 million as of December 31, 2015. The gains are being recognized over the remaining term of the
leases. The leases had original terms ranging from five to twenty-four years.     Capital Leases   
 On January 1, 2004, Old National entered into a long-term capital lease obligation for a branch office building in Owensboro, Kentucky, which extends for 25
years with one renewal option for 10 years. The economic substance of this lease is that Old National is financing the acquisition of the building through the lease and accordingly, the building is recorded as an asset and the lease is recorded
as a liability. The fair value of the capital lease obligation was estimated using a discounted cash flow analysis based on Old National s current incremental borrowing rate for similar types of borrowing arrangements.  
 On May 1, 2016, Old National acquired Anchor, assuming a five year capital lease obligation for equipment.  
      40  

Table of Contents  

  At September 30, 2016, the future minimum lease payments under the capital lease arrangements were as follows:
     
    NOTE 12 - GOODWILL AND OTHER INTANGIBLE ASSETS   
 The following table shows the changes in the carrying amount of goodwill for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015:  
   
   Goodwill is reviewed annually for impairment. Old National completed its most recent annual goodwill impairment test as
of August 31, 2016 and concluded that, based on current events and circumstances, it is not more likely than not that the carrying value of goodwill exceeds fair value.  
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, Old National recorded $111.5 million of goodwill associated with the acquisition of Anchor. Also during the
nine months ended September 30, 2016, Old National eliminated $41.0 million of goodwill associated with the sale of its insurance operations.    The gross
carrying amount and accumulated amortization of other intangible assets at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 were as follows:      
 
      41  

Table of Contents  

  Other intangible assets consist of core deposit intangibles and customer relationship intangibles and are being
amortized primarily on an accelerated basis over their estimated useful lives, generally over a period of 5 to 15 years. During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, Old National increased core deposit intangibles by $21.6 million related
to the Anchor acquisition. In addition, Old National eliminated $6.7 million of customer business relationship intangibles associated with its insurance operation, which was sold May 31, 2016.  
 Old National reviews other intangible assets for possible impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that carrying amounts may not be
recoverable. No impairment charges were recorded during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 or 2015. Total amortization expense associated with intangible assets was $9.2 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and $8.9
million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015.    Estimated amortization expense for future years is as follows:  
   
    NOTE 13   LOAN SERVICING RIGHTS   
 Loan servicing rights were assumed in Old National s acquisitions of United and LSB in 2014, Founders in 2015, and Anchor in May, 2016.  
 At September 30, 2016, loan servicing rights derived from loans sold with servicing retained totaled $25.9 million, compared to $10.5 million at December 31,
2015. Loans serviced for others are not reported as assets. The principal balance of loans serviced for others was $3.427 billion at September 30, 2016, compared to $1.263 billion at December 31, 2015. Approximately 99% of the loans
serviced for others at September 30, 2016 were residential mortgage loans. Custodial escrow balances maintained in connection with serviced loans were $41.0 million at September 30, 2016 and $3.0 million at December 31, 2015.  
 The following table summarizes the carrying values and activity related to loan servicing rights and the related valuation allowance for the nine months ended
September 30, 2016 and 2015:      

(1) 
 In May 2016, the Company assumed $15.3 million of loan servicing rights related to the Anchor acquisition.      At
September 30, 2016, the fair value of servicing rights was $27.3 million, which was determined using a discount rate of 10% and a weighted average prepayment speed of 189% PSA. At December 31, 2015, the fair value of servicing rights was $11.3
million, which was determined using a discount rate of 11% and a weighted average prepayment speed of 166% PSA.  
      42  

Table of Contents  

   NOTE 14   QUALIFIED AFFORDABLE HOUSING PROJECTS AND OTHER TAX CREDIT INVESTMENTS   
 The Company is a limited partner in several tax-advantaged limited partnerships whose purpose is to invest in approved qualified affordable housing or other
renovation or community revitalization projects. These investments are included in other assets on the balance sheet. Certain of these assets qualify for the proportional amortization method and are amortized over the period that the Company
expects to receive the tax credits, with the expense included within income tax expense on the consolidated statements of income. The other investments are accounted for under the equity method, with the expense included within pre-tax income
on the consolidated statements of income. All of the Company s tax credit investments are evaluated for impairment at the end of each reporting period. As of September 30, 2016, the Company expects to recover its remaining investments
through the use of the tax credits that were generated by the investments.    The following table summarizes Old National s investments in Low Income
Housing Tax Credits ( LIHTC ), Federal Historic Tax Credits ( FHTC ), Federal New Market Tax Credits ( NMTC ), and Indiana Community Revitalization Enhancement District Tax Credits ( CReED ) at September 30,
2016:      
     
    NOTE 15   SHORT-TERM BORROWINGS   
 The following table presents the distribution of Old National s short-term borrowings and related weighted-average interest rates as of September 30,
2016:      

(1) 
 In 2015, the Company joined the American Financial Exchange, which consists of overnight and 30-day term borrowings. No collateral was pledged on these funds.    
      43  

Table of Contents  

  The following table presents the contractual maturity of our secured borrowings and class of collateral pledged:
     
   The fair value of securities pledged to secure repurchase agreements may decline. The Company has pledged securities
valued at 116% of the gross outstanding balance of repurchase agreements at September 30, 2016 to manage this risk.     Revolving Loan   
 In May 2016, the Company entered into a $75.0 million revolving line of credit agreement. The 364 day revolving loan has a variable rate of interest
priced at the one-month LIBOR plus 200 basis points. As of September 30, 2016, no amount was outstanding on the loan.     NOTE 16 - FINANCING
ACTIVITIES     The following table summarizes Old National s and its subsidiaries  other borrowings at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015:

44  

Table of Contents  

  Contractual maturities of other borrowings at September 30, 2016 were as follows:  
   
    Senior Notes     In August
2014, Old National issued $175.0 million of senior unsecured notes with a 4.125% interest rate. These notes pay interest on February 15 and August 15. The notes mature on August 15, 2024.  
  Federal Home Loan Bank     Federal Home Loan Bank
( FHLB ) advances had weighted-average rates of 0.77% at September 30, 2016 and 0.72% at December 31, 2015. These borrowings are collateralized by investment securities and residential real estate loans up to 140% of outstanding debt.
    Junior Subordinated Debentures     Junior subordinated
debentures related to trust preferred securities are classified in  other borrowings . These securities qualify as Tier 1 capital for regulatory purposes, subject to certain limitations.  
 In 2007, Old National acquired St. Joseph Capital Trust II in conjunction with its acquisition of St. Joseph Capital Corporation. Old National guarantees the
payment of distributions on the trust preferred securities issued by St. Joseph Capital Trust II. St. Joseph Capital Trust II issued $5.0 million in preferred securities in March 2005. The preferred securities have a variable rate of interest
priced at the three-month London Interbank Offered Rate ( LIBOR ) plus 175 basis points, payable quarterly and maturing on March 17, 2035. Proceeds from the issuance of these securities were used to purchase junior subordinated
debentures with the same financial terms as the securities issued by St. Joseph Capital Trust II.    In 2011, Old National acquired Monroe Bancorp Capital
Trust I and Monroe Bancorp Statutory Trust II in conjunction with its acquisition of Monroe Bancorp. Old National guarantees the payment of distributions on the trust preferred securities issued by Monroe Bancorp Capital Trust I and Monroe
Bancorp Statutory Trust II. Monroe Bancorp Capital Trust I issued $3.0 million in preferred securities in July 2006. The preferred securities have a variable rate of interest priced at the three-month LIBOR plus 160 basis
points. Proceeds from the issuance of these securities were used to purchase junior subordinated debentures with the same financial terms as the securities issued by Monroe Bancorp Capital Trust I. Monroe Bancorp Statutory Trust II issued
$5.0 million in preferred securities in March 2007. The preferred securities have a variable rate of interest priced at the three-month LIBOR plus 160 basis points. Proceeds from the issuance of these securities were used to purchase
junior subordinated debentures with the same financial terms as the securities issued by Monroe Bancorp Statutory Trust II.    In 2012, Old National
acquired Home Federal Statutory Trust I in conjunction with its acquisition of Indiana Community Bancorp. Old National guarantees the payment of distributions on the trust preferred securities issued by Home Federal Statutory Trust I. Home
Federal Statutory Trust I issued $15.0 million in preferred securities in September 2006. The preferred securities carry a variable rate of interest priced at the three-month LIBOR plus 165 basis points. Proceeds from the issuance of these
securities were used to purchase junior subordinated debentures with the same financial terms as the securities issued by Home Federal Statutory Trust I.  
 On April 25, 2014, Old National acquired Tower Capital Trust 2 and Tower Capital Trust 3 in conjunction with its acquisition of Tower Financial
Corporation. Old National guarantees the payment of distributions on the trust preferred securities issued by Tower Capital Trust 2 and Tower Capital Trust 3. Tower Capital Trust 2 issued $8.0
 
      45  

Table of Contents  

million in preferred securities in December 2005. The preferred securities carry a variable rate of interest priced at the three-month LIBOR plus 134 basis points. Proceeds from the
issuance of these securities were used to purchase junior subordinated debentures with the same financial terms as the securities issued by Tower Capital Trust 2. Tower Capital Trust 3 issued $9.0 million in preferred securities in December
2006. The preferred securities carry a variable rate of interest priced at the three-month LIBOR plus 169 basis points. Proceeds from the issuance of these securities were used to purchase junior subordinated debentures with the same
financial terms as the securities issued by Tower Capital Trust 3.    Old National, at any time, may redeem the junior subordinated debentures at par and
thereby cause a redemption of the trust preferred securities in whole or in part.     Securities Sold Under Agreements to Repurchase   
 Securities sold under agreements to repurchase are secured borrowings. The Company pledges investment securities to secure these borrowings. The fair
value of securities pledged to secure repurchase agreements may decline. The Company has pledged securities valued at 122% of the gross outstanding balance of repurchase agreements at September 30, 2016 to manage this risk.  
  NOTE 17 - EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLANS      Retirement Plan and
Restoration Plan     Old National maintains a funded noncontributory defined benefit plan (the  Retirement Plan ) that was frozen as of
December 31, 2005. Retirement benefits are based on years of service and compensation during the highest paid five years of employment. The freezing of the plan provides that future salary increases will not be considered. Old
National s policy was to contribute at least the minimum funding requirement determined by the plan s actuary.    In March 2016, we sent to
participants and beneficiaries a Notice of Intent to Terminate the Employee Retirement Plan effective May 15, 2016. Subsequent to September 30, 2016, Old National contributed cash of approximately $7.4 million and recorded a $9.6 million
pre-tax settlement charge in the fourth quarter of 2016, relieving Old National of all future obligations and expense.    Old National also maintains an
unfunded pension restoration plan (the  Restoration Plan ) which provides benefits for eligible employees that are in excess of the limits under Section 415 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, that apply to the Retirement
Plan. The Restoration Plan is designed to comply with the requirements of ERISA. The entire cost of the plan, which was also frozen as of December 31, 2005, is supported by contributions from the Company.  
 Old National contributed $29 thousand to cover benefit payments from the Restoration Plan during the nine months ended September 30, 2016. Old National
expects to contribute an additional $10 thousand to cover benefit payments from the Restoration Plan during the remainder of 2016.    The net periodic
benefit cost and its components were as follows for the three and nine months ended September 30:      
 
      46  

Table of Contents  

   NOTE 18 - STOCK-BASED COMPENSATION   
 At September 30, 2016, Old National had 4.9 million shares remaining available for issuance under the Company s Amended and Restated 2008 Incentive
Compensation Plan. The granting of awards to key employees is typically in the form of restricted stock awards or units.     Restricted Stock Awards
    The Company granted 172 thousand time-based restricted stock awards to certain key officers and assumed 173 thousand time-based restricted stock
awards in conjunction with the acquisition of Anchor during the nine months ended September 30, 2016, with shares vesting over a thirty-six month period. Compensation expense is recognized on a straight-line basis over the vesting
period. Shares are subject to certain restrictions and risk of forfeiture by the participants. As of September 30, 2016, unrecognized compensation expense was estimated to be $4.0 million for unvested restricted stock awards.  
 Old National recorded expense of $2.2 million, net of tax, during the nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared to $0.9 million, net of tax, during the
nine months ended September 30, 2015 related to the vesting of restricted stock awards. The increase during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 when compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2015 reflected the acceleration of certain
Anchor awards totaling $0.9 million, net of tax.     Restricted Stock Units   
 The Company granted 276 thousand shares of performance based restricted stock units to certain key officers during the nine months ended September 30, 2016,
with shares vesting at the end of a thirty-six month period based on the achievement of certain targets. For certain awards, the level of performance could increase or decrease the percentage of shares earned. Compensation expense is
recognized on a straight-line basis over the vesting period. Shares are subject to certain restrictions and risk of forfeiture by the participants. As of September 30, 2016, unrecognized compensation expense was estimated to be $3.2
million.    Old National recorded stock based compensation expense, net of tax, related to restricted stock units of $1.0 million during the nine months
ended September 30, 2016, compared to $1.3 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2015. Included in the nine months ended September 30, 2016 is the reversal of $0.6 million, net of tax, of expense associated with certain performance
based restricted stock grants.     Stock Options     Old
National has not granted stock options since 2009. However, Old National did acquire stock options through prior year acquisitions. Old National did not record any stock based compensation expense related to these stock options during the
nine months ended September 30, 2016 or 2015.     Stock Appreciation Rights   
 Old National has never granted stock appreciation rights. However, Old National did acquire stock appreciation rights through a prior year
acquisition. Old National did not record any incremental expense associated with the conversion of these stock appreciation rights during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 or 2015. At September 30, 2016, 81 thousand stock
appreciation rights remained outstanding.  
      47  

Table of Contents  

   NOTE 19 - INCOME TAXES   
 Following is a summary of the major items comprising the differences in taxes from continuing operations computed at the federal statutory rate and as recorded
in the consolidated statements of income for the three and nine months ended September 30:      
   In accordance with ASC 740-270, Accounting for Interim Reporting, the provision for income taxes was recorded at
September 30, 2016 and 2015 based on the current estimate of the effective annual rate.    The lower effective tax rate during the three months ended
September 30, 2016 when compared to the three months ended September 30, 2015 is the result of a decrease in pre-tax book income as well as a reduction in state income tax expense.  
 The higher effective tax rate during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 when compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2015 is the result of
an increase in pre-tax book income, primarily due to the sale of ONB Insurance Group, Inc. in May 2016, as well as additional tax expense of $8.3 million to record a deferred tax liability relating to ONB Insurance Group, Inc. s nondeductible
goodwill.     Unrecognized Tax Benefits     The Company and
its subsidiaries file a consolidated U.S. federal income tax return, as well as filing various state returns. Unrecognized state income tax benefits are reported net of their related deferred federal income tax benefit.  
 A reconciliation of the beginning and ending amount of unrecognized tax benefits is as follows:  
   
   If recognized, approximately $0.8 million of unrecognized tax benefits, net of interest, would favorably affect the effective
income tax rate in future periods.  
      48  

Table of Contents  

   Net Deferred Tax Assets   
 Significant components of net deferred tax assets (liabilities) were as follows at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015:  
   
   Net deferred tax assets increased $59.5 million since December 31, 2015 primarily due to the acquisition of Anchor. Net
deferred tax assets acquired from Anchor totaled $98.1 million, consisting primarily of deferred tax assets related to federal and state net operating loss carryforwards and acquired loans. Offsetting the increase in net deferred tax assets was
a reversal of $38.6 million since December 31, 2015, comprised primarily of pre-acquisition book and tax differences.    Through the acquisition of
Anchor in the second quarter of 2016 and Lafayette Savings Bank in the fourth quarter of 2014, both former thrifts, Old National Bank s retained earnings at September 30, 2016 include base-year bad debt reserves, created for tax purposes prior
to 1988, totaling $52.8 million. Of this total, $50.9 million was acquired from Anchor, and $1.9 million was acquired from Lafayette Savings Bank. Base-year reserves are subject to recapture in the unlikely event that Old National Bank (1)
makes distributions in excess of current and accumulated earnings and profits, as calculated for federal income tax purposes, (2) redeems its stock, or (3) liquidates. Old National Bank has no intention of making such a nondividend
distribution. Accordingly, under current accounting principles, a related deferred income tax liability of $19.8 million has not been recognized.    No
valuation allowance was recorded at September 30, 2016 or 2015 because, based on current expectations, Old National believes it will generate sufficient income in future years to realize deferred tax assets. Old National has federal net
operating loss carryforwards totaling $162.9 million at September 30, 2016 and $1.3 million at December 31, 2015. This federal net operating loss was acquired from the acquisitions of Indiana Community Bancorp in 2012 and Anchor in
2016. If not used, the federal net operating loss carryforwards will begin to expire in 2027. Old National has alternative minimum tax credit carryforwards totaling $18.1 million at September 30, 2016 and $18.4
 
      49  

Table of Contents  

million at December 31, 2015. The alternative minimum tax credit carryforward does not expire. Old National has state net operating loss carryforwards totaling $206.2 million at
September 30, 2016 and $46.3 million at December 31, 2015. If not used, the state net operating loss carryforwards will begin to expire in 2023.  
  NOTE 20 - DERIVATIVE FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS     As part of
our overall interest rate risk management, Old National uses derivative instruments, including interest rate swaps, caps and floors. The notional amount of these derivative instruments was $661.5 million at September 30, 2016 and $761.5 million at
December 31, 2015. The September 30, 2016 balances consist of $36.5 million notional amount of receive-fixed, pay-variable interest rate swaps on certain of its FHLB advances and $625.0 million notional amount of pay-fixed, receive-variable
interest rate swaps on certain of its FHLB advances. During the first quarter of 2016, $50.0 million notional amount of receive-fixed, pay-variable interest rate swaps on certain commercial loans was terminated resulting in an immaterial
gain. During the second quarter of 2016, $100.0 million notional amount of pay-fixed, receive-variable interest rate swaps on certain of its FHLB advances matured. The December 31, 2015 balances consist of consist of $36.5 million notional
amount of receive-fixed, pay-variable interest rate swaps on certain of its FHLB advances, $675.0 million notional amount of pay-fixed, receive-variable interest rate swaps on certain of its FHLB advances and $50.0 million notional amount of
receive-fixed, pay-variable interest rate swaps on certain of its commercial loans. These hedges were entered into to manage interest rate risk. Derivative instruments are recognized on the balance sheet at their fair value and are not
reported on a net basis.    In addition, commitments to fund certain mortgage loans (interest rate lock commitments) and forward commitments for the future
delivery of mortgage loans to third party investors are considered derivatives. At September 30, 2016, the notional amount of the interest rate lock commitments was $83.2 million and forward commitments were $117.3 million. At December 31,
2015, the notional amount of the interest rate lock commitments was $30.4 million and forward commitments were $33.3 million. It is our practice to enter into forward commitments for the future delivery of residential mortgage loans to third
party investors when interest rate lock commitments are entered into in order to economically hedge the effect of changes in interest rates resulting from our commitment to fund the loans.  
 Old National also enters into derivative instruments for the benefit of its customers. The notional amounts of these customer derivative instruments and
the offsetting counterparty derivative instruments were $579.8 million and $579.8 million, respectively, at September 30, 2016. At December 31, 2015, the notional amounts of the customer derivative instruments and the offsetting
counterparty derivative instruments were $428.4 million and $428.4 million, respectively. These derivative contracts do not qualify for hedge accounting. These instruments include interest rate swaps, caps and collars. Commonly, Old
National will economically hedge significant exposures related to these derivative contracts entered into for the benefit of customers by entering into offsetting contracts with approved, reputable, independent counterparties with substantially
matching terms.    Credit risk arises from the possible inability of counterparties to meet the terms of their contracts. Old National s exposure
is limited to the replacement value of the contracts rather than the notional, principal or contract amounts. There are provisions in our agreements with the counterparties that allow for certain unsecured credit exposure up to an agreed
threshold. Exposures in excess of the agreed thresholds are collateralized. In addition, we minimize credit risk through credit approvals, limits, and monitoring procedures.  
 Amounts reported in AOCI related to cash flow hedges will be reclassified to interest income or interest expense as interest payments are received or paid on
the Company s derivative instruments. During the next 12 months, the Company estimates that $0.3 million will be reclassified to interest income and $7.3 million will be reclassified to interest expense.  
      50  

Table of Contents  

  On the balance sheet, asset derivatives are included in other assets, and liability derivatives are included in
other liabilities. The following table summarizes the fair value of derivative financial instruments utilized by Old National:      
 
      51  

Table of Contents  

  The effect of derivative instruments on the consolidated statements of income for the three and nine months ended
September 30, 2016 and 2015 are as follows:      

Three Months Ended  

September 30,  

(dollars in thousands)  

2016  

2015  

Derivatives in Fair Value Hedging Relationships   
    
    Location of Gain or (Loss)  
  Recognized in Income on  
  Derivative   
    
  Amount of Gain or (Loss) Recognized in Income on   Derivative  

Interest rate contracts (1)  
    
   Interest income / (expense)  
    
  $  
  (1,588  
  )   
    
 $ 
 (634 
 )   
 
   Interest rate contracts (2)  
    
   Other income / (expense)  

36  

63 

Total  

$  
  (1,552  
  )   
    
 $ 
 (571 
 )   

Derivatives in Cash Flow Hedging Relationships   
    
    Location of Gain or (Loss)  
  Recognized in Income on  
  Derivative   
    
  Amount of Gain or (Loss)   Recognized in Income on   Derivative  

Interest rate contracts (1)  
    
   Interest income / (expense)  
    
  $  
  81  

$ 
 94 

Total  

$  
  81  

$ 
 94 

Derivatives Not Designated as Hedging Instruments   
    
    Location of Gain or (Loss)  
  Recognized in Income on  
  Derivative   
    
  Amount of Gain or (Loss) Recognized in Income on Derivative  

Interest rate contracts (3)  
    
   Other income / (expense)  
    
  $  
  36  

$ 
 8 

Mortgage contracts  
    
   Mortgage banking revenue  

256  

(731 
 )   

Total  

$  
  292  

$ 
 (723 
 )   

Nine Months Ended  

September 30,  

(dollars in thousands)  

2016  

2015  

Derivatives in Fair Value Hedging Relationships   
    
    Location of Gain or (Loss)  
  Recognized in Income on  
  Derivative   
    
  Amount of Gain or (Loss)   Recognized in Income on   Derivative  

Interest rate contracts (1)  
    
   Interest income / (expense)  
    
  $  
  (3,941  
  )   
    
 $ 
 (823 
 )   
 
   Interest rate contracts (2)  
    
   Other income / (expense)  

137  

145 

Total  

$  
  (3,804  
  )   
    
 $ 
 (678 
 )   

Derivatives in Cash Flow Hedging Relationships   
    
    Location of Gain or (Loss)  
  Recognized in Income on  
  Derivative   
    
  Amount of Gain or (Loss)   Recognized in Income on   Derivative  

Interest rate contracts (1)  
    
   Interest income / (expense)  
    
  $  
  248  

$ 
 427 

Total  

$  
  248  

$ 
 427 

Derivatives Not Designated as Hedging Instruments   
    
    Location of Gain or (Loss)  
  Recognized in Income on  
  Derivative   
    
  Amount of Gain or (Loss)   Recognized in Income on   Derivative  

Interest rate contracts (3)  
    
   Other income / (expense)  
    
  $  
  (48  
  )   
    
 $ 
 27 

Mortgage contracts  
    
   Mortgage banking revenue  

682  

418 

Total  

$  
  634  

$ 
 445 

(1) 
 Amounts represent the net interest payments as stated in the contractual agreements.    

(2) 
 Amounts represent ineffectiveness on derivatives designated as fair value hedges.    

(3) 
 Includes the valuation differences between the customer and offsetting counterparty swaps.    
      52  

Table of Contents  

   NOTE 21 - COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES   
  Litigation     In the normal course of business, Old National
Bancorp and its subsidiaries have been named, from time to time, as defendants in various legal actions. Certain of the actual or threatened legal actions may include claims for substantial compensatory and/or punitive damages or claims for
indeterminate amounts of damages.    Old National contests liability and/or the amount of damages as appropriate in each pending matter. In view of the
inherent difficulty of predicting the outcome of such matters, particularly in cases where claimants seek substantial or indeterminate damages or where investigations and proceedings are in the early stages, Old National cannot predict with
certainty the loss or range of loss, if any, related to such matters, how or if such matters will be resolved, when they will ultimately be resolved, or what the eventual settlement, or other relief, if any, might be. Subject to the foregoing, Old
National believes, based on current knowledge and after consultation with counsel, that the outcome of such pending matters will not have a material adverse effect on the consolidated financial condition of Old National, although the outcome of such
matters could be material to Old National s operating results and cash flows for a particular future period, depending on, among other things, the level of Old National s revenues or income for such period. Old National will accrue
for a loss contingency if (1) it is probable that a future event will occur and confirm the loss and (2) the amount of the loss can be reasonably estimated.  
 Old National is not currently involved in any material litigation.  
  Credit-Related Financial Instruments     In the normal
course of business, Old National s banking affiliates have entered into various agreements to extend credit, including loan commitments of $2.245 billion and standby letters of credit of $58.3 million at September 30, 2016. At September
30, 2016, approximately $2.120 billion of the loan commitments had fixed rates and $125.2 million had floating rates, with the floating interest rates ranging from 0% to 25%. At December 31, 2015, loan commitments totaled $1.746 billion and
standby letters of credit totaled $62.6 million. These commitments are not reflected in the consolidated financial statements. The allowance for unfunded loan commitments totaled $3.5 million at September 30, 2016 and $3.6 million at
December 31, 2015.    Old National had credit extensions with various unaffiliated banks related to letter of credit commitments issued on behalf of Old
National s clients totaling $13.6 million at September 30, 2016 and $14.5 million at December 31, 2015. Old National provided collateral to the unaffiliated banks to secure credit extensions totaling $12.9 million at September 30, 2016 and
$13.6 million December 31, 2015. Old National did not provide collateral for the remaining credit extensions.     NOTE 22 - FINANCIAL GUARANTEES
    Old National holds instruments, in the normal course of business with clients, that are considered financial guarantees in accordance with FASB ASC
460-10 (FIN 45,  Guarantor s Accounting and Disclosure Requirements for Guarantees, Including Indirect Guarantees of Indebtedness of Others ) ,  which requires the Company to record the instruments at fair value. Standby letters
of credit guarantees are issued in connection with agreements made by clients to counterparties. Standby letters of credit are contingent upon failure of the client to perform the terms of the underlying contract. Credit risk associated
with standby letters of credit is essentially the same as that associated with extending loans to clients and is subject to normal credit policies. The term of these standby letters of credit is typically one year or less. At September 30,
2016, the notional amount of standby letters of credit was $58.3 million, which represented the maximum amount of future funding requirements, and the carrying value was $0.4 million. At December 31, 2015, the notional amount of standby letters
of credit was $62.6 million, which represented the maximum amount of future funding requirements, and the carrying value was $0.4 million.    Old National
entered into a risk participation in an interest rate swap during the second quarter of 2007, which had a notional amount of $7.2 million at September 30, 2016. Old National entered into an additional risk participation in an interest rate swap
during the third quarter of 2014, which had a notional amount of $10.4 million at September 30, 2016.  
      53  

Table of Contents  

   NOTE 23   SEGMENT INFORMATION   
 During the second quarter of 2016, Old National sold its insurance operations, ONB Insurance Group, Inc. During the year ended December 31, 2015, the
insurance segment s net income was $2.1 million and its assets totaled $61.8 million at December 31, 2015. In conjunction with the divestiture, Old National re-evaluated its business segments.  
 Operating segments are components of an enterprise about which separate financial information is available that is evaluated regularly by the chief operating
decision maker in deciding how to allocate resources and in assessing performance. Old National Bank, Old National s bank subsidiary, is the only significant subsidiary upon which management makes decisions regarding how to allocate
resources and assess performance. Each of the branches of Old National Bank provide a group of similar community banking services, including such products and services as commercial, real estate and consumer loans, time deposits, checking and
savings accounts, cash management, brokerage, trust, and investment advisory services. The individual bank branches located throughout our Midwest footprint have similar operating and economic characteristics. While the chief decision
maker monitors the revenue streams of the various products, services, and regional locations, operations are managed and financial performance is evaluated on a Company-wide basis. Accordingly, all of the community banking services and branch
locations are considered by management to be aggregated into one reportable operating segment, community banking.     NOTE 24   FAIR VALUE   
 FASB ASC 820-10 defines fair value as the exchange price that would be received for an asset or paid to transfer a liability (exit price) in the principal or
most advantageous market for the asset or liability in an orderly transaction between market participants on the measurement date. FASB ASC 820-10 also establishes a fair value hierarchy, which requires an entity to maximize the use of
observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs when measuring fair value. The standard describes three levels of inputs that may be used to measure fair values:  

Level 1   Quoted prices (unadjusted) for identical assets or liabilities in active markets that the entity has the ability to access as of the measurement date.    

Level 2   Significant other observable inputs other than Level 1 prices such as quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities; quoted prices in markets that are not active; or other inputs that are observable or
can be corroborated by observable market data.        

Level 3   Significant unobservable inputs that reflect a company s own assumptions about the assumptions that market participants would use in pricing an asset or liability.    
 Old National used the following methods and significant assumptions to estimate the fair value of each type of financial instrument:  
  Investment securities : The fair values for investment securities are determined by quoted market prices, if available (Level 1).
For securities where quoted prices are not available, fair values are calculated based on market prices of similar securities (Level 2). For securities where quoted prices or market prices of similar securities are not available, fair values
are calculated using discounted cash flows or other market indicators (Level 3). Discounted cash flows are calculated using swap and LIBOR curves plus spreads that adjust for loss severities, volatility, credit risk, and
optionality. During times when trading is more liquid, broker quotes are used (if available) to validate the model. Rating agency and industry research reports as well as defaults and deferrals on individual securities are reviewed and
incorporated into the calculations.     Residential loans held for sale : The fair value of loans held for sale is determined using
quoted prices for a similar asset, adjusted for specific attributes of that loan (Level 2).     Derivative financial instruments : The
fair values of derivative financial instruments are based on derivative valuation models using market data inputs as of the valuation date (Level 2).  
      54  

Table of Contents  

  Assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis, including financial assets and liabilities
for which we have elected the fair value option, are summarized below:      
     
   The table below presents a reconciliation of all assets measured at fair value on a recurring basis using significant
unobservable inputs (Level 3) for the nine months ended September 30, 2016:      
 
      55  

Table of Contents  

  The accretion of discounts on securities totaling $14 thousand for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 is
included in interest income. The decrease in fair value is reflected in the balance sheet as a decrease in the fair value of investment securities available-for-sale, a decrease in accumulated other comprehensive income (included in
shareholders  equity), and an increase in other assets related to the tax impact.    The table below presents a reconciliation of all assets measured
at fair value on a recurring basis using significant unobservable inputs (Level 3) for the nine months ended September 30, 2015:      
   The accretion of discounts on securities totaling $14 thousand for the nine months ended September 30, 2015 is included in
interest income. The increase in fair value is reflected in the balance sheet as an increase in the fair value of investment securities available-for-sale, an increase in accumulated other comprehensive income (included in shareholders 
equity), and a decrease in other assets related to the tax impact.    The tables below provide quantitative information about significant unobservable
inputs used in fair value measurements within Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015:      

(a) 
 Assuming no prepayments.    

(b) 
 Each currently performing pool asset is assigned a default probability based on the banking environment, which is adjusted for specific issuer evaluation, of 0%, 50%, or 100%.    

(c) 
 Each currently defaulted pool asset is assigned a recovery probability based on specific issuer evaluation of 0%, 25%, or 100%.        

(a) 
 Assuming no prepayments.    

(b) 
 Each currently performing pool asset is assigned a default probability based on the banking environment, which is adjusted for specific issuer evaluation, of 0%, 50%, or 100%.    

(c) 
 Each currently defaulted pool asset is assigned a recovery probability based on specific issuer evaluation of 0%, 25%, or 100%.    
 Significant changes in any of the unobservable inputs used in the fair value measurement in isolation would result in a significant change to the fair value
measurement. The pooled trust preferred securities Old National owns are subordinate note classes that rely on an ongoing cash flow stream to support their values. The senior note classes receive the benefit of prepayments to the detriment
of subordinate note classes since the ongoing interest cash flow stream is reduced by the early redemption. Generally, a change in prepayment rates or additional pool asset defaults has an impact that is directionally opposite from a change in
the expected recovery of a defaulted pool asset.  
      56  

Table of Contents  

  Assets measured at fair value on a non-recurring basis at September 30, 2016 are summarized below:  
   
   Impaired commercial and commercial real estate loans that are deemed collateral dependent are valued based on the fair value
of the underlying collateral. These estimates are based on the most recently available appraisals with certain adjustments made based on the type of property, age of appraisal, current status of the property, and other related factors to
estimate the current value of the collateral. These impaired commercial and commercial real estate loans had a principal amount of $37.3 million, with a valuation allowance of $11.4 million at September 30, 2016. Old National recorded
provision expense associated with these loans totaling $3.6 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and $7.3 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016. Old National recorded provision recapture associated with impaired
commercial and commercial real estate loans that were deemed collateral dependent totaling $3.6 million for the three months ended September 30, 2015 and provision expense of $4.0 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015.  
 Other real estate owned and other repossessed property is measured at fair value less costs to sell and had a net carrying amount of $1.2 million at September
30, 2016. The estimates of fair value are based on the most recently available appraisals with certain adjustments made based on the type of property, age of appraisal, current status of the property, and other related factors to estimate the
current value of the collateral. There were write-downs of other real estate owned of $0.4 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and $2.5 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016. There were write-downs of other real
estate owned of $0.3 million for the three months ended September 30, 2015 and $1.8 for the nine months ended September 30, 2015.    Assets measured at fair
value on a non-recurring basis at December 31, 2015 are summarized below:      
   As of December 31, 2015, impaired commercial and commercial real estate loans had a principal amount of $36.8 million, with a
valuation allowance of $11.5 million.    Other real estate owned and other repossessed property is measured at fair value less costs to sell and had a net
carrying amount of $2.7 million at December 31, 2015.  
      57  

Table of Contents  

  The tables below provide quantitative information about significant unobservable inputs used in fair value
measurements within Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy:      

Fair Value at  

Valuation  
    
  Unobservable  
    
  Range (Weighted   
 
   (dollars in thousands)  
    
  Sep. 30, 2016  

Techniques   
    
    Input   
    
  Average)   

Collateral Dependent Impaired Loans   

Commercial loans  
    
 $ 
 9,551 

Fair value of collateral 
    
 Discount for type of property, age of appraisal, and current status 
    
 0% - 99% (51%)  
 
   Commercial real estate loans  

16,232 

Fair value of collateral 
    
 Discount for type of property, age of appraisal and current status 
    
  10% - 67% (40%)   
 
    Foreclosed Assets   

Commercial real estate  

831 

Fair value of collateral 
    
 Discount for type of property, age of appraisal, and current status 
    
 10% - 49% (31%)  
 
   Residential  

340 

Fair value of collateral 
    
 Discount for type of property, age of appraisal, and current status 
    
 17% - 47% (28%)  

Fair Value at  

Valuation  
    
  Unobservable  
    
  Range (Weighted   
 
   (dollars in thousands)  
    
  Dec. 31, 2015  

Techniques   
    
    Input   
    
  Average)   
 
    Collateral Dependent Impaired Loans   

Commercial loans  
    
 $  
 13,332  

Fair value of   collateral  
    
 Discount for type of property, age of appraisal, and current status 
    
 0% - 86% (28%)   
 
   Commercial real estate loans  

11,857 

Fair value of collateral 
    
 Discount for type of property, age of appraisal, and current status 
    
 0% - 61% (33%)  
 
    Foreclosed Assets   

Commercial real estate  

2,526 

Fair value of collateral 
    
 Discount for type of property, age of appraisal, and current status 
    
 3% - 80% (26%)  
 
   Residential  

203 

Fair value of collateral 
    
 Discount for type of property, age of appraisal, and current status 
    
 7% - 53% (29%)  
     Financial instruments recorded using fair value option    
 Under FASB ASC 825-10, we may elect to report most financial instruments and certain other items at fair value on an instrument-by instrument basis with
changes in fair value reported in net income. After the initial adoption, the election is made at the acquisition of an eligible financial asset, financial liability or firm commitment or when certain specified reconsideration events
occur. The fair value election may not be revoked once an election is made.    We have elected the fair value option for residential loans held for
sale. For these loans, interest income is recorded in the consolidated statements of income based on the contractual amount of interest income earned on the financial assets (except any that are on nonaccrual status). None of these loans
are 90 days or more past due, nor are any on nonaccrual status. Included in the income statement is interest income for loans held for sale totaling $35 thousand for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and $84 thousand for the nine months
ended September 30, 2016. Included in the income statement is interest income for loans held for sale totaling $33 thousand for the three months ended September 30, 2015 and $118 thousand for the nine months ended September 30, 2015.  
  Residential loans held for sale     Old National has elected
the fair value option for newly originated conforming fixed-rate and adjustable-rate first mortgage loans held for sale. These loans are intended for sale and are hedged with derivative instruments. Old
 
      58  

Table of Contents  

National has elected the fair value option to mitigate accounting mismatches in cases where hedge accounting is complex and to achieve operational simplification. The fair value option was
not elected for loans held for investment.    The difference between the aggregate fair value and the aggregate remaining principal balance for loans for
which the fair value option has been elected as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 is as follows:      
   Accrued interest at period end is included in the fair value of the instruments.  
 The following table presents the amount of gains and losses from fair value changes included in income before income taxes for financial assets carried at
fair value for the three and nine months ended September 30:      
 
      59  

Table of Contents  

  The carrying amounts and estimated fair values of financial instruments, not previously presented in this note,
at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 are as follows:      
   N/A = not applicable  
      60  

Table of Contents  

N/A = not applicable     
 The following methods and assumptions were used to estimate the fair value of each type of financial instrument.  
  Cash, due from banks, federal funds sold, and money market investments:  For these instruments, the carrying amounts approximate
fair value (Level 1).     Investment securities:  Fair values for investment securities held-to-maturity are based on quoted market
prices, if available. For securities where quoted prices are not available, fair values are estimated based on market prices of similar securities (Level 2).  
      61  

Table of Contents  

   Federal Home Loan Bank and Federal Reserve Bank stock:  Old National Bank is a member
of the FHLB and the Federal Reserve System. The carrying value is our basis because it is not practical to determine the fair value due to restrictions placed on transferability.  
  Loans : The fair value of loans is estimated by discounting future cash flows using current rates at which similar loans would be
made to borrowers with similar credit ratings and for the same remaining maturities (Level 3). The method utilized to estimate the fair value of loans does not necessarily represent an exit price.  
  Covered loans:  Fair values for loans were based on a discounted cash flow methodology that considered factors including the type of
loan and related collateral, classification status, fixed or variable interest rate, term of loan and whether or not the loan was amortizing, and a discount rate reflecting current market rates for new originations of comparable loans adjusted for
the risk inherent in the cash flow estimates. Loans were grouped together according to similar characteristics and were treated in the aggregate when applying various valuation techniques (Level 3).  
  FDIC indemnification asset:  The loss sharing asset was measured separately from the related covered assets as it was not
contractually embedded in the assets and was not transferable with the assets should we have chosen to dispose of the assets. Fair value was originally estimated using projected cash flows related to the loss sharing agreement based on the
expected reimbursements for losses and the applicable loss sharing percentage and these projected cash flows were updated with the cash flow estimates on covered assets. These cash flows were discounted to reflect the uncertainty of the timing
and receipt of the loss sharing reimbursement from the FDIC (Level 3).     Accrued interest receivable and payable:  The carrying
amount approximates fair value and is aligned with the underlying assets or liabilities (Level 1, Level 2 or Level 3).  
  Deposits : The fair value of noninterest-bearing demand deposits and savings, NOW, and money market deposits is the amount payable
as of the reporting date (Level 1). The fair value of fixed-maturity certificates of deposit is estimated using rates currently offered for deposits with similar remaining maturities (Level 2).  
  Short-term borrowings : Federal funds purchased and other short-term borrowings generally have an original term to maturity of 30
days or less and, therefore, their carrying amount is a reasonable estimate of fair value (Level 1). The fair value of securities sold under agreements to repurchase is determined using end of day market prices (Level 1).  
  Other borrowings : The fair value of medium-term notes, subordinated debt, and senior bank notes is determined using market quotes
(Level 2). The fair value of FHLB advances is determined using calculated prices for new FHLB advances with similar risk characteristics (Level 3). The fair value of other debt is determined using comparable security market prices or
dealer quotes (Level 2).     Standby letters of credit : Fair values for standby letters of credit are based on fees currently
charged to enter into similar agreements. The fair value for standby letters of credit was recorded in  Accrued expenses and other liabilities  on the consolidated balance sheet in accordance with FASB ASC 460-10 (FIN 45) (Level 3).
    Off-balance sheet financial instruments : Fair values for off-balance sheet credit-related financial instruments are based on
fees currently charged to enter into similar agreements (Level 3). For further information regarding the amounts of these financial instruments, see Notes 21 and 22.  
  NOTE 25   SUBSEQUENT EVENTS     Subsequent to quarter
end, Old National entered into a purchase agreement to acquire four bank properties that it currently leases for an aggregate purchase price of approximately $18.6 million. Old National Bank entered into this agreement to purchase the subject
bank properties in order to (i) provide greater control of these properties through ownership, (ii) report these properties as assets on its balance sheet which will be required when ASU No. 2016-02, Leases (Topic 842) becomes effective, and (iii)
further its initiative of becoming a more efficient bank. As a condition to closing, the parties have agreed to enter into lease termination agreements, at close, to terminate the existing lease agreements. The termination of these lease
agreements, at closing, is expected to result in the recognition of approximately $0.7 million of pre-tax deferred gains. Subject to the fulfillment of closing conditions, Old National expects that these acquisitions will close in the fourth
quarter of 2016.  
      62  

Table of Contents  

  Also subsequent to quarter end, management made the decision to close or consolidate fifteen banking centers as
part of its ongoing efforts to right-size the Old National franchise with the most efficient and effective branch network possible. The centers are expected to be closed or consolidated into other Old National locations early in the first
quarter of 2017. Old National expects to record pre-tax costs of just under $6.0 million related to this transaction.  
    ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS   
 The following discussion is an analysis of our results of operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, and financial condition
as of September 30, 2016, compared to September 30, 2015 and December 31, 2015. This discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and related notes. This discussion contains forward-looking
statements concerning our business that are based on estimates and involves certain risks and uncertainties. Therefore, future results could differ significantly from our current expectations and the related forward-looking statements.  
  EXECUTIVE SUMMARY     During the third quarter of 2016, net
income was $34.7 million, or $0.25 per diluted share. We successfully completed the systems conversion of our recent acquisition of Anchor BanCorp Wisconsin Inc. ( Anchor ) and recorded $5.5 million of pre-tax costs associated with
this transaction during the quarter. Net income was $37.7 million, or $0.33 per share, for the third quarter of 2015 and included a $15.4 million pre-tax gain associated the divestiture of our Illinois franchise.  
 Management s primary focus remains basic banking   loan growth, fee income, and expense management:  
  Loan Growth : Our loan balances, excluding loans held for sale, grew $74.8 million to $8.905 billion at September 30, 2016 compared
to $8.830 billion at the end of the second quarter. This loan growth was attributable to organic loan growth during the quarter, with our new Wisconsin region experiencing the largest increase in loan balances. The Louisville, Kentucky
market, which includes our new Lexington office, also experienced significant growth in the quarter. We are encouraged by the level of loan demand experienced in the first nine months of 2016, and our sales teams remain energized and committed
to building new relationships throughout our entire footprint.     Fee Income : We remain keenly focused on fee revenue and are
pleased to report a 52% increase in mortgage banking revenues for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 when compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2015. This increase in mortgage banking revenue was due to increased sales to the
secondary market in 2016 and an increase in production attributable to our new associates in the Wisconsin region. Service charge fees on deposit accounts, however, remain challenged and declined year over year, due in part to our divestiture
of the southern Illinois region during the third quarter of 2015, partially offset by the acquisition of Anchor. Likewise, debit card fee income declined year over year, driven by the Durbin Amendment, which limits interchange fees on debit
card transactions for banks with $10 billion or more in assets and became effective for us on July 1, 2015.  
  Expenses : Consistent with our expense management strategy, Old National completed the termination of its Employee Retirement Plan
( ERP ), which has been frozen since 2005. Subsequent to September 30, 2016, Old National contributed cash of approximately $7.4 million and recorded a $9.6 million pre-tax settlement charge in the fourth quarter of 2016, relieving
Old National of all future obligations and expense associated with the ERP. In addition, subsequent to quarter end, management made the decision to consolidate fifteen banking centers during the first quarter of 2017. We are committed to
ongoing assessments of our service and delivery network, as part of our efforts to right-size the ONB franchise with the most efficient and effective branch network possible.  
      63  

Table of Contents  

   RESULTS OF OPERATIONS   
 The following table sets forth certain income statement information of Old National for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015:  

(1) 
 Efficiency ratio is defined as noninterest expense before amortization of intangibles as a percent of fully taxable net interest income and noninterest income, excluding net gains from securities transactions. This
presentation excludes intangible amortization and net securities gains, as is common in other company disclosures, and better aligns with true operating performance. This is a non-GAAP financial measure that management believes to be helpful in
understanding Old National s results of operations.       Net Interest Income   
 Net interest income is the most significant component of our earnings, comprising 61% of revenues for the nine months ended September 30, 2016. Net
interest income and margin are influenced by many factors, primarily the volume and mix of earning assets, funding sources, and interest rate fluctuations. Other factors include the level of accretion income on purchased loans, prepayment risk
on mortgage and investment-related assets, and the composition and maturity of earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities. Loans typically generate more interest income than investment securities with similar maturities. Funding from client
deposits generally costs less than wholesale funding sources. Factors such as general economic activity, Federal Reserve Board monetary policy, and price volatility of competing alternative investments, can also exert significant influence on
our ability to optimize the mix of assets and funding and the net interest income and margin.    Net interest income is the excess of interest received from
earning assets over interest paid on interest-bearing liabilities. For analytical purposes, net interest income is also presented in the table that follows, adjusted to a taxable equivalent basis to reflect what our tax-exempt assets would need to
yield in order to achieve the same after-tax yield as a taxable asset. We used the federal statutory tax rate in effect of 35% for all periods adjusted for the TEFRA interest disallowance applicable to certain tax-exempt obligations. This
analysis portrays the income tax benefits associated in tax-exempt assets and helps to facilitate a comparison between taxable and tax-exempt assets. Management believes that it is a standard practice in the banking industry to present net interest
margin and net interest income on a fully taxable equivalent basis. Therefore, management believes these measures provide useful information for both management and investors by allowing them to make peer comparisons.  
      64  

Table of Contents  

Net interest income for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 includes accretion income (interest income
in excess of contractual interest income) associated with acquired loans. Excluding this accretion income, net interest income on a fully taxable equivalent basis would have been $97.2 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and
$267.2 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared to $81.4 million for the three months ended September 30, 2015 and $243.8 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015; and the net interest margin on a fully taxable
equivalent basis would have been 3.09% for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared to 3.14% for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015.  
 The increase in net interest income for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 when compared to the same periods in 2015 was primarily due to
increases in average earning assets of $2.211 billion in the three months ended September 30, 2016 and $1.202 billion in the nine months ended September 30, 2016 when compared to the same periods in 2015. Partially offsetting the higher average
earning assets were decreases in accretion income of $4.7 million in the three months ended September 30, 2016 and $9.4 million in the nine months ended September 30, 2016 when compared to the same periods in 2015 reflecting higher payoffs of
purchased credit impaired loans in 2015 when compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2016. We expect accretion income on these purchased credit impaired loans to decrease over time, but this may be offset by future acquisitions.  
 The decrease in the net interest margin for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 when compared to the same periods in 2015 was primarily due to
lower yields associated with decreased accretion income on acquired loans, lower interest rates on interest earning assets, higher costs of interest bearing liabilities, and a change in the mix of average interest earning assets and interest bearing
liabilities. The yield on interest earning assets decreased 28 basis points and the cost of interest-bearing liabilities increased 6 basis points in the quarterly year-over-year comparison. The yield on interest earning assets is
calculated by dividing annualized taxable equivalent net interest income by average interest earning assets while the cost of interest-bearing liabilities is calculated by dividing annualized interest expense by average interest-bearing
liabilities. The yield on interest earning assets decreased 16 basis points and the cost of interest-bearing liabilities increased 8 basis points in the nine months ended September 30, 2016 when compared to the nine months ended September 30,
2015.    Average earning assets were $12.575 billion for the three months ended September 30, 2016, compared to $10.365 billion for the three months ended
September 30, 2015, an increase of $2.210 billion, or 21%. Average earning assets were $11.548 billion for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared to $10.346 billion for the nine months ended September 30, 2015, an increase of $1.202
billion, or 12%. The increases in average earning assets for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 were primarily due to the acquisition of Anchor in May 2016. The loan portfolio including loans held for sale, which generally
has an average yield higher than the investment portfolio, was approximately 69% of average interest earning assets for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared to 67% for the nine months ended September 30, 2015.  
 Average loans including loans held for sale increased $1.986 billion for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and $1.142 million for the nine months
ended September 30, 2016 when compared to the same periods in 2015 reflecting the Anchor acquisition, along with organic loan growth. These increases were partially offset by the sale of $193.6 million of loans associated with our branch
divestitures during the third quarter of 2015.  
      65  

Table of Contents  

  Average investments increased $224.4 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and $60.2 million for
the nine months ended September 30, 2016 when compared to the same periods in 2015 reflecting the Anchor acquisition.    Average non-interest bearing
deposits increased $395.5 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and $192.5 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 when compared to the same periods in 2015 reflecting the Anchor acquisition. Average interest bearing
deposits increased $1.631 billion for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and $660.6 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 when compared to the same periods in 2015 reflecting the Anchor acquisition. These increases were
partially offset by a $555.8 million reduction associated with our branch divestitures during the third quarter of 2015.    Average borrowed funds increased
$125.1 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and $329.0 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 when compared to the same periods in 2015 primarily due to increased funding needed as a result of growth in our investment
and loan portfolios that outpaced deposit growth.     Provision for Loan Losses   
 The provision for loan losses was $1.3 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016, compared to $0.2 million for the three months ended September 30,
2015. Net charge-offs totaled $1.6 million during the three months ended September 30, 2016, compared to net recoveries of $0.9 million during the three months ended September 30, 2015. The provision for loan losses was $2.7 million
for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared to $2.4 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. Net charge-offs totaled $3.4 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared to net recoveries of $0.9
million during the nine months ended September 30, 2015. Continued loan growth in future periods, increases in net charge-offs, or credit quality deterioration would result in additional provision expense.  
  Noninterest Income     We generate revenues in the form of
noninterest income through client fees and sales commissions from our core banking franchise and other related businesses, such as wealth management, investment consulting, and investment products. Noninterest income for the three months ended
September 30, 2016 was $47.2 million, a decrease of $12.5 million, or 21%, compared to $59.7 million for the three months ended September 30, 2015. The decrease in noninterest income for the three months ended September 30, 2016 when compared
to the same period in 2015 was primarily due to a $15.4 million gain on branch divestitures in the third quarter of 2015 and lower insurance premiums and commissions reflecting the sale of ONB Insurance Group, Inc. ( ONI ) in May
2016. The decrease in noninterest income was partially offset by noninterest income attributable to the Anchor acquisition.    Noninterest income for
the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was $190.0 million, an increase of $20.0 million, or 12%, compared to $170.0 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The increase in noninterest income for the nine months ended September
30, 2016 when compared to the same period in 2015 was primarily due to a pre-tax gain of $41.9 million resulting from the sale of ONI in May 2016 and noninterest income attributable to the Anchor acquisition. The increase in noninterest income
was partially offset by a $15.4 million gain on branch divestitures in the third quarter of 2015 and lower insurance premiums and commissions.    Wealth
management fees increased $0.3 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 when compared to the same period in 2015 reflecting higher mutual fund fees, personal trust fees, and fiduciary account fees. Wealth management fees decreased
$0.2 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 when compared to the same period in 2015 reflecting lower personal trust fees and fiduciary account fees, partially offset by higher mutual fund fees and tax preparation fees.  
 Service charges and overdraft fees decreased $2.2 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 when compared to the same period in 2015 primarily due
to our divestiture of the southern Illinois region during the third quarter of 2015, partially offset by service charges and overdraft fees attributable to the Anchor acquisition.  
 Debit card and ATM fees increased $0.4 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 when compared to the same period in 2015 reflecting debit card
and ATM fees attributable to the Anchor acquisition. Debit card and ATM fees decreased $5.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 when compared to the same period  
      66  

Table of Contents  

in 2015 as the Durbin Amendment, which limits interchange fees on debit card transactions for banks with $10 billion or more in assets, became effective for us on July 1, 2015. The decrease
in debit card and ATM fees was partially offset by debit card and ATM fees attributable to the Anchor acquisition.    Mortgage banking revenue increased
$4.5 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and $5.4 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 when compared to the same periods in 2015. These increases were primarily due to increased sales to the secondary market in
2016 and an increase in production attributable to our new associates in the Wisconsin region.    Insurance premiums and commissions decreased $9.8 million
for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and $11.8 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 when compared to the same periods in 2015 reflecting the sale of ONI in May 2016.  
 Gain on sale leaseback transactions decreased $1.2 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and $2.1 million for the nine months ended September
30, 2016 when compared to the same periods in 2015. The decreases in the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 reflected the repurchase of fourteen bank properties in the fourth quarter of 2015 that were previously leased. As of
September 30, 2016, $31.1 million of deferred gains associated with prior sale leaseback transactions remained, which will be recognized over the remaining term of the leases.  
 In the second quarter of 2016, we recorded a $41.9 million pre-tax gain resulting from the sale of ONB Insurance Group, Inc. in May 2016. The after-tax gain
related to the sale totaled $17.6 million.    In the third quarter of 2015, we recorded a net gain of $15.4 million in connection with the August 2015
divestitures of our southern Illinois region (twelve branches) along with four branches in eastern Indiana and one in Ohio.     Noninterest Income Related
to Covered Assets     In 2011, Old National acquired the banking operations of Integra Bank N.A. in an FDIC-assisted transaction. The FDIC had agreed
to reimburse Old National for losses incurred on certain acquired loans, and we recorded an indemnification asset at fair value on the date that we acquired these loans. The indemnification asset, on the acquisition date, reflected the
reimbursements expected to be received from the FDIC. Deterioration in the expected credit quality of both OREO and loans increased the basis of the indemnification asset. The offset for both OREO and loans was recorded through the consolidated
statement of income. Increases in the credit quality or cash flows of loans (reflected as an adjustment to yield and accreted into income over the remaining life of the loans) decreased the basis of the indemnification asset, with the decrease being
amortized into income over the same period or the life of the loss share agreements, whichever was shorter.    Old National entered into an agreement with
the FDIC on June 22, 2016 to terminate its loss share agreements. Under the early termination agreement, the FDIC made a final payment of $8.7 million to Old National as consideration for the early termination. After the elimination of the
remaining FDIC indemnification asset and the payment of settlement charges, Old National realized a pre-tax gain of $0.2 million during the three months ended June 30, 2016. All remaining assets that were covered by the loss share arrangements
were reclassified to noncovered assets effective June 22, 2016. All future gains and losses associated with covered assets will be recognized entirely by Old National.  
  Noninterest Expense     Noninterest expense for the three
months ended September 30, 2016 totaled $108.1 million, an increase of $5.5 million, or 5%, from $102.6 million for the three months ended September 30, 2015. Included in noninterest expense for the three months ended September 30, 2016 were
$5.5 million of expenses associated with the acquisition and integration of Anchor and $16.4 million of on-going costs associated with the operation of the 46 branches acquired from Anchor on May 1, 2016. Partially offsetting the increase in
costs associated with the Anchor acquisition were the reduction of costs associated with the operation of our Illinois franchise that was sold in August 2015 and our insurance business which was sold May 31, 2016.  
      67  

Table of Contents  

  Noninterest expense for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 totaled $327.9 million compared to $328.5
million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. Noninterest expense remained relatively constant during these time periods despite our transition into the higher growth markets in Wisconsin, the divestitures of our Illinois franchise and our
insurance business, and other branch restructuring during 2015.    Salaries and benefits is the largest component of noninterest expense. For the three
and nine months ended September 30, 2016, salaries and benefits were $60.9 million and $180.5 million, respectively, compared to $58.2 million and $187.1 million, respectively, for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015. Impacting
salaries and benefits expense were the acquisition of Anchor and the divestitures described above. Also contributing to the decrease in salaries and benefits year over year were lower incentive bonus accruals in 2016 along with $4.8 million of
severance expense that was recorded in 2015 related to early retirement offers and other workforce reductions.    Occupancy expenses decreased $0.1 million
for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and $2.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 when compared to the same periods in 2015 primarily due to branch divestures and consolidations in the third quarter of 2015. The decreases
were partially offset by occupancy expenses attributable to the Anchor acquisition.    Data processing expense increased $1.6 million for the three months
ended September 30, 2016 and $2.8 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 when compared to the same periods in 2015 primarily due additional expenses recorded in 2016 associated with the Anchor acquisition.  
 Professional fees increased $0.8 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and $2.9 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 when
compared to the same periods in 2015 primarily due additional expenses recorded in 2016 associated with the Anchor acquisition.    Other expense was $3.8
million for the three months ended September 30, 2016, compared to $7.3 million for the three months ended September 30, 2015. The decrease was primarily due to lower provision for unfunded commitments of $1.8 million, costs associated with branch
divestitures, closures, and consolidations primarily due to asset impairments and lease termination settlements totaling $1.2 million for the three months ended September 30, 2015, and lower charitable contributions of $0.8 million. Other
expense was $17.8 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared to $20.2 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The decrease reflected costs associated with branch divestitures, closures, and consolidations
primarily due to asset impairments and lease termination settlements totaling $6.5 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. Offsetting this decrease were higher charitable contributions of $2.0 million, higher provision for unfunded
commitments of $0.4 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, and other expenses associated with the Anchor acquisition of $1.7 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016.  
  Provision for Income Taxes     We record a provision for
income taxes currently payable and for income taxes payable or benefits to be received in the future, which arise due to timing differences in the recognition of certain items for financial statement and income tax purposes. The major
difference between the effective tax rate applied to our financial statement income and the federal statutory tax rate is caused by interest on tax-exempt securities and loans. The provision for income taxes, as a percentage of pre-tax income,
was 24.0% for the three months ended September 30, 2016, compared to 30.3% for the three months ended September 30, 2015. The provision for income taxes, as a percentage of pre-tax income, was 33.8% for the nine months ended September 30, 2016,
compared to 29.0% for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. In accordance with ASC 740-270, Accounting for Interim Reporting, the provision for income taxes was recorded at September 30, 2016 based on the current estimate of the effective
annual rate. The lower effective tax rate during the three months ended September 30, 2016 when compared to the three months ended September 30, 2015 is the result of a decrease in pre-tax book income as well as a reduction in state income tax
expense. The higher effective tax rate during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 when compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2015 is the result of an increase in pre-tax book income, primarily due to the sale of ONB Insurance
Group, Inc. in May 2016, as well as additional tax expense of $8.3 million to record a deferred tax liability relating to ONB Insurance Group, Inc. s nondeductible goodwill. See Note 19 to the consolidated financial statements for
additional information.  
      68  

Table of Contents  

   FINANCIAL CONDITION   
  Overview     At September 30, 2016, our assets were $14.703
billion, a $2.789 billion increase compared to assets of $11.914 billion at September 30, 2015, and a $2.711 billion increase compared to assets of $11.992 billion at December 31, 2015. The increases were primarily due to the acquisition of
Anchor in May 2016, which had $2.166 billion in assets as of the closing date of the acquisition.     Earning Assets   
 Our earning assets are comprised of investment securities, portfolio loans, loans held for sale, money market investments, interest earning accounts with the
Federal Reserve, and trading securities. Earning assets were $12.718 billion at September 30, 2016, a $2.375 billion increase compared to earning assets of $10.343 billion at September 30, 2015, and a $2.247 billion increase compared to earning
assets of $10.471 billion at December 31, 2015.     Investment Securities   
 We classify the majority of our investment securities as available-for-sale to give management the flexibility to sell the securities prior to maturity if
needed, based on fluctuating interest rates or changes in our funding requirements. However, we also have $11.8 million of 15- and 20-year fixed-rate mortgage-backed securities, $140.4 million of U.S. government-sponsored entity and agency
securities, and $698.6 million of state and political subdivision securities in our held-to-maturity investment portfolio at September 30, 2016.  
 Trading securities, which consist of mutual funds held in trusts associated with deferred compensation plans for former directors and executives, are recorded
at fair value and totaled $5.0 million at September 30, 2016 compared to $3.8 million at September 30, 2015. The increase was primarily due to the acquisition of Anchor, which had $0.9 million in assets as of the closing date of the
acquisition.    At September 30, 2016, the investment securities portfolio was $3.716 billion compared to $3.461 billion at September 30, 2015, an increase
of $255.3 million, or 7%. Investment securities increased $335.8 million, or 10%, compared to December 31, 2015. Investment securities represented 29% of earning assets at September 30, 2016, compared to 33% at September 30, 2015, and 32% at
December 31, 2015. Investment securities attributable to the Anchor acquisition totaled $239.8 million as of the closing date of the acquisition. Investment securities also decreased as a percentage of total earning assets due to a
proportionately larger increase in loan balances. Stronger commercial loan demand in the future and management s decision to deleverage the balance sheet could result in a reduction in the securities portfolio. As of September 30, 2016,
Old National does not intend to sell any securities in an unrealized loss position and does not believe it will be required to sell such securities.    The
investment securities available-for-sale portfolio had net unrealized gains of $23.5 million at September 30, 2016, compared to net unrealized gains of $1.2 million at September 30, 2015, and net unrealized losses of $5.8 million at
December 31, 2015. Net unrealized gains (losses) improved from December 31, 2015 to September 30, 2016 due to a decline in interest rates and a change in the mix of investment securities.  
 The investment portfolio had an effective duration of 3.75 at September 30, 2016, compared to 4.03 at September 30, 2015, and 3.99 at December 31,
2015. Effective duration measures the percentage change in value of the portfolio in response to a change in interest rates. Generally, there is more uncertainty in interest rates over a longer average maturity, resulting in a higher
duration percentage. The annualized average yields on investment securities, on a taxable equivalent basis, were 2.79% for the three months ended September 30, 2016, compared to 2.85% for the three months ended September 30, 2015, and 2.87% for
the three months ended December 31, 2015. The annualized average yields on investment securities, on a taxable equivalent basis, were 2.85% for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared to 2.80% for the nine months ended
September 30, 2015, and 2.82% for the year ended December 31, 2015.  
      69  

Table of Contents  

   Loans Held for Sale   
 Mortgage loans held for immediate sale in the secondary market were $60.5 million at September 30, 2016, compared to $18.8 million at September 30, 2015 and
$13.8 million at December 31, 2015. The mortgage loans are sold at or prior to origination at a contracted price to an outside investor on a best efforts basis and remain on the Company s balance sheet for a short period of time (typically
30 to 60 days). These loans are sold without recourse and Old National has experienced no material losses. Mortgage originations are subject to volatility due to interest rates and home sales.  
 We have elected the fair value option under FASB ASC 825-10 (SFAS No. 159) for residential loans held for sale. The aggregate fair value exceeded the
unpaid principal balance by $1.7 million as of September 30, 2016 and $0.5 million as of September 30, 2015. The aggregate fair value exceeded the unpaid principal balance by $0.2 million as of December 31, 2015.  
 During the fourth quarter of 2014, $197.9 million of loans were reclassified to loans held for sale at the lower of cost or fair value. When the branch
divestitures closed during the third quarter of 2015, these loans were valued at $193.6 million, resulting in a gain of $0.1 million. At September 30, 2016, there were no loans held for sale under this arrangement. See Note 3 to the
consolidated financial statements for additional information.     Commercial and Commercial Real Estate Loans   
 Commercial and commercial real estate loans are the largest classification within earning assets, representing 39% of earning assets at September 30, 2016,
compared to 35% at September 30, 2015 and December 31, 2015. At September 30, 2016, commercial and commercial real estate loans were $4.929 billion, an increase of $1.308 billion, or 36%, compared to September 30, 2015, and an increase of
$1.245 billion, or 34%, compared to December 31, 2015. Commercial and commercial real estate loans attributable to the Anchor acquisition totaled $967.9 million as of the closing date of the acquisition.  
  Residential Real Estate Loans     At September 30, 2016,
residential real estate loans held in our loan portfolio were $2.105 billion, an increase of $447.0 million, or 27%, compared to September 30, 2015, and an increase of $443.9 million, or 27%, compared to December 31, 2015. Residential real estate
loans attributable to the Anchor acquisition totaled $456.1 million as of the closing date of the acquisition.     Consumer Loans   
 At September 30, 2016, consumer loans, including automobile loans, personal and home equity loans and lines of credit, and student loans, increased $302.1
million, or 19%, compared to September 30, 2015, and increased $267.6 million, or 17%, from December 31, 2015. Consumer loans attributable to the Anchor acquisition totaled $213.0 million as of the closing date of the acquisition.  
  Covered Assets     On July 29, 2011, Old National acquired
the banking operations of Integra in an FDIC assisted transaction. We entered into separate loss sharing agreements with the FDIC providing for specified credit loss protection for substantially all acquired single family residential loans,
commercial loans, and OREO. Old National entered into an agreement with the FDIC on June 22, 2016 to terminate its loss share agreements. Under the early termination agreement, the FDIC made a final payment of $8.7 million to Old National
as consideration for the early termination. After the elimination of the remaining FDIC indemnification asset and the payment of settlement charges, Old National realized a pre-tax gain of $0.2 million during the three months ended June 30,
2016. All remaining assets that were covered by the loss share arrangements were reclassified to noncovered assets effective June 22, 2016. All future gains and losses associated with covered assets will be recognized entirely by Old
National.  
      70  

Table of Contents  

   Premises and Equipment   
 Premises and equipment, net of accumulated depreciation increased $202.9 million since September 30, 2015 and $136.6 million since December 31,
2015. During the fourth quarter of 2015, the Company purchased 14 branches that it had previously leased for an aggregate purchase price of approximately $66.2 million. During the third quarter of 2016, the Company purchased our corporate
office and 2 bank properties that it had previously leased for an aggregate purchase price of approximately $98.4 million. Premises and equipment attributable to the Anchor acquisition totaled $35.7 million as of the closing date of the
acquisition.     Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets   
 Goodwill and other intangible assets at September 30, 2016 totaled $696.1 million, an increase of $73.3 million compared to $622.8 million at September 30,
2015, and an increase of $76.2 million compared to $619.9 million at December 31, 2015. During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, we recorded $133.1 million of goodwill and other intangible assets associated with the acquisition of
Anchor. Also during the nine months ended September 30, 2016, Old National eliminated $47.7 million of goodwill and intangible assets associated with the sale of its insurance operations.  
  Net Deferred Tax Assets     Net deferred tax assets
increased $52.1 million since September 30, 2015 and $59.5 million since December 31, 2015 primarily due to the acquisition of Anchor. Net deferred tax assets acquired from Anchor totaled $98.1 million, consisting primarily of deferred tax
assets related to federal and state net operating loss carryforwards and acquired loans. Offsetting the increases in net deferred tax assets were reversals of $46.0 million since September 30, 2015 and $38.6 million since December 31, 2015,
comprised primarily of pre-acquisition book and tax differences. See Note 19 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information.  
  Other Assets     Other assets decreased $20.9 million, or
14%, since September 30, 2015 primarily due to a decrease in accounts receivable related to the timing of investment securities sales and lower deferred lease expense, partially offset by an increase in low income housing partnership
investments. Other assets increased $23.5 million, or 22%, since December 31, 2015 primarily due to an increase in low income housing partnership investments.  
  Funding     Total funding, comprised of deposits and
wholesale borrowings, was $12.670 billion at September 30, 2016, an increase of $2.455 billion from $10.215 billion at September 30, 2015, and an increase of $2.349 billion from $10.321 billion at December 31, 2015. Included in total funding
were deposits of $10.647 billion at September 30, 2016, an increase of $2.025 billion, or 24%, compared to September 30, 2015, and an increase of $2.246 billion, or 27%, compared to December 31, 2015. Deposits attributable to the Anchor
acquisition totaled $1.853 billion as of the closing date of the acquisition. Noninterest-bearing deposits increased $555.5 million from September 30, 2015 to September 30, 2016. NOW deposits increased $485.1 million from September 30,
2015 to September 30, 2016, while savings deposits increased $762.6 million. Money market deposits decreased $355.2 million from September 30, 2015 to September 30, 2016, while time deposits increased $577.5 million.  
 We use wholesale funding to augment deposit funding and to help maintain our desired interest rate risk position. At September 30, 2016, wholesale
borrowings, including short-term borrowings and other borrowings, totaled $2.023 billion, an increase of $429.3 million, or 27%, from September 30, 2015, and an increase of $102.9 million, or 5%, from December 31, 2015. Wholesale funding as a
percentage of total funding was 16% at September 30, 2016, 16% at September 30, 2015, and 19% at December 31, 2015. The increase in wholesale funding from September 30, 2015 to September 30, 2016 was primarily due to an increase in Federal Home
Loan Bank advances, which is reported in other borrowings.  
      71  

Table of Contents  

   Accrued Expenses and Other Liabilities   
 Accrued expenses and other liabilities decreased $23.8 million, or 11%, since September 30, 2015 primarily due to a decrease in deferred gain on sale leaseback
transactions and lower accrued expenses and other liabilities resulting from the divestiture of our insurance operations, partially offset by an increase in unfunded commitments on low income housing partnership investments. Accrued expenses and
other liabilities increased $19.6 million, or 11%, from December 31, 2015 primarily due to increases in unfunded commitments on low income housing partnership investments and derivative liabilities, partially offset by lower accrued expenses and
other liabilities resulting from the divestiture of our insurance operations.     Capital   
 Shareholders  equity totaled $1.834 billion at September 30, 2016, compared to $1.476 billion at September 30, 2015 and $1.491 billion at December 31,
2015. Shareholders  equity at September 30, 2016 included $273.6 million from the 20.4 million shares of common stock that were issued in conjunction with the acquisition of Anchor. The change in unrealized gains (losses) on
investment securities increased equity by $18.7 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2016. We paid cash dividends of $0.39 per share for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, which reduced equity by $50.0 million.  
  Capital Adequacy     Old National and the banking industry
are subject to various regulatory capital requirements administered by the federal banking agencies. Beginning in 2015, we are reflecting the new Basel III requirements in the tables below. At September 30, 2016, Old National and its bank
subsidiary exceeded the regulatory minimums and Old National Bank met the regulatory definition of well-capitalized based on the most recent regulatory definition.  
 As of September 30, 2016, Old National s consolidated capital position remains strong as evidenced by the following comparisons of key industry ratios.
     
   N/A = not applicable  
      72  

Table of Contents  

  As of September 30, 2016, Old National Bank, Old National s bank subsidiary, maintained a strong capital
position as evidenced by the following comparisons of key industry ratios.      
   The Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act requires bank holding companies and any subsidiary banks with
consolidated assets of more than $10 billion and less than $50 billion, including Old National, to complete and publicly disclose annual stress tests. The objective of the stress test is to ensure that the financial institution has capital
planning processes that account for its unique risks, and to help ensure that the institution has sufficient capital to continue operations throughout times of economic and financial stress. The stress tests are conducted with baseline,
adverse, and severely adverse economic scenarios. Old National completed its annual stress test that covered a nine-quarter planning horizon beginning January 1, 2016 and ending on March 31, 2018 and publicly disclosed a summary of the stress
test results on October 25, 2016. The stress test showed that Old National would maintain capital levels well above the regulatory guideline minimum levels for all periods and under all stress test scenarios.  
  RISK MANAGEMENT      Overview   
 Old National has adopted a Risk Appetite Statement to enable the Board of Directors, Executive Leadership Group, and Senior Management to better assess,
understand, and mitigate the risks of the Company. The Risk Appetite Statement addresses the following major risks: strategic, market, liquidity, credit, operational/technology, regulatory/compliance/legal, reputational, and human
resources. Our Chief Risk Officer is independent of management and reports directly to the Chair of the Board s Enterprise Risk Management Committee. The following discussion addresses three of these major risks: credit, market, and
liquidity.     Credit Risk     Credit risk represents the
risk of loss arising from an obligor s inability or failure to meet contractual payment or performance terms. Our primary credit risks result from our investment and lending activities.  
  Investment Activities     We carry a higher exposure to loss
in our pooled trust preferred securities, which are collateralized debt obligations, due to illiquidity in that market and the performance of the underlying collateral. At September 30, 2016, we had pooled trust preferred securities with a fair
value of $6.8 million, or less than 1% of the available-for-sale securities portfolio. These securities remained classified as available-for-sale and at September 30, 2016, the unrealized loss on our pooled trust preferred securities was
approximately $10.2 million. The fair value of these securities should improve as we get closer to maturity. There was no other-than-temporary-impairment recorded during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 or 2015.  
 All of our mortgage-backed securities are backed by U.S. government-sponsored or federal agencies. Municipal bonds, corporate bonds, and other debt
securities are evaluated by reviewing the credit-worthiness of the issuer and general market conditions. See Note 6 to the consolidated financial statements for additional details about our investment security portfolio.  
      73  

Table of Contents  

   Counterparty Exposure   
 Counterparty exposure is the risk that the other party in a financial transaction will not fulfill its obligation. We define counterparty exposure as
nonperformance risk in transactions involving federal funds sold and purchased, repurchase agreements, correspondent bank relationships, and derivative contracts with companies in the financial services industry. Old National manages exposure
to counterparty risk in connection with its derivatives transactions by generally engaging in transactions with counterparties having ratings of at least A by Standard   Poor s Rating Service or A2 by Moody s Investors
Service. Total credit exposure is monitored by counterparty, and managed within limits that management believes to be prudent. Old National s net counterparty exposure was an asset of $58.8 million at September 30, 2016.  
  Lending Activities      Commercial   
 Commercial and industrial loans are made primarily for the purpose of financing equipment acquisition, expansion, working capital, and other general business
purposes. Lease financing consists of direct financing leases and are used by commercial customers to finance capital purchases ranging from computer equipment to transportation equipment. The credit decisions for these transactions are
based upon an assessment of the overall financial capacity of the applicant. A determination is made as to the applicant s ability to repay in accordance with the proposed terms as well as an overall assessment of the risks
involved. In addition to an evaluation of the applicant s financial condition, a determination is made of the probable adequacy of the primary and secondary sources of repayment, such as additional collateral or personal guarantees, to be
relied upon in the transaction. Credit agency reports of the applicant s credit history supplement the analysis of the applicant s creditworthiness.  
 Commercial mortgages and construction loans are offered to real estate investors, developers, and builders primarily domiciled in the geographic market areas
we serve: Indiana, Kentucky, Michigan, and Wisconsin. These loans are secured by first mortgages on real estate at loan-to-value ( LTV ) margins deemed appropriate for the property type, quality, location, and
sponsorship. Generally, these LTV ratios do not exceed 80%. The commercial properties are predominantly non-residential properties such as retail centers, apartments, industrial properties and, to a lesser extent, more specialized
properties. Substantially all of our commercial real estate loans are secured by properties located in our primary market area.    In the underwriting
of our commercial real estate loans, we obtain appraisals for the underlying properties. Decisions to lend are based on the economic viability of the property and the creditworthiness of the borrower. In evaluating a proposed commercial
real estate loan, we primarily emphasize the ratio of the property s projected net cash flows to the loan s debt service requirement. The debt service coverage ratio normally is not less than 120% and it is computed after deduction for a
vacancy factor and property expenses as appropriate. In addition, a personal guarantee of the loan or a portion thereof is often required from the principal(s) of the borrower. In most cases, we require title insurance insuring the priority of our
lien, fire, and extended coverage casualty insurance, and flood insurance, if appropriate, in order to protect our security interest in the underlying property. In addition, business interruption insurance or other insurance may be required.
   Construction loans are underwritten against projected cash flows derived from rental income, business income from an owner-occupant, or the sale of the
property to an end-user. We may mitigate the risks associated with these types of loans by requiring fixed-price construction contracts, performance and payment bonding, controlled disbursements, and pre-sale contracts or pre-lease agreements.
    Consumer     We offer a variety of first mortgage and
junior lien loans to consumers within our markets, with residential home mortgages comprising our largest consumer loan category. These loans are secured by a primary residence and are underwritten using traditional underwriting systems to
assess the credit risks of the consumer. Decisions are primarily based on LTV ratios, debt-to-income ( DTI ) ratios, liquidity, and credit scores. A maximum LTV ratio of 80% is generally required, although higher levels are
permitted with mortgage insurance or other mitigating factors. We offer fixed rate mortgages and variable rate mortgages with interest rates that are subject to change every year after the first, third, fifth, or seventh year, depending on the
product and are based on fully-indexed rates such as the Prime Rate. We do not offer payment-option facilities, sub-prime loans, or any product with negative amortization.  
      74  

Table of Contents  

  Home equity loans are secured primarily by second mortgages on residential property of the borrower. The
underwriting terms for the home equity product generally permits borrowing availability, in the aggregate, up to 90% of the appraised value of the collateral property at the time of origination. We offer fixed and variable rate home equity
loans, with variable rate loans underwritten at fully-indexed rates. Decisions are primarily based on LTV ratios, DTI ratios, liquidity, and credit scores. We do not offer home equity loan products with reduced documentation.  
 Automobile loans include loans and leases secured by new or used automobiles. We originate automobile loans and leases primarily on an indirect basis
through selected dealerships. We require borrowers to maintain collision insurance on automobiles securing consumer loans, with us listed as loss payee. Our procedures for underwriting automobile loans include an assessment of an
applicant s overall financial capacity, including credit history and the ability to meet existing obligations and payments on the proposed loan. Although an applicant s creditworthiness is the primary consideration, the underwriting
process also includes a comparison of the value of the collateral security to the proposed loan amount.    We assumed student loans in the acquisition of
Anchor in May 2016. As of September 30, 2016, student loans totaled $80.5 million and are guaranteed by the government from 97% to 100%.     Asset
Quality     Community-based lending personnel, along with region-based independent underwriting and analytic support staff, extend credit under guidelines
established and administered by our Enterprise Risk Committee. This committee, which meets quarterly, is made up of outside directors. The committee monitors credit quality through its review of information such as delinquencies, credit
exposures, peer comparisons, problem loans, and charge-offs. In addition, the committee reviews and approves recommended loan policy changes to assure it remains appropriate for the current lending environment.  
 We lend primarily to small- and medium-sized commercial and commercial real estate clients in various industries including manufacturing, agribusiness,
transportation, mining, wholesaling, and retailing. At September 30, 2016, we had no concentration of loans in any single industry exceeding 10% of our portfolio and had minimal exposure to foreign borrowers and no sovereign debt. Our
policy is to concentrate our lending activity in the geographic market areas we serve, primarily Indiana, Kentucky, Michigan, and Wisconsin. We are experiencing a slow and gradual improvement in the economy of our principal markets. Management
expects that trends in under-performing, criticized, and classified loans will be influenced by the degree to which the economy strengthens or weakens.  
 During the third quarter of 2011, Old National acquired the banking operations of Integra Bank in an FDIC assisted transaction. The Company entered into
separate loss sharing agreements with the FDIC providing for specified credit loss protection for substantially all acquired single family residential loans, commercial loans, and other real estate owned. In accordance with accounting for
business combinations, there was no allowance brought forward on any of the acquired loans, as the credit losses evident in the loans were included in the determination of the fair value of the loans at the acquisition date. On June 22, 2016,
Old National entered into an agreement with the FDIC that terminated its loss share agreements. As a result of the termination of the loss share agreements, the remaining assets that were covered by the loss share arrangements were reclassified
to noncovered assets effective June 22, 2016.    On May 1, 2016, Old National closed on its acquisition of Anchor. As of the closing date of the
acquisition, loans totaled $1.637 billion and other real estate owned totaled $18.2 million. In accordance with accounting for business combinations, there was no allowance brought forward on any of the acquired loans, as the credit losses
evident in the loans were included in the determination of the fair value of the loans at the acquisition date. Old National reviewed the acquired loans and determined that as of September 30, 2016, $16.7 million met the definition of
criticized and $39.3 million were considered classified (of which $35.0 million are reported with nonaccrual loans). Our current preference would be to work these loans and avoid foreclosure actions unless additional credit deterioration
becomes apparent. These acquired impaired loans, along with $14.1 million of other real estate owned, are included in our summary of under-performing, criticized, and classified assets found below.  
      75  

Table of Contents  

  Summary of under-performing, criticized, and classified assets:  

(1) 
 The Company entered into separate loss sharing agreements with the FDIC providing for specified credit loss protection for substantially all acquired single family residential loans, commercial loans, and other real
estate owned. On June 22, 2016, Old National entered into an early termination agreement with the FDIC that terminated all loss share agreements. The Company reclassified all covered assets to noncovered assets effective June 22, 2016.

(4) 
 Loans exclude loans held for sale.    

(5) 
 Non-performing loans include nonaccrual and renegotiated loans.    

(6) 
 Because the acquired loans were recorded at fair value in accordance with ASC 805 at the date of acquisition, the credit risk is incorporated in the fair value recorded. No allowance for loan losses is recorded on
the acquisition date.      Under-performing assets totaled $189.5 million at September 30, 2016, compared to $169.1 million at September 30,
2015 and $160.1 million at December 31, 2015. Under-performing assets as a percentage of total loans and other real estate owned at September 30, 2016 were 2.12%, a decrease of 34 basis points from 2.46% at September 30, 2015 and a decrease of
18 basis points from 2.30% at December 31, 2015.  
      76  

Table of Contents  

  Nonaccrual loans were $151.5 million at September 30, 2016, compared to $140.7 million at September 30, 2015 and
$132.4 million at December 31, 2015. Nonaccrual loans increased from September 30, 2015 primarily due to an increase in nonaccrual commercial real estate and consumer loans, partially offset a decrease in nonaccrual commercial
loans. Nonaccrual loans at September 30, 2016 included $35.0 million of loans related to the Anchor acquisition. As a percentage of nonaccrual loans, the allowance for loan losses was 34.03% at September 30, 2016, compared to 36.42% at
September 30, 2015 and 39.46% at December 31, 2015. Purchased credit impaired loans that were included in the nonaccrual category because the collection of principal or interest is doubtful totaled $25.7 million at September 30, 2016, compared
to $20.0 million at September 30, 2015 and $15.9 million at December 31, 2015. However, they are accounted for under FASB ASC 310-30 and accordingly treated as performing assets. We would expect our nonaccrual loans to remain at elevated
levels until management can work through and resolve these purchased credit impaired loans.    Total criticized and classified assets were $365.9 million at
September 30, 2016, a decrease of $39.0 million from September 30, 2015, and an increase of $11.4 million from December 31, 2015. Other classified assets include investment securities that fell below investment grade rating totaling $6.6
million at September 30, 2016, compared to $11.3 million at September 30, 2015 and $6.9 million at December 31, 2015.    Old National may choose to
restructure the contractual terms of certain loans. The decision to restructure a loan, versus aggressively enforcing the collection of the loan, may benefit Old National by increasing the ultimate probability of collection.  
 Any loans that are modified are reviewed by Old National to identify if a troubled debt restructuring ( TDR ) has occurred, which is when, for
economic or legal reasons related to a borrower s financial difficulties, the Bank grants a concession to the borrower that it would not otherwise consider. Terms may be modified to fit the ability of the borrower to repay in line with its
current financial status. The modification of the terms of such loans include one or a combination of the following: a reduction of the stated interest rate of the loan, an extension of the maturity date at a stated rate of interest lower
than the current market rate of new debt with similar risk, or a permanent reduction of the recorded investment of the loan.    Loans modified in a TDR are
typically placed on nonaccrual status until we determine the future collection of principal and interest is reasonably assured, which generally requires that the borrower demonstrate a period of performance according to the restructured terms for
six months.    If we are unable to resolve a nonperforming loan issue, the credit will be charged off when it is apparent there will be a loss. For
large commercial type loans, each relationship is individually analyzed for evidence of apparent loss based on quantitative benchmarks or subjectively based upon certain events or particular circumstances. Old National charges off small
commercial loans scored through our small business credit center with contractual balances under $250,000 that have been placed on nonaccrual status or became 90 days or more delinquent, without regard to the collateral position. For
residential and consumer loans, a charge off is recorded at the time foreclosure is initiated or when the loan becomes 120 to 180 days past due, whichever is earlier.  
 For commercial TDRs, an allocated reserve is established within the allowance for loan losses for the difference between the carrying value of the loan and
its computed value. To determine the value of the loan, one of the following methods is selected: (1) the present value of expected cash flows discounted at the loan s original effective interest rate, (2) the loan s observable market
price, or (3) the fair value of the collateral value, if the loan is collateral dependent. The allocated reserve is established as the difference between the carrying value of the loan and the collectable value. If there are significant
changes in the amount or timing of the loan s expected future cash flows, impairment is recalculated and the valuation allowance is adjusted accordingly.  
 When a residential or consumer loan is identified as a troubled debt restructuring, the loan is typically written down to its collateral value less selling
costs.    At September 30, 2016, our TDRs consisted of $18.7 million of commercial loans, $19.8 million of commercial real estate loans, $2.6 million of
residential loans, and $2.7 million of consumer loans totaling $43.8 million. Approximately $29.9 million of the TDRs at September 30, 2016 were included with nonaccrual loans. At December 31, 2015, our TDRs consisted of $23.4 million of
commercial loans, $14.6 million of commercial real estate loans, $2.7 million of residential loans, and $3.6 million of consumer loans totaling $44.3 million. Approximately $30.0 million of the TDRs at December 31, 2015 were included with
nonaccrual loans.  
      77  

Table of Contents  

  Old National has allocated specific reserves to customers whose loan terms have been modified in TDRs totaling
$6.2 million as of September 30, 2016 and $2.3 million of December 31, 2015. As of September 30, 2016, Old National had committed to lend an additional $4.5 million to customers with outstanding loans that are classified as TDRs.  
 The terms of certain other loans were modified during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 that did not meet the definition of a TDR. It is our
process to review all classified and criticized loans that, during the period, have been renewed, have entered into a forbearance agreement, have gone from principal and interest to interest only, or have extended the maturity date. In order to
determine whether a borrower is experiencing financial difficulty, an evaluation is performed of the probability that the borrower will be in payment default on its debt in the foreseeable future without the modification. The evaluation is
performed under our internal underwriting policy. We also evaluate whether a concession has been granted or if we were adequately compensated through a market interest rate, additional collateral, or a bona fide guarantee. We also consider
whether the modification was insignificant relative to the other terms of the agreement or the delay in a payment.    Purchased credit impaired
( PCI ) loans are not considered impaired until after the point at which there has been a degradation of cash flows below our expected cash flows at acquisition. If a PCI loan is subsequently modified, and meets the definition of a
TDR, it will be removed from PCI accounting and accounted for as a TDR only if the PCI loan was being accounted for individually. If the purchased credit impaired loan is being accounted for as part of a pool, it will not be removed from the
pool. As of September 30, 2016, it has not been necessary to remove any loans from PCI accounting.    In general, once a modified loan is considered a
TDR, the loan will always be considered a TDR, and therefore impaired, until it is paid in full, otherwise settled, sold, or charged off. However, guidance also permits for loans to be removed from TDR status when subsequently restructured
under these circumstances: (1) at the time of the subsequent restructuring, the borrower is not experiencing financial difficulties, and this is documented by a current credit evaluation at the time of the restructuring, (2) under the terms of the
subsequent restructuring agreement, the institution has granted no concession to the borrower; and (3) the subsequent restructuring agreement includes market terms that are no less favorable than those that would be offered for a comparable new
loan. For loans subsequently restructured that have cumulative principal forgiveness, the loan should continue to be measured in accordance with ASC 310-10,  Receivables   Overall . However, consistent with ASC 310-40-50-2,
 Troubled Debt Restructurings by Creditors, Creditor Disclosure of Troubled Debt Restructurings,  the loan would not be required to be reported in the years following the restructuring if the subsequent restructuring meets both of these
criteria: (1) has an interest rate at the time of the subsequent restructuring that is not less than a market interest rate; and (2) is performing in compliance with its modified terms after the subsequent restructuring.  
  Allowance for Loan Losses and Reserve for Unfunded Commitments   
 Loan charge-offs, net of recoveries, totaled $1.6 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016, compared to $(0.9) million for the three months ended
September 30, 2015. Annualized, net charge-offs (recoveries) to average loans were 0.07% for the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to (0.05)% for the three months ended September 30, 2015. Loan charge-offs, net of recoveries,
totaled $3.4 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared to $(0.9) million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. Annualized, net charge-offs (recoveries) to average loans were 0.06% for the nine months ended September
30, 2016 compared to (0.02)% for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. Management will continue its efforts to reduce the level of non-performing loans and may consider the possibility of sales of troubled and non-performing loans, which
could result in additional charge-offs to the allowance for loan losses.    To provide for the risk of loss inherent in extending credit, we maintain an
allowance for loan losses. The allowance for loan losses is maintained at a level believed adequate by management to absorb probable losses incurred in the consolidated loan portfolio. Management s evaluation of the adequacy of the
allowance is an estimate based on reviews of individual loans, pools of homogeneous loans, assessments of the impact of current and anticipated economic conditions on the portfolio, and historical loss experience.  
      78  

Table of Contents  

  At September 30, 2016, the allowance for loan losses was $51.5 million, an increase of $0.3 million compared to
$51.2 million at September 30, 2015, and a decrease of $0.7 million compared to $52.2 million at December 31, 2015. Over the last twelve months, charge-offs have remained low. Continued loan growth in future periods could result in an
increase in provision expense.    As a percentage of total loans excluding loans held for sale, the allowance was 0.58% at September 30, 2016, compared to
0.75% at September 30, 2015 and December 31, 2015. Our ratio of allowance for loan losses to total loans declined as of September 30, 2016 compared to September 30, 2015 and December 31, 2015 with the addition of Anchor s $1.637 billion
loan portfolio. In accordance with ASC 805, no allowance for loan losses is recorded at the date of acquisition and a reserve is only established to absorb any subsequent credit deterioration or adverse changes in expected cash flows.  
 The following table provides additional details of the following components of the allowance for loan losses at September 30, 2016, including FAS 5/ASC 450
(Accounting for Contingencies), FAS 114/ASC 310-35 (Accounting by Creditors for Impairment of a Loan) and SOP 03-3/ASC 310-30 (Accounting for Certain Loans or Debt Securities Acquired in a Transfer):  
   
   We maintain an allowance for losses on unfunded commercial lending commitments and letters of credit to provide for the risk
of loss inherent in these arrangements. The allowance is computed using a methodology similar to that used to determine the allowance for loan losses, modified to take into account the probability of a drawdown on the commitment. The
reserve for unfunded loan commitments is classified as a liability account on the balance sheet and totaled $3.5 million at September 30, 2016, compared to $3.6 million at December 31, 2015.  
  Market Risk     Market risk is the risk that the estimated
fair value of our assets, liabilities, and derivative financial instruments will decline as a result of changes in interest rates or financial market volatility, or that our net income will be significantly reduced by interest rate changes.  
 Interest rates have remained low for an extended period of time. During the third quarter of 2016, the yield curve flattened as the spread between short
and longer duration Treasuries tightened. These factors continue to put pressure on our net interest income and margin.    The objective of our
interest rate management process is to maximize net interest income while operating within acceptable limits established for interest rate risk and maintaining adequate levels of funding and liquidity.  
 Potential cash flows, sales, or replacement value of many of our assets and liabilities, especially those that earn or pay interest, are sensitive to changes
in the general level of interest rates. This interest rate risk arises primarily from our normal business activities of gathering deposits and extending loans. Many factors affect our exposure to changes in interest rates, such as general
economic and financial conditions, customer preferences, historical pricing relationships, and re-pricing characteristics of financial instruments. Our earnings can also be affected by the monetary and fiscal policies of the U.S. Government and
its agencies, particularly the Federal Reserve Board.  
      79  

Table of Contents  

  In managing interest rate risk, we, through the Funds Management Committee, a committee of the Board of
Directors, establish guidelines, for asset and liability management, including measurement of short and long-term sensitivities to changes in interest rates. Based on the results of our analysis, we may use different techniques to manage
changing trends in interest rates including:      

adjusting balance sheet mix or altering interest rate characteristics of assets and liabilities;        

changing product pricing strategies;        

modifying characteristics of the investment securities portfolio; or        

using derivative financial instruments, to a limited degree.      A key element in our ongoing process is to
measure and monitor interest rate risk using a model to quantify the impact of changing interest rates on the Company. The model quantifies the effects of various possible interest rate scenarios on projected net interest income. The model
measures the impact on net interest income relative to a base case scenario. The base case scenario assumes that the balance sheet and interest rates are held at current levels. The model shows our projected net interest income sensitivity
based on interest rate changes only and does not consider other forecast assumptions.    The following table illustrates our projected net interest income
sensitivity over a two year cumulative horizon based on the asset/liability model as of September 30, 2016 and 2015:      
   Our asset sensitivity increased slightly year over year primarily due to the Anchor acquisition in May 2016 and the resulting
changes in our balance sheet mix. We use derivative instruments to mitigate interest rate risk, including certain cash flow hedges on variable-rate debt with a notional amount of $625 million at September 30, 2016.
 
      80  

Table of Contents  

A key element in the measurement and modeling of interest rate risk is the re-pricing assumptions of our transaction deposit accounts, which have no contractual maturity dates. We assume
this deposit base is comprised of both core and more volatile balances and consists of both non-interest bearing and interest bearing accounts. Core deposit balances are assumed to be less interest rate sensitive and provide longer term
funding. Volatile balances are assumed to be more interest rate sensitive and shorter in term. As part of our semi-static balance sheet modeling, we assume interest rates paid on the volatile deposits move in conjunction with changes in
interest rates, in order to retain these deposits. This may include current non-interest bearing accounts.    Because the models are driven by expected
behavior in various interest rate scenarios and many factors besides market interest rates affect our net interest income, we recognize that model outputs are not guarantees of actual results. For this reason, we model many different
combinations of interest rates and balance sheet assumptions to understand our overall sensitivity to market interest rate changes, including shocks, yield curve flattening, yield curve steepening, as well as forecasts of likely interest rate
scenarios. As of September 30, 2016, our projected net interest income sensitivity based on the asset/liability models we utilize was within the limits of the Company s interest rate risk policy for the scenarios tested.  
 We use derivatives, primarily interest rate swaps, as one method to manage interest rate risk in the ordinary course of business. We also provide
derivatives to our commercial customers in connection with managing interest rate risk. Our derivatives had an estimated fair value loss of $17.0 million at September 30, 2016, compared to an estimated fair value loss of $11.0 million at
December 31, 2015. See Note 20 to the consolidated financial statements for further discussion of derivative financial instruments.  
  Liquidity Risk     Liquidity risk arises from the
possibility that we may not be able to satisfy current or future financial commitments, or may become unduly reliant on alternative funding sources. The Funds Management Committee of the Board of Directors establishes liquidity risk guidelines
and, along with the Balance Sheet Management Committee, monitors liquidity risk. The objective of liquidity management is to ensure we have the ability to fund balance sheet growth and meet deposit and debt obligations in a timely and
cost-effective manner. Management monitors liquidity through a regular review of asset and liability maturities, funding sources, and loan and deposit forecasts. We maintain strategic and contingency liquidity plans to ensure sufficient
available funding to satisfy requirements for balance sheet growth, properly manage capital markets  funding sources and to address unexpected liquidity requirements.  
 Loan repayments and maturing investment securities are a relatively predictable source of funds. However, deposit flows, calls of investment securities
and prepayments of loans and mortgage-related securities are strongly influenced by interest rates, the housing market, general and local economic conditions, and competition in the marketplace. We continually monitor marketplace trends to
identify patterns that might improve the predictability of the timing of deposit flows or asset prepayments.    A time deposit maturity schedule for Old
National Bank is shown in the following table for September 30, 2016.      
 
      81  

Table of Contents  

  Our ability to acquire funding at competitive prices is influenced by rating agencies  views of our credit
quality, liquidity, capital, and earnings. All of the rating agencies place us in an investment grade that indicates a low risk of default. For both Old National and Old National Bank:  

Moody s Investor Service confirmed the Long-Term Rating of A3 of Old National Bancorp s senior unsecured/issuer rating on May 2, 2016.    

Moody s Investor Service confirmed Old National Bank s long-term deposit rating of Aa3 on May 2, 2016. The bank s short-term deposit rating was affirmed at P-1 and the bank s issuer rating was
confirmed at A3.      The rating outlook from Moody s Investor Service is stable. Moody s Investor Service concluded a rating
review of Old National Bank on May 2, 2016.    The credit ratings of Old National and Old National Bank at September 30, 2016, are shown in the following
table.      

Moody s Investor Service   

Long-term   
    
   Short-term    

Old National Bancorp  
    
 A3 
    
 N/A  
 
   Old National Bank  
    
 Aa3 
    
 P-1  
   N/A = not applicable    Old
National Bank maintains relationships in capital markets with brokers and dealers to issue certificates of deposit and short-term and medium-term bank notes as well. As of September 30, 2016, Old National Bancorp and its subsidiaries had the
following availability of liquid funds and borrowings:      

* 
 Based on collateral pledged      The Parent Company (Old National Bancorp) has routine funding requirements
consisting primarily of operating expenses, dividends to shareholders, debt service, net derivative cash flows, and funds used for acquisitions. The Parent Company can obtain funding to meet its obligations from dividends and management fees
collected from its subsidiaries, operating line of credit, and through the issuance of debt securities. Additionally, the Parent Company has a shelf registration in place with the Securities and Exchange Commission permitting ready access to
the public debt and equity markets. At September 30, 2016, the Parent Company s other borrowings outstanding were $214.7 million.    Federal
banking laws regulate the amount of dividends that may be paid by banking subsidiaries without prior approval. Prior regulatory approval is required if dividends to be declared in any year would exceed net earnings of the current year plus
retained net profits for the preceding two years. Prior regulatory approval to pay dividends was not required in 2015 or 2016 and is not currently required.  
  OFF-BALANCE SHEET ARRANGEMENTS     Off-balance sheet
arrangements include commitments to extend credit and financial guarantees. Commitments to extend credit and financial guarantees are used to meet the financial needs of our customers. Our banking affiliates have entered into various
agreements to extend credit, including loan commitments of $2.245 billion and standby letters of credit of $58.3 million at September 30, 2016. At September 30, 2016, approximately $2.120 billion of the
 
      82  

Table of Contents  

loan commitments had fixed rates and $125.2 million had floating rates, with the floating rates ranging from 0% to 25%. At December 31, 2015, loan commitments were $1.746 billion and standby
letters of credit were $62.6 million. The term of these off-balance sheet arrangements is typically one year or less.    Old National entered into a risk
participation in an interest rate swap during the second quarter of 2007, which had a notional amount of $7.2 million at September 30, 2016. Old National entered into an additional risk participation in an interest rate swap during the third
quarter of 2014, which had a notional amount of $10.4 million at September 30, 2016.     CONTRACTUAL OBLIGATIONS   
 The following table presents our significant fixed and determinable contractual obligations at September 30, 2016:  

(2) 
 Our senior notes, subordinated notes, certain trust preferred securities, and certain Federal Home Loan Bank advances have fixed-rates ranging from 0.33% to 6.76%. All of our other long-term debt is at LIBOR based
variable-rates at September 30, 2016. The projected variable interest assumes no increase in LIBOR rates from September 30, 2016.    

(4) 
 Includes amount expected to be contributed to the Restoration Plan in 2016 (amounts for 2017 and beyond are unknown at this time) and unfunded commitments on qualified affordable housing projects and other tax credit
investments.      We rent certain premises and equipment under operating leases. See Note 11 to the consolidated financial statements for
additional information on long-term lease arrangements.    We are party to various derivative contracts as a means to manage the balance sheet and our
related exposure to changes in interest rates, to manage our residential real estate loan origination and sale activity, and to provide derivative contracts to our clients. Since the derivative liabilities recorded on the balance sheet change
frequently and do not represent the amounts that may ultimately be paid under these contracts, these liabilities are not included in the table of contractual obligations presented above. Further discussion of derivative instruments is included
in Note 20 to the consolidated financial statements.    In the normal course of business, various legal actions and proceedings are pending against us and
our affiliates which are incidental to the business in which they are engaged. Further discussion of contingent liabilities is included in Note 21 to the consolidated financial statements.  
 In addition, liabilities recorded under FASB ASC 740-10 (FASB Interpretation No. 48,  Accounting for Uncertainty in Income Taxes   an interpretation of
FASB Statement No. 109 ) are not included in the table because the amount and timing of any cash payments cannot be reasonably estimated. Further discussion of income taxes and liabilities recorded under FASB ASC 740-10 is included in Note 14 to
the consolidated financial statements of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015.  
      83  

Table of Contents  

   CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ESTIMATES   
 Our accounting policies are described in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December
31, 2015. Certain accounting policies require management to use significant judgment and estimates, which can have a material impact on the carrying value of certain assets and liabilities. We consider these policies to be critical
accounting policies. The judgment and assumptions made are based upon historical experience or other factors that management believes to be reasonable under the circumstances. Because of the nature of the judgment and assumptions, actual
results could differ from estimates, which could have a material effect on our financial condition and results of operations.    The following accounting
policies materially affect our reported earnings and financial condition and require significant judgments and estimates. Management has reviewed these critical accounting estimates and related disclosures with our Audit Committee.  
  Goodwill and Intangibles       

Description.  For acquisitions, we are required to record the assets acquired, including identified intangible assets, and the liabilities assumed at their fair value. These often involve estimates based on
third party valuations, such as appraisals, or internal valuations based on discounted cash flow analyses or other valuation techniques that may include estimates of attrition, inflation, asset growth rates, or other relevant factors. In
addition, the determination of the useful lives over which an intangible asset will be amortized is subjective. Under FASB ASC 350 (SFAS No. 142  Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets ), goodwill and indefinite-lived assets recorded must be
reviewed for impairment on an annual basis, as well as on an interim basis if events or changes indicate that the asset might be impaired. An impairment loss must be recognized for any excess of carrying value over fair value of the goodwill or
the indefinite-lived intangible asset.        

Judgments and Uncertainties.  The determination of fair values is based on valuations using management s assumptions of future growth rates, future attrition, discount rates, multiples of earnings or other
relevant factors.        

Effect if Actual Results Differ From Assumptions.  Changes in these factors, as well as downturns in economic or business conditions, could have a significant adverse impact on the carrying values of goodwill or
intangible assets and could result in impairment losses affecting our financials as a whole and the individual lines of business in which the goodwill or intangibles reside.    
  Acquired Impaired Loans       

Description.  Loans acquired with evidence of credit deterioration since inception and for which it is probable that all contractual payments will not be received are accounted for under ASC Topic 310-30,  Loans
and Debt Securities Acquired with Deteriorated Credit Quality  ( ASC 310-30 ). These loans are recorded at fair value at the time of acquisition, with no carryover of the related allowance for loan losses. Fair value of
acquired loans is determined using a discounted cash flow methodology based on assumptions about the amount and timing of principal and interest payments, principal prepayments and principal defaults and losses, and current market rates. In
recording the acquisition date fair values of acquired impaired loans, management calculates a non-accretable difference (the credit component of the purchased loans) and an accretable difference (the yield component of the purchased loans).
     Over the life of the acquired loans, we continue to estimate cash flows expected to be collected on pools of loans sharing
common risk characteristics, which are treated in the aggregate when applying various valuation techniques. We evaluate at each balance sheet date whether the present value of our pools of loans determined using the effective interest rates has
decreased significantly and if so, recognize a provision for loan loss in our consolidated statement of income. For any significant increases in cash flows expected to be collected, we adjust the amount of accretable yield recognized on a
prospective basis over the pool s remaining life.  
      84  

Table of Contents  

Judgments and Uncertainties.  These cash flow evaluations are inherently subjective as they require management to make estimates about expected cash flows, market conditions and other future events that are highly
subjective in nature and subject to change.        

Effect if Actual Results Differ From Assumptions.  Changes in these factors, as well as changing economic conditions will likely impact the carrying value of these acquired loans.    
  Allowance for Loan Losses       

Description.  The allowance for loan losses is maintained at a level believed adequate by management to absorb probable incurred losses in the consolidated loan portfolio. Management s evaluation of the
adequacy of the allowance is an estimate based on reviews of individual loans, pools of homogeneous loans, assessments of the impact of current and anticipated economic conditions on the portfolio, and historical loss experience. The allowance
represents management s best estimate, but significant downturns in circumstances relating to loan quality and economic conditions could result in a requirement for additional allowance. Likewise, an upturn in loan quality and improved
economic conditions may allow a reduction in the required allowance. In either instance, unanticipated changes could have a significant impact on results of operations.    
 The allowance is increased through a provision charged to operating expense. Uncollectible loans are charged-off through the
allowance. Recoveries of loans previously charged-off are added to the allowance. A loan is considered impaired when it is probable that contractual interest and principal payments will not be collected either for the amounts or by the
dates as scheduled in the loan agreement. Our policy for recognizing income on impaired loans is to accrue interest unless a loan is placed on nonaccrual status. A loan is generally placed on nonaccrual status when principal or interest
becomes 90 days past due unless it is well secured and in the process of collection, or earlier when concern exists as to the ultimate collectibility of principal or interest. We monitor the quality of our loan portfolio on an on-going basis
and use a combination of detailed credit assessments by relationship managers and credit officers, historic loss trends, and economic and business environment factors in determining the allowance for loan losses. We record provisions for loan
losses based on current loans outstanding, grade changes, mix of loans, and expected losses. A detailed loan loss evaluation on an individual loan basis for our highest risk loans is performed quarterly. Management follows the progress of
the economy and how it might affect our borrowers in both the near and the intermediate term. We have a formalized and disciplined independent loan review program to evaluate loan administration, credit quality, and compliance with corporate
loan standards. This program includes periodic reviews and regular reviews of problem loan reports, delinquencies and charge-offs.      

Judgments and Uncertainties.  We utilize a probability of default ( PD )/loss given default ( LGD ) model as a tool to determine the adequacy of the allowance for loan losses for performing
commercial and commercial real estate loans. The PD is forecast using a transition matrix to determine the likelihood of a customer s asset quality rating ( AQR ) migrating from its current AQR to any other status within the time
horizon. Transition rates are measured using Old National s own historical experience. The model assumes that recent historical transition rates will continue into the future. The LGD is defined as credit loss incurred when an
obligor of the bank defaults. The sum of all net charge-offs for a particular portfolio segment are divided by all loans that have defaulted over a given period of time. The expected loss derived from the model considers the PD, LGD, and
exposure at default. Additionally, qualitative factors, such as changes in lending policies or procedures, and economic business conditions are also considered.    
 We use historic loss ratios adjusted for economic conditions to determine the appropriate level of allowance for residential real estate and
consumer loans.      

Effect if Actual Results Differ From Assumptions.  The allowance represents management s best estimate, but significant downturns in circumstances relating to loan quality and economic conditions could result
in a requirement for additional allowance. Likewise, an upturn in loan quality and improved economic conditions may allow a reduction in the required allowance. In either instance, unanticipated changes could have a significant impact on
results of operations.    
      85  

Table of Contents  

  Management s analysis of probable losses in the portfolio at September 30, 2016, resulted in
a range for allowance for loan losses of $15.3 million. The range pertains to general (FASB ASC 450, Contingencies/SFAS 5) reserves for both retail and performing commercial loans. Specific (FASB ASC 310, Receivables/SFAS 114) reserves do
not have a range of probable loss. Due to the risks and uncertainty associated with the economy and our projection of FAS 5 loss rates inherent in the portfolio, we establish a range of probable outcomes (a high-end estimate and a low-end
estimate) and evaluate our position within this range. The potential effect to net income based on our position in the range relative to the high and low endpoints is a decrease of $2.0 million and an increase of $8.0 million, respectively,
after taking into account the tax effects. These sensitivities are hypothetical and are not intended to represent actual results.     Derivative
Financial Instruments       

Description.  As part of our overall interest rate risk management, we use derivative instruments to reduce exposure to changes in interest rates and market prices for financial instruments. The application
of the hedge accounting policy requires judgment in the assessment of hedge effectiveness, identification of similar hedged item groupings and measurement of changes in the fair value of derivative financial instruments and hedged items. To the
extent hedging relationships are found to be effective, as determined by FASB ASC 815 (SFAS No. 133  Accounting     for Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities ) ( ASC Topic 815 ), changes in fair value of the
derivatives are offset by changes in the fair value of the related hedged item or recorded to other comprehensive income. Management believes hedge effectiveness is evaluated properly in preparation of the financial statements. All of the
derivative financial instruments we use have an active market and indications of fair value can be readily obtained. We are not using the  short-cut  method of accounting for any fair value derivatives.    

Judgments and Uncertainties.  The application of the hedge accounting policy requires judgment in the assessment of hedge effectiveness, identification of similar hedged item groupings and measurement of changes
in the fair value of derivative financial instruments and hedged items.        

Effect if Actual Results Differ From Assumptions.  To the extent hedging relationships are found to be effective, as determined by ASC Topic 815, changes in fair value of the derivatives are offset by changes in
the fair value of the related hedged item or recorded to other comprehensive income. However, if in the future the derivative financial instruments used by us no longer qualify for hedge accounting treatment, all changes in fair value of the
derivative would flow through the consolidated statements of income in other noninterest income, resulting in greater volatility in our earnings.    
  Income Taxes       

Description.  We are subject to the income tax laws of the U.S., its states, and the municipalities in which we operate. These tax laws are complex and subject to different interpretations by the taxpayer and
the relevant government taxing authorities. We review income tax expense and the carrying value of deferred tax assets quarterly; and as new information becomes available, the balances are adjusted as appropriate. FASB ASC 740-10 (FIN 48)
prescribes a recognition threshold of more-likely-than-not, and a measurement attribute for all tax positions taken or expected to be taken on a tax return, in order for those tax positions to be recognized in the financial statements. See Note
14 to the consolidated financial statements of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015 for a further description of our provision and related income tax assets and liabilities.    

Judgments and Uncertainties.  In establishing a provision for income tax expense, we must make judgments and interpretations about the application of these inherently complex tax laws. We must also make
estimates about when in the future certain items will affect taxable income in the various tax jurisdictions. Disputes over interpretations of the tax laws may be subject to review/adjudication by the court systems of the various tax
jurisdictions or may be settled with the taxing authority upon examination or audit.        

Effect if Actual Results Differ From Assumptions.  Although management believes that the judgments and estimates used are reasonable, actual results could differ and we may be exposed to losses or gains that could
be material. To the extent we prevail in matters for which reserves have been established, or are required to pay amounts in excess of our reserves, our effective income tax rate in a given financial statement period could be materially
affected. An unfavorable tax settlement would result in an increase in our effective income tax rate in the period of resolution. A favorable tax settlement would result in a reduction in our effective income tax rate in the period of
resolution.    
      86  

Table of Contents  

   FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS   
 In this report, we have made various statements regarding current expectations or forecasts of future events, which speak only as of the date the statements
are made. These statements are  forward-looking statements  within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements are also made from time-to-time in press releases and in oral
statements made by the officers of Old National Bancorp ( Old National,  or the  Company ). Forward-looking statements are identified by the words  expect,   may,   could,   intend, 
 project,   estimate,   believe ,  anticipate  and similar expressions. Forward-looking statements also include, but are not limited to, statements regarding estimated cost savings, plans and objectives
for future operations, the Company s business and growth strategies, including future acquisitions of banks, regulatory developments, and expectations about performance as well as economic and market conditions and trends.  
 Such forward-looking statements are based on assumptions and estimates, which although believed to be reasonable, may turn out to be
incorrect. Therefore, undue reliance should not be placed upon these estimates and statements. We cannot assure that any of these statements, estimates, or beliefs will be realized and actual results may differ from those contemplated in
these  forward-looking statements.  We undertake no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise. You are advised to consult further disclosures
we may make on related subjects in our filings with the SEC. In addition to other factors discussed in this report, some of the important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those discussed in the forward-looking
statements include the following:      

economic, market, operational, liquidity, credit and interest rate risks associated with our business;        

economic conditions generally and in the financial services industry;        

expected cost savings in connection with the consolidation of recent acquisitions may not be fully realized or realized within the expected time frames, and deposit attrition, customer loss and revenue loss following
completed acquisitions may be greater than expected;        

failure to properly understand risk characteristics of newly entered markets;        

increased competition in the financial services industry either nationally or regionally, resulting in, among other things, credit quality deterioration;    

our ability to achieve loan and deposit growth;        

volatility and direction of market interest rates;        

governmental legislation and regulation, including changes in accounting regulation or standards;        

our ability to execute our business plan;        

a weakening of the economy which could materially impact credit quality trends and the ability to generate loans;        

changes in the securities markets; and        

changes in fiscal, monetary, and tax policies.      Investors should consider these risks, uncertainties and other
factors in addition to risk factors included in our other filings with the SEC.      

ITEM 3.  
  QUANTITIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK       See Management s Discussion and Analysis
of Financial Condition and Results of Operations - Market Risk and Liquidity Risk.  
      87  

Table of Contents  

ITEM 4.  
  CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES        Conclusion Regarding the Effectiveness of Disclosure Controls and Procedures
     Evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures.  Old National s principal executive officer and principal financial officer have
concluded that Old National s disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended), based on their evaluation of these controls and procedures as of the end of the
period covered by this quarterly report on Form 10-Q, are effective at the reasonable assurance level as discussed below to ensure that information required to be disclosed by Old National in the reports it files under the Securities Exchange Act of
1934, as amended, is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the rules and forms of the Securities and Exchange Commission and that such information is accumulated and communicated to Old National s
management, including its principal executive officer and principal financial officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.  
  Limitations on the Effectiveness of Controls.  Management, including the principal executive officer and principal financial officer, does not expect
that Old National s disclosure controls and internal controls will prevent all error and all fraud. A control system, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the
control system are met. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within the Company have been detected. These
inherent limitations include the realities that judgments in decision-making can be faulty, and that breakdowns can occur because of a simple error or mistake. Additionally, controls can be circumvented by the individual acts of some persons, by
collusion of two or more people or by management override of the controls.    The design of any system of controls also is based in part upon certain
assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be only reasonable assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions. Over time, control may become inadequate because of
changes in conditions or the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Because of the inherent limitations in a cost-effective control system, misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected.  
  Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting.  There were no changes in Old National s internal control over financial reporting that
occurred during the period covered by this report that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, Old National s internal control over financial reporting.  
    PART II      OTHER INFORMATION

ITEM 1A.  
  RISK FACTORS       There have been no material changes from the risk factors previously disclosed in the
 Risk Factors  section of the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015.      

ITEM 2.  
  UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS         

(c) 
  ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES          
 
      88  

Table of Contents  

  The Board of Directors did not authorize a new stock repurchase plan for 2016. During the three months ended
September 30, 2016, Old National repurchased a limited number of shares associated with employee share-based incentive programs.      

ITEM 5.  
  OTHER INFORMATION         

(a) 
 None        

(b) 
 There have been no material changes in the procedure by which security holders recommend nominees to the Company s board of directors.    

ITEM 6.  
  EXHIBITS         

Exhibit No.   
    
    Description    

3.1 
    
 Fourth Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation of Old National, amended May 13, 2016 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of Old National s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission on May 16, 2016).  

3.2 
    
 Amended and Restated By-Laws of Old National, amended July 28, 2016 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of Old National s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 1,
2016).  

4.1 
    
 Senior Indenture between Old National and The Bank of New York Trust Company (as successor to J.P. Morgan Trust Company, National Association (as successor to Bank One, NA)), as trustee, dated as of July 23, 1997 (incorporated by
reference to Exhibit 4.3 to Old National s Registration Statement on Form S-3, Registration No. 333-118374, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on December 2, 2004).  

4.2 
    
 Second Indenture Supplement, dated as of August 15, 2014, between Old National and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as trustee, providing for the issuance of its 4.125% Senior Notes due 2024 (incorporated by
reference to Exhibit 4.1 of Old National s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 15, 2014).  

10.1 
    
 Purchase and Sale Agreement dated August 8, 2016, by and between ONB One Main Landlord, LLC and Old National Bank (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 of Old National s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission on August 10, 2016).  

10.2 
    
 Purchase and Sale Agreement dated August 8, 2016, by and between ONB Boonville Sid LLC and Old National Bank (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.2 of Old National s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and
Exchange Commission on August 10, 2016).  

10.3 
    
 Purchase and Sale Agreement dated August 8, 2016, by and between Henderson Sid LLC and Old National Bank (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.3 of Old National s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and
Exchange Commission on August 10, 2016).  

31.1 
    
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.  

31.2 
    
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.  

32.1 
    
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.  

32.2 
    
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.  

101 
    
 The following materials from Old National s Form 10-Q Report for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016, formatted in XBRL: (i) the Consolidated Balance Sheets, (ii) the Consolidated Statements of Income, (iii) the
Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income, (iv) the Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders  Equity, (v) the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, and (vi) the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.  
 
      89  

Table of Contents  

     SIGNATURE   
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned
thereunto duly authorized.      

OLD NATIONAL BANCORP   
 
 (Registrant)  

By: 
   
   /s/ James C. Ryan, III   

James C. Ryan, III  

Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer  

Duly Authorized Officer and Principal Financial Officer  

Date: November 4, 2016  
 
      90  

<EX-31.1>
 2
 d270141dex311.htm
 EX-31.1

EX-31.1 

Exhibit 31.1  
  FORM OF SECTION 302 CERTIFICATION     I,
Robert G. Jones, certify that:      

1. 
 I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Old National Bancorp;        

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such
statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;        

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the
registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;        

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15 (e) and 15d-15 (e)) and internal control
over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:        

a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its
consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;        

b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of
financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles.        

c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of
the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and        

d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter
in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and    

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the
registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent function):        

a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record,
process, summarize and report financial information; and        

b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.    

Date: November 4, 2016 

By: 
   
   /s/ Robert G. Jones   

Robert G. Jones  

Chief Executive Officer   (Principal Executive
Officer)   

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 d270141dex312.htm
 EX-31.2

EX-31.2 

Exhibit 31.2  
  FORM OF SECTION 302 CERTIFICATION     I,
James C. Ryan, III, certify that:      

1. 
 I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Old National Bancorp;        

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such
statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;        

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the
registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;        

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15 (e) and 15d-15 (e)) and internal control
over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:        

a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its
consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;        

b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of
financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles.        

c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of
the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and        

d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter
in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and    

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the
registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent function):        

a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record,
process, summarize and report financial information; and        

b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.    

Date: November 4, 2016 

By: 
   
   /s/ James C. Ryan, III   

James C. Ryan, III  

Chief Financial Officer   (Principal Financial
Officer)   

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 d270141dex321.htm
 EX-32.1

EX-32.1 

Exhibit 32.1  
  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO   
  18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,   
  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO   
  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002   
 In connection with the quarterly report of Old National Bancorp (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the quarter ending September 30, 2016 as filed
with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Robert G. Jones, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that    (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934; and    (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and
result of operations of the Company.      

By 
   
   /s/ Robert G. Jones   

Robert G. Jones  

Chief Executive Officer  

(Principal Executive Officer)  

November 4, 2016  

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 d270141dex322.htm
 EX-32.2

EX-32.2 

Exhibit 32.2  
  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO   
  18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,   
  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO   
  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002   
 In connection with the quarterly report of Old National Bancorp (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the quarter ending September 30, 2016 as filed
with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, James C. Ryan, III, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that    (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934; and    (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and
result of operations of the Company.      

By: 
   
   /s/ James C. Ryan, III   

James C. Ryan, III  

Chief Financial Officer  

(Principal Financial Officer)  

November 4, 2016  

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 onb-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 onb-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 onb-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 onb-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 onb-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 onb-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

