<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161101_10-Q_edgar_data_95029_0001174947-16-003336_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>2166485</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>63186</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>142546</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>514223</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>870608</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>512721</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>23</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001174947-16-003336.hdr.sgml : 20161101
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161101170134
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001174947-16-003336
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		50
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20161001
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161101
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161101

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			STURM RUGER & CO INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000095029
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	ORDNANCE & ACCESSORIES, (NO VEHICLES/GUIDED MISSILES) [3480]
		IRS NUMBER:				060633559
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-10435
		FILM NUMBER:		161965468

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1 LACEY PLACE
		CITY:			SOUTHPORT
		STATE:			CT
		ZIP:			06490
		BUSINESS PHONE:		2032597843

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 2:		1 LACEY PLACE
		CITY:			SOUTHPORT
		STATE:			CT
		ZIP:			06490

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001174947-16-003336.txt : 20161101

10-Q
 1
 form10q-16659_rgr.htm
 10-Q

UNITED STATES 

 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE
COMMISSION 

 WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 

FORM 10-Q 

 (Mark One) 

[X]  QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES   

 EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

 For the quarterly period ended  October
1, 2016  

OR 

[   ] 
     TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES  

EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

 For the transition period from_______________
to _______________ 

Commission file number
 1-10435  

STURM, RUGER   COMPANY, INC.   
 
      (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)   

Delaware  
       
      06-0633559   
 
      (State or other jurisdiction of  
       
      (I.R.S. employer   
 
      incorporation or organization)  
       
      identification no.)   

Lacey Place, Southport, Connecticut  
       
      06890   
 
      (Address of principal executive offices)  
       
      (Zip code)   

(203) 259-7843  

 (Registrant's telephone
number, including area code) 

Indicate by check mark
whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such requirements for the past 90 days. Yes [ X ]      No [   ] 

Indicate by check mark
whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required
to be submitted and posted pursuant to rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months
(or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes [ X ]      No [   ] 

Indicate by check mark
whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company.
See definition of  large accelerated filer ,  accelerated filer , and  smaller reporting company 
in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Large accelerated filer [ X ]      Accelerated filer [   ]      Non-accelerated filer [   ]      Smaller reporting
company [   ] 

Indicate by check mark
whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes [   ]      No [ X ] 

The number of shares outstanding
of the issuer's common stock as of October 31, 2016: Common Stock, $1 par value  18,971,854. 

 Page 1 of 30 

INDEX 

STURM, RUGER   COMPANY,
INC. 

PART I.  
      FINANCIAL INFORMATION  

Item 1.  
      Financial Statements (Unaudited)  

Condensed consolidated balance sheets   October 1, 2016 and December 31, 2015  
     3  

Condensed consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income   Three and nine months ended October 1, 2016 and September 26, 2015  
     5  

Condensed consolidated statement of stockholders  equity   Nine months ended October 1, 2016  
     6  

Condensed consolidated statements of cash flows  Nine months ended October 1, 2016 and September 26, 2015  
     7  

Notes to condensed consolidated financial statements   October 1, 2016  
     8  

Item 2.  
      Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  
     16  

Item 3.  
      Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk  
     26  

Item 4.  
      Controls and Procedures  
     26  

PART II.  
      OTHER INFORMATION  

Item 1.  
      Legal Proceedings  
     28  

Item 1A.  
      Risk Factors  
     28  

Item 2.  
      Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds  
     28  

Item 3.  
      Defaults Upon Senior Securities  
     28  

Item 4.  
      Mining Safety Disclosures  
     28  

Item 5.  
      Other Information  
     28  

Item 6.  
      Exhibits  
     29  

SIGNATURES  
     30  

2   

       Index   

PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

   ITEM 1. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 

STURM, RUGER   COMPANY, INC. 

CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

  (Dollars in thousands)  

Note :     

The consolidated balance sheet at December
31, 2015 has been derived from the audited consolidated financial statements at that date but does not include all the information
and footnotes required by accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America for complete financial statements. 

See notes to condensed consolidated financial
statements.   

3   

       Index   

STURM, RUGER   COMPANY, INC. 

CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS (Continued) 

  (Dollars in thousands, except per share
data ) 

Note :     

The consolidated balance sheet at December
31, 2015 has been derived from the audited consolidated financial statements at that date but does not include all the information
and footnotes required by accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America for complete financial statements. 

See notes to condensed consolidated financial
statements.  

4   

       Index   

STURM, RUGER   COMPANY, INC. 

CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME AND COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
(UNAUDITED) 

  (Dollars in thousands, except per share data)  

See notes to condensed consolidated financial statements.  

5   

       Index   

STURM, RUGER   COMPANY, INC. 

CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF STOCKHOLDERS 
EQUITY (UNAUDITED) 

  (Dollars in thousands)  

See notes to condensed consolidated financial statements.  

6   

       Index   

STURM, RUGER   COMPANY, INC. 

CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (UNAUDITED) 

 ( Dollars in thousands)  

See notes to condensed consolidated financial statements.  

7   

       Index   

STURM, RUGER   COMPANY, INC. 

NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 

  (Dollars in thousands, except per share)  

NOTE 1 - BASIS OF PRESENTATION 

The accompanying unaudited
condensed consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the
United States for interim financial information and the instructions to Form 10-Q and Article 10 of Regulation S-X. Accordingly,
they do not include all of the information and disclosures required by accounting principles generally accepted in the United States
of America for complete financial statements. 

In the opinion of management,
the accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements include all adjustments, consisting of normal recurring
accruals, considered necessary for a fair presentation of the results of the interim periods. Operating results for the nine months
ended October 1, 2016 may not be indicative of the results to be expected for the full year ending December 31, 2016. These financial
statements have been prepared on a basis that is substantially consistent with the accounting principles applied in our Annual
Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015. 

NOTE 2 - SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES 

Organization:   

Sturm, Ruger   Company,
Inc. (the  Company ) is principally engaged in the design, manufacture, and sale of firearms to domestic customers.
Approximately 99% of sales are from firearms. Export sales represent approximately 3% of total sales. The Company s design
and manufacturing operations are located in the United States and almost all product content is domestic. The Company s firearms
are sold through a select number of independent wholesale distributors, principally to the commercial sporting market. 

The Company also manufactures
investment castings made from steel alloys and metal injection molding ( MIM ) parts for internal use in its firearms
and for sale to unaffiliated, third-party customers. Less than 1% of sales are from the castings segment. 

Principles of Consolidation:   

The consolidated financial
statements include the accounts of the Company and its wholly-owned subsidiary. All significant intercompany accounts and transactions
have been eliminated. 

Fair Value of Financial Instruments:  

The carrying amounts of
financial instruments, including cash, accounts receivable, accounts payable and accrued liabilities, approximate fair value due
to the short-term maturity of these items. 

8   

       Index   

Use of Estimates:   

The preparation of financial
statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make estimates and assumptions that
affect the amounts reported in the financial statements and accompanying notes. Actual results could differ from those estimates. 

Reclassifications:   

Certain prior period balances
have been reclassified to conform to current year presentation. 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements:   

On March 30, 2016, Financial
Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ) issued Accounting Standards Update ( ASU ) 2016-09, Compensation -
Stock Compensation (Topic 718). The most significant change in the new compensation guidance is that all excess tax benefits and
tax deficiencies (including tax benefits of dividends) on share-based compensation awards should be recognized in the Statement
of Income as income tax expense. Previously such benefits or deficiencies were recognized in the Balance Sheet as adjustments to
additional paid-in capital. The new guidance is effective in fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2016 and interim periods
thereafter. Early application is permitted for all entities. The Company is currently evaluating the effect that the standard will
have on the consolidated financial statements and whether to adopt the guidance early. 

On February 25, 2016, the
FASB issued ASU 2016-02, Leases (Topic 842), its long-awaited final standard on the accounting for leases. The most significant
change in the new lease guidance requires lessees to recognize right-of-use assets and lease liabilities for all leases other than
those that meet the definition of short-term leases. For short-term leases, lessees may elect an accounting policy by class of
underlying asset under which these assets and liabilities are not recognized and lease payments are generally recognized over the
lease term on a straight-line basis. This change will result in lessees recognizing right-of-use assets and lease liabilities for
most leases currently accounted for as operating leases under legacy U.S. GAAP. The new lease guidance is effective in fiscal years
beginning after December 15, 2018 and interim periods thereafter. Early application is permitted for all entities. The Company
is currently evaluating the effect that the standard will have on the consolidated financial statements. 

NOTE 3 - INVENTORIES 

Inventories are valued
using the last-in, first-out (LIFO) method. An actual valuation of inventory under the LIFO method can be made only at the end
of each year based on the inventory levels and costs existing at that time. Accordingly, interim LIFO calculations must necessarily
be based on management's estimates of expected year-end inventory levels and costs. Because these are subject to many factors
beyond management's control, interim results are subject to the final year-end LIFO inventory valuation. 

9   

       Index   

Inventories consist of the following: 

NOTE 4 - LINE OF CREDIT 

The Company has a $40 million
revolving line of credit with a bank. This facility is renewable annually and terminates on June 15, 2017. Borrowings under this
facility bear interest at LIBOR (1.556% at October 1, 2016) plus 200 basis points. The Company is charged three-eighths of a percent
(0.375%) per year on the unused portion. At October 1, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the Company was in compliance with the terms
and covenants of the credit facility, which remains unused. 

NOTE 5 - EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLANS 

The Company sponsors a
401(k) plan that covers substantially all employees. The Company matches a certain portion of employee contributions using the
safe harbor guidelines contained in the Internal Revenue Code. Expenses related to these matching contributions totaled $0.8 million
and $2.5 million for the three and nine months ended October 1, 2016, respectively, and $0.7 million and $2.5 million for the three
and nine months ended September 26, 2015, respectively. The Company plans to contribute approximately $0.8 million to the plan
in matching employee contributions during the remainder of 2016. 

In addition, the Company
provided supplemental discretionary contributions to the 401(k) plan totaling $1.4 million and $4.5 million for the three and nine
months ended October 1, 2016, respectively, and $1.3 million and $3.7 million for the three and nine months ended September 26,
2015, respectively. The Company plans to contribute approximately $1.4 million in supplemental contributions to the plan during
the remainder of 2016. 

NOTE 6 - INCOME TAXES 

The Company's 2016 and
2015 effective tax rates differ from the statutory federal tax rate due principally to state income taxes partially offset by tax
benefits related to the American Jobs Creation Act of 2004. The Company s effective income tax rate in the three and nine
months ended October 1, 2016 was 34.8% and 35.7%, respectively. The Company s effective income tax rate in the three and
nine months ended September 26, 2015 was 34.2% and 35.4%, respectively. 

Income tax payments for
the three and nine months ended October 1, 2016 totaled $13.5 million and $34.4 million, respectively. Income tax payments for
the three and nine months ended September 26, 2015 totaled $8.3 million $20.6 million, respectively. 

10   

       Index   

The Company files income
tax returns in the U.S. federal jurisdiction and various state jurisdictions. With few exceptions, the Company is no longer subject
to U.S. federal and state income tax examinations by tax authorities for years before 2013. 

The Company does not believe
it has included any  uncertain tax positions  in its federal income tax return or any of the state income tax returns
it is currently filing. The Company has made an evaluation of the potential impact of additional state taxes being assessed by
jurisdictions in which the Company does not currently consider itself liable. The Company does not anticipate that such additional
taxes, if any, would result in a material change to its financial position. 

NOTE 7 - EARNINGS PER SHARE 

 Set forth below is a reconciliation
of the numerator and denominator for basic and diluted earnings per share calculations for the periods indicated: 

The dilutive effect of
outstanding options and restricted stock units is calculated using the treasury stock method. There were no stock options that
were anti-dilutive and therefore not included in the diluted earnings per share calculation. 

NOTE 8 - COMPENSATION PLANS 

In April 2007, the Company
adopted and the shareholders approved the 2007 Stock Incentive Plan (the  2007 SIP ) under which employees, independent
contractors, and non-employee directors may be granted stock options, restricted stock, deferred stock awards, and stock appreciation
rights, any of which may or may not require the satisfaction of performance objectives. Vesting requirements are determined by
the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors .  The Company has reserved 2,550,000 shares for issuance under the 2007
SIP, of which 471,000 shares remain available for future grants as of October 1, 2016. 

Compensation costs related
to all share-based payments recognized in the statements of operations aggregated $0.8 million and $2.2 million for the three and
nine months ended October 1, 2016, respectively, and $1.1 million and $3.4 million for the three and nine months ended September
26, 2015, respectively. 

11   

       Index   

Stock Options  

 A summary of changes in
options outstanding under the 2007 SIP is summarized below: 

The aggregate intrinsic
value (mean market price at October 1, 2016 less the weighted average exercise price) of options outstanding under the 2007 SIP
was approximately $0.6 million. 

Restricted Stock Units  

Beginning in 2009, the
Company began granting restricted stock units to senior employees in lieu of incentive stock options. The vesting of these awards
is dependent on the achievement of corporate objectives established by the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors. Beginning
in 2011, a three year vesting period was added to the performance criteria, which had the effect of requiring both the achievement
of the corporate performance objectives and the satisfaction of the vesting period. 

There were 72,148 restricted
stock units issued during the nine months ended October 1, 2016. Total compensation costs related to these restricted stock units
are $4.0 million. These costs are being recognized ratably over vesting periods ranging from three to five years. Total compensation
cost related to restricted stock units was $0.8 million and $2.2 million for the three and nine months ended October 1, 2016, respectively,
and $1.1 million and $3.4 million for the three and nine months ended September 26, 2015, respectively. 

NOTE 9 - OPERATING SEGMENT INFORMATION 

The Company has two reportable
segments: firearms and castings. The firearms segment manufactures and sells rifles, pistols, and revolvers principally to a select
number of independent wholesale distributors primarily located in the United States. The castings segment manufactures and sells
steel investment castings and metal injection molding parts. 

12   

       Index   

Selected operating segment financial information follows: 

NOTE 10 - CONTINGENT LIABILITIES

As of October 1, 2016,
the Company was a defendant in four (4) lawsuits and is aware of certain other such claims. The lawsuits fall into three categories:
traditional product liability litigation, patent litigation and municipal litigation, discussed in turn below. 

Traditional Product Liability Litigation  

Two of the four lawsuits
mentioned above involve claims for damages related to allegedly defective products due to their design and/or manufacture. The
lawsuits stem from specific incidents of personal injury and are based on traditional product liability theories such as strict
liability, negligence and/or breach of warranty. 

The Company management
believes the allegations in these cases are unfounded, that the incidents are unrelated to the design or manufacture of the firearms,
and that there should be no recovery against the Company. 

13   

       Index   

Patent Litigation  

Davies Innovations,
Inc. v. Sturm, Ruger   Company, Inc.   is a patent litigation suit originally filed in the United States District Court
for the Southern District of Texas, Galveston Division. The case subsequently was transferred to the United States District Court
for the Northern District of New Hampshire. The suit is based upon alleged patent infringement as the plaintiff claims that certain
features of the Ruger SR-556 and SR-762 modern sporting rifles infringe its patent. The complaint seeks a judgment of infringement
and unspecified monetary damages including costs, fees and treble damages. 

The Company management
believes the allegations in this case are unfounded, that there is no infringement of plaintiff s patent, that plaintiff s
patent is invalid, and that there should be no recovery against the Company. The Company has filed a Motion for Summary Judgment
in the action,which is scheduled to be heard on December 6, 2016. 

Municipal Litigation  

Municipal litigation generally
includes those cases brought by cities or other governmental entities against firearms manufacturers, distributors and retailers
seeking to recover damages allegedly arising out of the misuse of firearms by third-parties. 

There is only one remaining
lawsuit of this type, filed by the City of Gary in Indiana State Court, over seventeen years ago. The complaint in that case seeks
damages, among other things, for the costs of medical care, police and emergency services, public health services, and other services
as well as punitive damages. In addition, nuisance abatement and/or injunctive relief is sought to change the design, manufacture,
marketing and distribution practices of the various defendants. The suit alleges, among other claims, negligence in the design
of products, public nuisance, negligent distribution and marketing, negligence per se and deceptive advertising. The case does
not allege a specific injury to a specific individual as a result of the misuse or use of any of the Company's products. 

After a long procedural
history, the case was scheduled for trial on June 15, 2009. The case was not tried on that date and was largely dormant until a
status conference was held on July 27, 2015. At that time, the court entered a scheduling order setting deadlines for plaintiff
to file a Second Amended Complaint, for defendants to answer, and for defendants to file dispositive motions. The plaintiff did
not file a Second Amended Complaint by the deadline. 

Last year, Indiana passed
a new law, Indiana Code   34-12-3-1, (the  Indiana Immunity Statute ), which applies to the City's case. The defendants
have filed a joint motion for judgment on the pleadings, asserting immunity under the Indiana Immunity Statute and asking the court
to re-visit the Court of Appeals' earlier decision holding the Protection of Lawful Commerce in Arms Act ( PLCAA )
inapplicable to the City's claims. 

The United States and the
Indiana Attorney General filed motions and briefs in intervention in defense of the constitutionality of the PLCAA and the Indiana
Immunity Statute, respectively. A hearing on the motions to intervene was set for October 12, 2016. 

The court subsequently
granted a Joint Motion to Stay Resolution of Manufacturers  Motion for Judgment on the Pleadings for six months or until
the   KS E Sports v. Runnels   case is decided by the Indiana Supreme Court, whichever is earlier. The court also
vacated the October 12 th  hearing on  

14   

       Index   

motions to intervene by the United States and the Indiana Attorney General, given
the City s consent to such motions. 

Summary of Claimed Damages and Explanation
of Product Liability Accruals  

Punitive damages, as well
as compensatory damages, are demanded in certain of the lawsuits and claims. Aggregate claimed amounts presently exceed product
liability accruals and applicable insurance coverage. For product liability claims made after July 10, 2000, coverage is provided
on an annual basis for losses exceeding $5 million per claim, or an aggregate maximum loss of $10 million annually, except for
certain new claims which might be brought by governments or municipalities after July 10, 2000, which are excluded from coverage. 

The Company management monitors
the status of known claims and the product liability accrual, which includes amounts for asserted and unasserted claims. While
it is not possible to forecast the outcome of litigation or the timing of costs, in the opinion of management, after consultation
with special and corporate counsel, it is not probable and is unlikely that litigation, including punitive damage claims, will
have a material adverse effect on the financial position of the Company, but may have a material impact on the Company s
financial results for a particular period. 

Product liability claim
payments are made when appropriate if, as, and when claimants and the Company reach agreement upon an amount to finally resolve
all claims. Legal costs are paid as the lawsuits and claims develop, the timing of which may vary greatly from case to case. A
time schedule cannot be determined in advance with any reliability concerning when payments will be made in any given case. 

Provision is made for product
liability claims based upon many factors related to the severity of the alleged injury and potential liability exposure, based
upon prior claim experience. Because the Company s experience in defending these lawsuits and claims is that unfavorable
outcomes are typically not probable or estimable, only in rare cases is an accrual established for such costs. In most cases, an
accrual is established only for estimated legal defense costs. Product liability accruals are periodically reviewed to reflect
then-current estimates of possible liabilities and expenses incurred to date and reasonably anticipated in the future. Threatened
product liability claims are reflected in the Company s product liability accrual on the same basis as actual claims;  i.e., 
an accrual is made for reasonably anticipated possible liability and claims-handling expenses on an ongoing basis. 

A range of reasonably possible
losses relating to unfavorable outcomes cannot be made. However, in product liability cases in which a dollar amount of damages
is claimed, the amount of damages claimed, which totaled $0.1 million and $0.0 million at December 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively,
are set forth as an indication of possible maximum liability the Company might be required to incur in these cases (regardless
of the likelihood or reasonable probability of any or all of this amount being awarded to claimants) as a result of adverse judgments
that are sustained on appeal. 

NOTE 11 - SUBSEQUENT EVENTS 

On October 28, 2016, the
Company s Board of Directors authorized a dividend of 41  per share, for shareholders of record as of November 18, 2016,
payable on November 25, 2016. 

The Company has evaluated
events and transactions occurring subsequent to October 1, 2016 and determined that there were no other unreported events or transactions
that would have a material impact on the Company s results of operations or financial position. 

15   

       Index   

ITEM 2. 
     MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS  

Company Overview  

Sturm, Ruger   Company,
Inc. (the  Company ) is principally engaged in the design, manufacture, and sale of firearms to domestic customers.
Approximately 99% of sales are from firearms. Export sales represent approximately 3% of total sales. The Company s design
and manufacturing operations are located in the United States and almost all product content is domestic. The Company s firearms
are sold through a select number of independent wholesale distributors, principally to the commercial sporting market. 

The Company also manufactures
investment castings made from steel alloys and metal injection molding ( MIM ) parts for internal use in its firearms
and for sale to unaffiliated, third-party customers. Less than 1% of third-party sales are from the castings segment. 

Orders for many models
of firearms from the independent distributors tend to be stronger in the first quarter of the year and weaker in the third quarter
of the year. This is due in part to the timing of the distributor show season, which occurs during the first quarter. 

Results of Operations   

Demand  

The estimated unit sell-through
of the Company s products from the independent distributors to retailers increased 19% in the first nine months of 2016 from
the comparable prior year period. For the same period, the National Instant Criminal Background Check System ( NICS )
background checks (as adjusted by the National Shooting Sports Foundation ( NSSF )) increased 16%. The increase in
estimated sell-through of the Company s products from the independent distributors to retailers is attributable to: 

stronger-than-normal seasonal industry demand, likely bolstered by the political campaigns for
the elections in November,   

strong demand for certain new products,   

greater availability of rimfire ammunition which spurred demand for our 10/22 rifle and other rimfire
firearms late in the third quarter, and   

increased production of several products in strong demand .    

The Company launched new
Mark IV pistols, the LCP II pistol, and compact models of the American pistol in September. 

Sales of new products,
including those launched in the third quarter as well as the Precision Rifle, the AR-556 modern sporting rifle, and the LC9s pistol,
represented $160.8 million or 32% of firearm sales in the first nine months of 2016. The new product sales percentage is expected
to decrease next quarter as sales of the AR-556 and the LC9s will no longer be included among the new products. New product sales
include only major new products that were introduced in the past two years. 

16   

       Index   

Estimated sell-through from the independent
distributors to retailers and total adjusted NICS background checks for the trailing seven quarters follow: 

(1)  The estimates for each period were calculated by taking the beginning inventory at the distributors,
plus shipments from the Company to distributors during the period, less the ending inventory at distributors. These estimates are
only a proxy for actual market demand as they:   

Rely on data provided by independent distributors that are not verified by the Company,   

Do not consider potential timing issues within the distribution channel, including goods-in-transit,
and   

Do not consider fluctuations in inventory at retail.  

(2)  NICS background checks are performed when the ownership of most firearms, either new or used, is
transferred by a Federal Firearms Licensee. NICS background checks are also performed for permit applications, permit renewals,
and other administrative reasons.     

The adjusted
NICS data presented above was derived by the NSSF by subtracting out NICS checks that are not directly related to the sale of a
firearm, including checks used for concealed carry ( CCW ) permit application checks as well as checks on active CCW
permit databases. 

Orders Received and Ending Backlog  

The Company uses the estimated
unit sell-through of our products from the independent distributors to retailers, along with inventory levels at the independent
distributors and at the Company, as the key metrics for planning production levels. The Company generally does not use the orders
received or ending backlog for planning production levels. 

The average sales price
of units in the third quarter of 2016 was reduced due to strong orders for the relatively lower priced LCP II pistol, and the cancellation
of orders for the original version of relatively higher priced Precision modern sporting rifle, which was discontinued due to the
popularity of the new Enhanced Precision rifle. 

The units ordered, value of orders received
and ending backlog, net of excise tax, for the trailing seven quarters are as follows (dollars in millions, except average sales
price): 

17   

       Index   

(All amounts shown are net of Federal Excise Tax of 10% for
handguns and 11% for long guns.) 

Production  

The Company reviews the
estimated sell-through from the independent distributors to retailers, as well as inventory levels at the independent distributors
and at the Company, semi-monthly to plan production levels. These reviews resulted in increased total unit production of 20% for
both the three and nine months ended October 1, 2016 from the comparable prior year periods. 

Summary Unit Data  

Firearms unit data for
the trailing seven quarters are as follows (dollar amounts shown are net of Federal Excise Tax of 10% for handguns and 11% for
long guns): 

Inventories  

During the third quarter
of 2016, the Company s finished goods inventory increased by 20,000 units and distributor inventories of the Company s
products increased by 54,100 units. Increases in inventory, which often occur in the second and third quarters, can be beneficial
as they allow the Company to: 

18   

       Index   

Level load production, which results in more efficient manufacturing,   

Reduce capacity needed to meet the demand during the strongest seasonal peaks, and   

Capitalize on unanticipated peaks in demand.   

Inventory data for the trailing seven quarters
follows: 

(1)  Distributor ending inventory is provided by the Company s independent distributors. These
numbers do not include goods-in-transit inventory that has been shipped from the Company but not yet received by the distributors.   

(2)  This total does not include inventory at retailers. The Company does not have access to data on
retailer inventories of the Company s products.   

Net Sales  

Consolidated net sales
were $161.4 million for the three months ended October 1, 2016, an increase of 33.6% from $120.9 million in the comparable prior
year period. 

For the nine months ended
October 1, 2016, consolidated net sales were $502.5 million, an increase of 26.0% from $398.7 million in the comparable prior year
period. 

Firearms net sales were
$160.1 million for the three months ended October 1, 2016, an increase of 34.2% from $119.3 million in the comparable prior year
period. 

For the nine months ended
October 1, 2016, firearms net sales were $497.9 million, an increase of 26.3% from $394.1 million in the comparable prior year
period. 

Firearms unit shipments
increased 28.6% and 21.3% for the three and nine months ended October 1, 2016, respectively, from the comparable prior year periods. 

Casting net sales were
$1.4 million for the three months ended October 1, 2016, a decrease of 13.9% from $1.6 million in the comparable prior year period. 

For the nine months ended
October 1, 2016, castings net sales were $4.6 million, a decrease of 0.5% from $4.6 million in the comparable prior year period. 

19   

       Index   

Cost of Products Sold and Gross Profit  

Consolidated cost of products
sold was $111.2 million for the three months ended October 1, 2016, an increase of 28.0% from $86.9 million in the comparable prior
year period. 

For the nine months ended
October 1, 2016, consolidated cost of products sold was $336.4 million, an increase of 22.4% from $274.8 million in the comparable
prior year period. 

20   

       Index   

Gross margin was
31.1% and 33.0% for the three and nine months ended October 1, 2016, respectively, compared to 28.1% and 31.1% in the comparable
prior year periods as illustrated below (in thousands): 

Cost of products sold, before LIFO, overhead
and labor rate adjustments to inventory, and product liability    During the three months ended October 1, 2016, cost
of products sold, before LIFO,  

21   

       Index   

overhead and labor rate adjustments to inventory, and product liability decreased as a percentage
of sales by 2.1% compared with the comparable 2015 period primarily due to the increased sales volume and the leverage of fixed
overhead costs. 

For the nine months ended October 1, 2016,
cost of products sold, before LIFO, overhead and labor rate adjustments to inventory, and product liability decreased as a percentage
of sales by 1.5% compared with the comparable 2015 period due principally to the increased sales volume and the leverage of fixed
overhead costs. 

LIFO    For the three months ended
October 1, 2016, the Company recognized LIFO expense resulting in increased cost of products sold of $0.6 million. In the comparable
2015 period, the Company recognized LIFO expense resulting in increased cost of products sold of $0.7 million. 

For the nine months ended October 1, 2016,
the Company recognized LIFO expense resulting in increased cost of products sold of $1.8 million. In the comparable 2015 period,
the Company recognized LIFO expense resulting in increased cost of products sold of $1.7 million. 

Overhead Rate Adjustments    The
Company uses actual overhead expenses incurred as a percentage of sales-value-of-production over a trailing six month period to
absorb overhead expense into inventory. During the three and nine months ended October 1, 2016, the Company became more efficient
in overhead spending and the overhead rates used to absorb overhead expenses into inventory decreased, resulting in decreases in
inventory values of $0.7 million and $1.2 million, respectively, and corresponding increases to cost of products sold. 

During the three and nine months ended September
26, 2015, the Company became more efficient in overhead spending and the overhead rates used to absorb overhead expenses into inventory
decreased, resulting in a decrease in inventory value of $1.2 million and $3.0 million, respectively, and corresponding increases
to cost of products sold. 

Labor Rate Adjustments    The Company
uses actual direct labor expense incurred as a percentage of sales-value-of-production over a trailing six month period to absorb
direct labor expense into inventory. During the three months ended October 1, 2016, the Company became less efficient in direct
labor utilization and the labor rates used to absorb incurred labor expenses into inventory increased, resulting in an increase
in inventory value of $0.1 million. This increase in inventory carry values resulted in a decrease to cost of products sold. 

During the nine months ended October 1, 2016,
the Company became more efficient in direct labor utilization and the labor rates used to absorb incurred labor expenses into inventory
decreased, resulting in a decrease in inventory value of $0.1 million. This decrease in inventory carrying values resulted in an
increase to cost of products sold. 

During the three and nine months ended September
26, 2015, the Company became more efficient in direct labor utilization and the labor rates used to absorb incurred labor expenses
into inventory decreased, resulting in decreases in inventory value of $0.1 million and $0.3 million, respectively. These decreases
in inventory carrying values resulted in increases to cost of products sold. 

Product Liability    This expense
includes the cost of outside legal fees, insurance, and other expenses incurred in the management and defense of product liability
matters. During the three months ended October 1, 2016 product liability expense was $0.7 million. During the nine months ended
October 1, 2016 product liability expense was $1.5 million. 

22   

       Index   

During the three and nine months ended September
26, 2015, product liability expense was $0.6 million and $0.7 million, respectively. See Note 10 to the notes to the condensed
financial statements  Contingent Liabilities  for further discussion of the Company s product liability. 

Gross Profit    As a result of
the foregoing factors, for the three and nine months ended October 1, 2016, gross profit was $50.3 million and $166.1 million,
respectively, an increase of $16.3 million and $42.2 million from $34.0 million and $123.9 million in the comparable prior year
periods. 

Gross profit as a percentage of sales increased
to 31.1% and 33.0% in the three and nine months ended October 1, 2016, respectively, from 28.1% and 31.1% in the comparable prior
year periods. 

Selling, General and Administrative Expenses  

Selling, general and administrative
expenses were $20.2 million for the three months ended October 1, 2016, an increase of $4.1 million or 25.8% from the comparable
prior year period. This increase is primarily attributable to the $5.0 million expense related to the  NRA-ILA $5 Million
Matching Challenge , which began in July 2016, and the increased sales volume. 

Selling, general and administrative
expenses were $63.3 million for the nine months ended October 1, 2016, an increase of $7.8 million or 14.1% from the comparable
prior year period. This increase is attributable to the $5.0 million expense related to the  NRA-ILA $5 Million Matching
Challenge , which began in July 2016, and the $1.6 million in additional expense related to the  2 Million Gun Challenge
to Benefit the NRA , which began in April 2015 and will run through October 2016, and the increased sales volume. 

Other income, net  

Other income, net was $0.4
million and $0.8 million in the three and nine months ended October 1, 2016, respectively, compared to $0.2 million and $1.2 million
in the three and nine months ended September 26, 2015, respectively. 

Income Taxes and Net Income  

The Company s effective
income tax rate in the three and nine months ended October 1, 2016 was 34.8% and 35.7%, respectively. The Company s effective
income tax rate in the three and nine months ended September 26, 2015 was 34.2% and 35.4%, respectively. 

As a result of the foregoing
factors, consolidated net income was $19.9 million and $66.6 million for the three and nine months ended October 1, 2016, respectively.
This represents an increase of 65.9% and 48.0% from $12.0 million and $45.0 million in the comparable prior year periods. 

Non-GAAP Financial Measure  

In an effort to provide
investors with additional information regarding its financial results, the Company refers to various United States generally accepted
accounting principles ( GAAP ) financial measures and one non-GAAP financial measure, EBITDA, which management believes
provides useful information to investors. This non-GAAP financial measure may not be comparable to similarly titled financial measures
being disclosed by other companies. In addition, the Company believes that the non- 

23   

       Index   

GAAP financial measure should be considered
in addition to, and not in lieu of, GAAP financial measures. The Company believes that EBITDA is useful to understanding its operating
results and the ongoing performance of its underlying business, as EBITDA provides information on the Company s ability to
meet its capital expenditure and working capital requirements, and is also an indicator of profitability. The Company believes
that this reporting provides better transparency and comparability to its operating results. The Company uses both GAAP and non-GAAP
financial measures to evaluate the Company s financial performance. 

EBITDA is defined as earnings
before interest, taxes, and depreciation and amortization. The Company calculates its EBITDA by adding the amount of interest expense,
income tax expense, and depreciation and amortization expenses that have been deducted from net income back into net income, and
subtracting the amount of interest income that was included in net income from net income. 

EBITDA was $39.1 million
for the three months ended October 1, 2016, an increase of 44.3% from $27.1 million in the comparable prior year period. 

For the nine months ended
October 1, 2016, EBITDA was $128.9 million, an increase of 33.6% from $96.5 million in the comparable prior year period. 

 Non-GAAP
Reconciliation   EBITDA 

  EBITDA  

  (Unaudited, dollars in thousands)  

Financial Condition   

Liquidity   

At the end of the third
quarter of 2016, the Company s cash totaled $101.4 million. Pre-LIFO working capital of $189.7 million, less the LIFO reserve
of $43.8 million, resulted in working capital of $145.9 million and a current ratio of 2.7 to 1. 

Operations   

Cash provided by operating
activities was $85.4 million for the nine months ended October 1, 2016, compared to $94.9 million for the comparable prior year
period. This decrease is primarily due to an increase in inventories in the current period compared to a decrease in inventories
in the prior year period and various other working capital fluctuations in both periods. 

24   

       Index   

Third parties supply the
Company with various raw materials for its firearms and castings, such as fabricated steel components, walnut, birch, beech, maple
and laminated lumber for rifle stocks, wax, ceramic material, metal alloys, various synthetic products and other component parts.
There is a limited supply of these materials in the marketplace at any given time, which can cause the purchase prices to vary
based upon numerous market factors. The Company believes that it has adequate quantities of raw materials in inventory or on order
to provide sufficient time to locate and obtain additional items at then-current market cost without interruption of its manufacturing
operations. However, if market conditions result in a significant prolonged inflation of certain prices or if adequate quantities
of raw materials cannot be obtained, the Company s manufacturing processes could be interrupted and the Company s financial
condition or results of operations could be materially adversely affected. 

Investing and Financing   

Capital expenditures for
the nine months ended October 1, 2016 totaled $23.0 million, a decrease from $24.5 million in the comparable prior year period.
In 2016, the Company expects to spend approximately $30 million on capital expenditures to purchase tooling fixtures and equipment
for new product introductions and to upgrade and modernize manufacturing equipment. The Company finances, and intends to continue
to finance, all of these activities with funds provided by operations and current cash. 

Dividends of $25.0 million were paid during
the nine months ended October 1, 2016. 

On October 28, 2016, the
Board of Directors authorized a dividend of 41  per share, for shareholders of record as of November 18, 2016, payable on
November 25, 2016. The payment of future dividends depends on many factors, including internal estimates of future performance,
then-current cash and short-term investments, and the Company s need for funds. The Company has financed its dividends with
cash provided by operations and current cash. 

During the nine months
ended September 26, 2015, the Company repurchased 82,100 shares of its common stock for $2.8 million in the open market. The average
price per share purchased was $34.57. These purchases were funded with cash on hand. As of October 1, 2016, $73.2 million remained
authorized for future stock repurchases. No shares were repurchased in the nine months ended October 1, 2016. 

Based on its unencumbered
assets, the Company believes it has the ability to raise cash through the issuance of short-term or long-term debt. The Company s
unsecured $40 million credit facility, which expires on June 15, 2017, remained unused at October 1, 2016 and the Company has no
debt. 

Other Operational Matters  

In the normal course of
its manufacturing operations, the Company is subject to occasional governmental proceedings and orders pertaining to workplace
safety, firearms serial number tracking and control, waste disposal, air emissions and water discharges into the environment. The
Company believes that it is generally in compliance with applicable Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms   Explosives, environmental,
and safety regulations and the outcome of any proceedings or orders will not have a material adverse effect on the financial position
or results of operations of the Company. 

25   

       Index   

The Company self-insures
a significant amount of its product liability, workers  compensation, medical, and other insurance. It also carries significant
deductible amounts on various insurance policies. 

The Company expects to
realize its deferred tax assets through tax deductions against future taxable income. 

Adjustments to Critical Accounting Policies  

The Company has not made
any adjustments to its critical accounting estimates and assumptions described in the Company s 2015 Annual Report on Form
10-K filed on February 24, 2016, or the judgments affecting the application of those estimates and assumptions. 

Forward-Looking Statements and Projections  

The Company may, from time
to time, make forward-looking statements and projections concerning future expectations. Such statements are based on current expectations
and are subject to certain qualifying risks and uncertainties, such as market demand, sales levels of firearms, anticipated castings
sales and earnings, the need for external financing for operations or capital expenditures, the results of pending litigation against
the Company, the impact of future firearms control and environmental legislation, and accounting estimates, any one or more of
which could cause actual results to differ materially from those projected. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on
these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date made. The Company undertakes no obligation to publish revised
forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date such forward-looking statements are made or to reflect
the occurrence of subsequent unanticipated events. 

ITEM 3. 
     QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK  

Historically, the Company
has been exposed to changing interest rates on its investments, which consisted primarily of United States Treasury instruments
with short-term (less than one year) maturities and cash. The interest rate market risk implicit in the Company s investments
at any given time is typically low, as the investments mature within short periods and the Company does not have significant exposure
to changing interest rates on invested cash, and there has been no material change in the Company s exposure to interest
rate risks during the nine months ended October 1, 2016. 

ITEM 4. 
     CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES  

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures  

The Company s management,
with the participation of the Company s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, has evaluated the effectiveness
of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures (the  Disclosure Controls and Procedures ), as such term
is defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act ),
as of October 1, 2016. 

Based on that evaluation,
the Company s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that, as of October 1, 2016, such Disclosure
Controls and Procedures are effective to  

26   

       Index   

ensure that information required to be disclosed in the Company s periodic reports
filed under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified by the Securities
and Exchange Commission s rules and forms and that such information is accumulated and communicated to the Company s
management, including its Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate,
to allow timely decisions regarding disclosure. 

Additionally, the Company s
Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that, as of the end of the period covered by this Quarterly
Report on Form 10-Q, there have been no changes in the Company s internal control over financial reporting that occurred
during the quarter ended October 1, 2016 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s
internal control over financial reporting. 

The effectiveness of any
system of internal controls and procedures is subject to certain limitations, and, as a result, there can be no assurance that
the Disclosure Controls and Procedures will detect all errors or fraud. An internal control system, no matter how well conceived
and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the internal control system will be attained. 

27   

       Index   

PART II.  
     OTHER INFORMATION  

ITEM 1. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

The nature of the legal
proceedings against the Company is discussed at Note 10 to the financial statements, which are included in this Form 10-Q. 

The Company has reported
all cases instituted against it through July 2, 2016, and the results of those cases, where terminated, to the SEC on its previous
Form 10-Q and 10-K reports, to which reference is hereby made. 

During the three months
ending October 1, 2016, one personal injury case was formally instituted against the Company, captioned   Shannon Wayne Garrison
v. Sturm, Ruger   Company, Inc.   , which was filed on September 20, 2016 and is pending in the United States District
Court for the Northern District of Alabama/Northeastern Division. 

ITEM 1A. 
     RISK FACTORS  

There have been no material
changes in the Company s risk factors from the information provided in Item 1A. Risk Factors included in the Company s
Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015. 

ITEM 2. 
     UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS  

Not applicable 

ITEM 3. 
     DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES  

Not applicable 

ITEM 4. 
     MINING SAFETY DISCLOSURES  

Not applicable 

ITEM 5. 
     OTHER INFORMATION  

None 

28   

       Index   

ITEM 6. 
     EXHIBITS  

(a)  Exhibits:   

10.1  Transition Services and Consulting Agreement, dated as of August 1, 2016, by and between the Company
and Michael O. Fifer. (1)   

(1)   Incorporated by reference to the Company s Form 8-K filed with the S.E.C. on August 2, 2016.   

29   

       Index   

STURM, RUGER   COMPANY, INC. 

FORM 10-Q FOR THE THREE MONTHS ENDED OCTOBER
1, 2016 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

STURM, RUGER   COMPANY, INC.   

Date:  November 1, 2016  
       
      S/THOMAS A. DINEEN   

Thomas A. Dineen 
         Principal Financial Officer, 
         Principal Accounting Officer, 
         Vice President, Treasurer and Chief Financial Officer   

30   

<EX-31.1>
 2
 ex31-1.htm
 EX-31.1

EXHIBIT 31.1 

CERTIFICATION 

I, Michael O. Fifer, certify that: 

1.  I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (the  Report ) of Sturm, Ruger  
Company, Inc. (the  Registrant );   

2.  Based on my knowledge, this Report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or
omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements
were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this Report;   

3.  Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this
Report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Registrant
as of, and for, the periods presented in this Report;   

4.  The Registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial
reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the Registrant and have:   

a)  Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures
to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the Registrant, including its consolidated
subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this Report is being
prepared;   

b)  Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial
reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting
and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;   

c)  Evaluated the effectiveness of the Registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented
in this Report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered
by this Report based on such evaluation; and   

d)  Disclosed in this Report any change in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting
that occurred during the Registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the Registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case
of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Registrant s internal
control over financial reporting; and   

5.  The Registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent
evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the Registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the Registrant s
board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):   

a)  All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control
over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Registrant s ability to record, process, summarize
and report financial information; and   

b)  Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant
role in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting.   

Date: November 1, 2016 

S/MICHAEL O. FIFER                        

 Michael O. Fifer 

 Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 ex31-2.htm
 EX-31.2

EXHIBIT 31.2 

CERTIFICATION 

I, Thomas A. Dineen, certify that: 

1.  I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (the  Report ) of Sturm, Ruger  
Company, Inc. (the  Registrant );   

2.  Based on my knowledge, this Report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or
omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements
were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this Report;   

3.  Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this
Report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Registrant
as of, and for, the periods presented in this Report;   

4.  The Registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial
reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the Registrant and have:   

a)  Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures
to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the Registrant, including its consolidated
subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this Report is being
prepared;   

b)  Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial
reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting
and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;   

c)  Evaluated the effectiveness of the Registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented
in this Report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered
by this Report based on such evaluation; and   

d)  Disclosed in this Report any change in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting
that occurred during the Registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the Registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case
of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Registrant s internal
control over financial reporting; and   

5.  The Registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent
evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the Registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the Registrant s
board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):   

a)  All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control
over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Registrant s ability to record, process, summarize
and report financial information; and   

b)  Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant
role in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting.   

Date: November 1, 2016 

S/THOMAS A. DINEEN                           

 Thomas A. Dineen 

 Vice President, Treasurer and 

 Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 ex32-1.htm
 EX-32.1

EXHIBIT 32.1 

Certification Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section
1350, 

 As Adopted Pursuant to 

 Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

In connection with the Quarterly Report on
Form 10-Q of Sturm, Ruger   Company, Inc. (the  Company ) for the period ended October 1, 2016, as filed with the
Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Michael O. Fifer, Chief Executive Officer
of the Company, hereby certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
of 2002, that, to the best of my knowledge: 

(1)  The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934; and   

(2)  The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respect, the financial
condition and results of operations of the Company.   

Date:  November 1, 2016  
       S/MICHAEL O. FIFER                        

Michael O. Fifer   

Chief Executive Officer   

A signed original of this statement has been
provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff
upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 ex32-2.htm
 EX-32.2

EXHIBIT 32.2 

Certification Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section
1350, 

 As Adopted Pursuant to 

 Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

In connection with the Quarterly Report on
Form 10-Q of Sturm, Ruger   Company, Inc. (the  Company ) for the period ended October 1, 2016, as filed with the
Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Thomas A. Dineen, Treasurer and Chief Financial
Officer of the Company, hereby certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002, that, to the best of my knowledge: 

(1)  The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934; and   

(2)  The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respect, the financial
condition and results of operations of the Company.   

Date:  November 1, 2016  
       S/THOMAS A. DINEEN                       

Thomas A. Dineen   

Vice President, Treasurer and    

Chief Financial Officer   

A signed original of this statement has been
provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff
upon request. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 rgr-20161001.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE FILE

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 rgr-20161001.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 rgr-20161001_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 rgr-20161001_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 rgr-20161001_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 rgr-20161001_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

