<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161108_10-Q_edgar_data_49196_0000049196-16-000085_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>38748743</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>464345</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>1386221</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>16236228</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>16162117</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>3616323</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>173</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>15</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000049196-16-000085.hdr.sgml : 20161108
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161108160523
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000049196-16-000085
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		144
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161108
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161108

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			HUNTINGTON BANCSHARES INC/MD
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000049196
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	NATIONAL COMMERCIAL BANKS [6021]
		IRS NUMBER:				310724920
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MD
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-34073
		FILM NUMBER:		161981316

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		HUNTINGTON CTR
		STREET 2:		41 S HIGH ST HC0917
		CITY:			COLUMBUS
		STATE:			OH
		ZIP:			43287
		BUSINESS PHONE:		6144803594

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		HUNTINGTON CENTER2
		STREET 2:		41 S HIGH ST HC0917
		CITY:			COLUMBUS
		STATE:			OH
		ZIP:			43287

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000049196-16-000085.txt : 20161108

10-Q
 1
 hban20160930_10q.htm
 10-Q

Document 

Table of Contents  

UNITED STATES 
  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
  Washington, D.C. 20549 
  FORM 10-Q 
  QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) 
  OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
  QUARTERLY PERIOD ENDED   September 30, 2016 
  Commission File Number 1-34073 
  Huntington Bancshares Incorporated 
    
                 Maryland 
    31-0724920 
      (State or other jurisdiction of 
  incorporation or organization) 
    (I.R.S. Employer 
  Identification No.) 

41 South High Street, Columbus, Ohio 43287 
  Registrant s telephone number (614) 480-8300 
  Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.       x    Yes           No 
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).       x    Yes           No 
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): 
    
                     Large accelerated filer 
    x 
    Accelerated filer 

Non-accelerated filer 
         (Do not check if a smaller reporting company) 
    Smaller reporting company 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).            Yes      x    No 
  There were   1,084,782,727   shares of Registrant s common stock ($0.01 par value) outstanding on   September 30, 2016  . 

Table of Contents  

HUNTINGTON BANCSHARES INCORPORATED 
  INDEX 

2 

Table of Contents  

Glossary of Acronyms and Terms 
  The following listing provides a comprehensive reference of common acronyms and terms used throughout the document: 
    
                   ABL 
       
    Asset Based Lending 

ABS  
       
    Asset-Backed Securities 

ACL 
       
    Allowance for Credit Losses 

AFCRE 
       
    Automobile Finance and Commercial Real Estate 

AFS 
       
    Available-for-Sale 

ALCO 
       
    Asset-Liability Management Committee 

ALLL 
       
    Allowance for Loan and Lease Losses 

ARM 
       
    Adjustable Rate Mortgage 

ASC 
       
    Accounting Standards Codification 

ASU 
       
    Accounting Standards Update 

ATM 
       
    Automated Teller Machine 

AULC 
       
    Allowance for Unfunded Loan Commitments 

Basel III 
       
    Refers to the final rule issued by the FRB and OCC and published in the Federal Register on October 11, 2013 

C I 
       
    Commercial and Industrial 

Camco Financial 
       
    Camco Financial Corp. 

CCAR 
       
    Comprehensive Capital Analysis and Review 

CDI 
      
    Core Deposit Intangible 

CDO 
       
    Collateralized Debt Obligations 

CDs 
       
    Certificate of Deposit 

CET1 
       
    Common equity tier 1 on a transitional Basel III basis 

CFPB 
       
    Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection 

CFTC 
       
    Commodity Futures Trading Commission 

CMO 
       
    Collateralized Mortgage Obligations 

CRE 
       
    Commercial Real Estate 

Dodd-Frank Act 
       
    Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act 

DTA/DTL 
       
    Deferred Tax Asset/Deferred Tax Liability 

E P 
      
    Exploration and Production 

EFT 
       
    Electronic Fund Transfer 

EPS 
       
    Earnings Per Share 

EVE 
       
    Economic Value of Equity 

Fannie Mae 
       
    (see FNMA) 

FASB 
       
    Financial Accounting Standards Board 

FDIC 
       
    Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation 

FDICIA 
       
    Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation Improvement Act of 1991 

FHA 
       
    Federal Housing Administration 

3 

     Table of Contents  

FHLB 
       
    Federal Home Loan Bank 

FHLMC 
       
    Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation 

FICO 
       
    Fair Isaac Corporation 

FirstMerit 
       
    FirstMerit Corporation 

FNMA 
       
    Federal National Mortgage Association 

FRB 
       
    Federal Reserve Bank 

Freddie Mac 
       
    (see FHLMC) 

FTE 
       
    Fully-Taxable Equivalent 

FTP 
       
    Funds Transfer Pricing 

GAAP 
       
    Generally Accepted Accounting Principles in the United States of America 

GNMA 
       
    Government National Mortgage Association, or Ginnie Mae 

HAA 
      
    Huntington Asset Advisors, Inc. 

HAMP 
       
    Home Affordable Modification Program 

HARP 
       
    Home Affordable Refinance Program 

HASI 
      
    Huntington Asset Services, Inc. 

HIP 
       
    Huntington Investment and Tax Savings Plan 

HQLA 
       
    High Quality Liquid Asset 

HTM 
       
    Held-to-Maturity 

IRS 
       
    Internal Revenue Service 

LCR 
       
    Liquidity Coverage Ratio 

LGD 
       
    Loss-Given-Default 

LIBOR 
       
    London Interbank Offered Rate 

LIHTC 
       
    Low Income Housing Tax Credit 

LTD 
      
    Long-Term Debt 

LTV 
       
    Loan to Value 

Macquarie 
       
    Macquarie Equipment Finance, Inc. (U.S. operations) 

MBS 
       
    Mortgage-Backed Securities 

MD A 
       
    Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

MSA 
       
    Metropolitan Statistical Area 

MSR 
       
    Mortgage Servicing Rights 

NAICS 
       
    North American Industry Classification System 

NALs 
       
    Nonaccrual Loans 

NCO 
       
    Net Charge-off 

NII 
       
    Net Interest Income 

NIM 
       
    Net Interest Margin 

NPA 
       
    Nonperforming Asset 

N.R. 
       
    Not relevant. Denominator of calculation is a gain in the current period compared with a loss in the prior period, or vice-versa 

OCC 
       
    Office of the Comptroller of the Currency 

4 

     Table of Contents  

OCI 
       
    Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) 

OCR 
       
    Optimal Customer Relationship 

OLEM 
       
    Other Loans Especially Mentioned 

OREO 
       
    Other Real Estate Owned 

OTTI 
       
    Other-Than-Temporary Impairment 

PD 
      
    Probability-Of-Default 

Plan 
       
    Huntington Bancshares Retirement Plan 

Problem Loans 
       
    Includes nonaccrual loans and leases (Table 14), troubled debt restructured loans (Table 16), accruing loans and leases past due 90 days or more (aging analysis section of Footnote 4), and Criticized commercial loans (credit quality indicators section of Footnote 4). 

RBHPCG 
       
    Regional Banking and The Huntington Private Client Group 

RCSA 
       
    Risk and Control Self-Assessments 

REIT 
       
    Real Estate Investment Trust 

ROC 
       
    Risk Oversight Committee 

RWA 
       
    Risk-Weighted Assets 

SAD 
       
    Special Assets Division 

SBA 
       
    Small Business Administration 

SEC 
       
    Securities and Exchange Commission 

SERP 
       
    Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan 

SRIP 
       
    Supplemental Retirement Income Plan 

SSFA 
       
    Simplified Supervisory Formula Approach 

TCE 
       
    Tangible Common Equity 

TDR 
       
    Troubled Debt Restructured Loan 

TRUPS 
      
    Trust Preferred Securities 

U.S. Treasury 
       
    U.S. Department of the Treasury 

UCS 
       
    Uniform Classification System 

UDAP 
       
    Unfair or Deceptive Acts or Practices 

Unified 
      
    Unified Financial Securities, Inc. 

UPB 
       
    Unpaid Principal Balance 

USDA 
       
    U.S. Department of Agriculture 

VIE 
       
    Variable Interest Entity 

XBRL 
       
    eXtensible Business Reporting Language 

5 

Table of Contents  

PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
  When we refer to  we ,  our , and  us  in this report, we mean Huntington Bancshares Incorporated and our consolidated subsidiaries, unless the context indicates that we refer only to the parent company, Huntington Bancshares Incorporated. When we refer to the  Bank  in this report, we mean our only bank subsidiary, The Huntington National Bank, and its subsidiaries. 

Item 2: Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
   
  INTRODUCTION 
  We are a multi-state diversified regional bank holding company organized under Maryland law in 1966 and headquartered in Columbus, Ohio. Through the Bank, we have 150 years of servicing the financial needs of our customers. Through our subsidiaries, we provide full-service commercial and consumer banking services, mortgage banking services, automobile financing, recreational vehicle and marine financing, equipment leasing, investment management, trust services, brokerage services, insurance service programs, and other financial products and services. Our   1,129   branches and private client group offices are located in Ohio, Illinois, Indiana, Kentucky, Michigan, Pennsylvania, West Virginia, and Wisconsin. Selected financial services and other activities are also conducted in various other states. International banking services are available through the headquarters office in Columbus, Ohio and a limited purpose office located in the Cayman Islands. Our foreign banking activities, in total or with any individual country, are not significant. 
  This MD A provides information we believe necessary for understanding our financial condition, changes in financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. The MD A included in our 2015 Form 10-K should be read in conjunction with this MD A as this discussion provides only material updates to the 2015 Form 10-K. This MD A should also be read in conjunction with the Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements, Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements, and other information contained in this report. 
  Our discussion is divided into key segments: 
             
    Executive Overview   - Provides a summary of our current financial performance and business overview, including our thoughts on the impact of the economy, legislative and regulatory initiatives, and recent industry developments. This section also provides our outlook regarding our expectations for the next several quarters.   
                
    Discussion of Results of Operations   - Reviews financial performance from a consolidated Company perspective. It also includes a Significant Items section that summarizes key issues helpful for understanding performance trends. Key consolidated average balance sheet and income statement trends are also discussed in this section. 
                
    Risk Management and Capital   -     Discusses credit, market, liquidity, operational, and compliance risks, including how these are managed, as well as performance trends. It also includes a discussion of liquidity policies, how we obtain funding, and related performance. In addition, there is a discussion of guarantees and/or commitments made for items such as standby letters of credit and commitments to sell loans, and a discussion that reviews the adequacy of capital, including regulatory capital requirements. 
                
    Business     Segment Discussion   -     Provides an overview of financial performance for each of our major business segments and provides additional discussion of trends underlying consolidated financial performance. 
                
    Additional Disclosures   -     Provides comments on important matters including forward-looking statements, critical accounting policies and use of significant estimates, and recent accounting pronouncements and developments. 
     A reading of each section is important to understand fully the nature of our financial performance and prospects. 

6 

Table of Contents  

EXECUTIVE OVERVIEW 
    
  Business Combinations 
  On August 16, 2016, Huntington completed its acquisition of FirstMerit Corporation in a stock and cash transaction valued at approximately   $3.7 billion  .  FirstMerit Corporation was a diversified financial services company headquartered in Akron, Ohio, with operations in Ohio, Michigan, Wisconsin, Illinois and Pennsylvania. Post acquisition, Huntington now operates across an eight-state Midwestern footprint.  The acquisition resulted in a combined company with a larger market presence and more diversified loan portfolio, as well as a larger core deposit funding base and economics of scale associated with a larger financial institution. 
    
  Summary of   2016 Third Quarter   Results Compared to   2015 Third Quarter    
  For the quarter, we reported net income of   $127 million  , or   $0.11   per common share, compared with   $153 million  , or   $0.18   per common share, in the year-ago quarter (  see Table 1  ).  Reported net income was impacted by FirstMerit acquisition-related expenses totaling $159 million pre-tax, or $0.11 per common share.   
  Fully-taxable equivalent net interest income was   $636 million  , up   $132 million  , or   26%  . The results reflected the benefit from a   $16.4 billion  , or   26%  ,   increase   in average earning assets and a 2 basis point improvement in the net interest margin to   3.18%  . Average earning asset growth included an   $11.7 billion  , or   24%  ,   increase   in average loans and leases, and a   $4.4 billion  , or   32%  , increase in average securities, both of which were impacted by the mid-quarter FirstMerit acquisition. The net interest margin expansion reflected a 10 basis point increase in earning asset yields and a 2 basis point increase in the benefit from noninterest-bearing funds, partially offset by a 10 basis point increase in funding costs. The 2016 third quarter net interest margin included 12 basis points of purchase accounting favorable impact.   
  The provision for credit losses was   $64 million  , up   $41 million  , or   184%  .  Net charge-offs   increased     $24 million  , or   148%  , to   $40 million  .  Net charge-offs represented an annualized   0.26%   of average loans and leases in the current quarter, up from   0.13%   in the year-ago quarter.  The increase was a function of higher commercial recoveries in the year-ago quarter combined with higher automobile and other consumer losses primarily based on portfolio growth.  We continue to be pleased with the net charge-off performance within each portfolio and in total.  Commercial net charge-offs were positively impacted by continued recoveries in the CRE portfolio and broader continued successful workout strategies, while consumer charge-offs remain within our expected range. Overall consumer credit metrics, led by the residential mortgage and home equity portfolios, continue to show an improving trend, while the commercial portfolios continue to experience some quarter-to-quarter volatility based on the absolute low level of problem loans.   
  Noninterest income was   $302 million  , up   $49 million  , or   19%  .  Mortgage banking income   increased     $22 million  , or   114%  , reflecting a 39% increase in mortgage origination volume and a $10 million impact from net MSR activity.  In addition, service charges on deposit accounts   increased     $12 million  , or   16%  , reflecting the benefit of new customer acquisition.  Also, cards and payment processing income   increased     $8 million  , or   21%  , due to higher credit and debit card related income and underlying customer growth.   
  Noninterest expense was   $712 million  , up   $186 million  , or   35%  .  Reported noninterest expense was impacted by FirstMerit acquisition-related expenses totaling $159 million.  Personnel costs   increased     $119 million  , or   41%  , primarily reflecting $76 million of acquisition-related personnel expense and an increase in average full-time equivalent employees related to the in-store branch expansion and the addition of colleagues from FirstMerit.  In addition, professional services   increased     $35 million  , or   294%  , primarily reflecting $34 million of expenses related to the FirstMerit acquisition.  Also, outside data processing and other services   increased     $33 million  , or   56%  , reflecting $28 million of expenses related to the FirstMerit acquisition, as well as ongoing technology investments.  These increases were partially offset by a   $33 million  , or   41%  ,   decrease   in other expense, primarily reflecting litigation reserve adjustments in the year-ago quarter.   
  The tangible common equity to tangible assets ratio was   7.14%  , down 75 basis points.  The CET1 risk-based capital ratio was   9.09%   at   September 30, 2016  , down from   9.72%   a year ago.  The regulatory tier 1 risk-based capital ratio was   10.40%   compared to   10.49%   at   September 30, 2015  .  All capital ratios were impacted by the $1.3 billion of goodwill created and $2.8 billion of common stock issued as part of the FirstMerit acquisition, as well as to a lesser extent the repurchase of 2.5 million common stock during the 2015 fourth quarter under the repurchase authorization included in the 2015 CCAR capital plan.  The regulatory Tier 1 risk-based and total risk-based capital ratios benefited from the issuance of $400 million and $200 million of class D preferred equity during the 2016 first and second quarters, respectively, and the issuance of $100 million of Huntington class C preferred equity in exchange for FirstMerit preferred equity in conjunction with the acquisition during the 2016 third quarter.  The total risk-based capital ratio was impacted by the repurchase of $25 million of trust preferred securities during the 2016 third quarter.   
  
   7 

     Table of Contents  

Business Overview 
  General 
  Our general business objectives are: (1) grow net interest income and fee income, (2) deliver positive operating leverage, (3) increase primary relationships across all business segments, (4) continue to strengthen risk management and (5) maintain capital and liquidity positions consistent with our risk appetite.  Specifically, we are focused on the successful integration of FirstMerit for the remainder of the year and for 2017.   
  Economy 
  Guidance from the Federal Reserve makes an interest rate increase appear likely in the near term, which would be incrementally helpful to our bottom line.  In addition, according to the Philadelphia FRB coincident economic indicator, economic activity in Michigan, Ohio and Indiana has grown faster than the U.S. in the economic recovery-to-date.  Also, economic activity growth is expected to grow on par within the U.S. in most of the Huntington Footprint states; per capita disposable personal income growth has grown faster than the U.S. during the economic recovery in most Huntington footprint states.  Further, unemployment rates were at or below the national average in August in Indiana, Kentucky, Ohio, Michigan and Wisconsin; unemployment rates are near 15 year lows in Ohio and Michigan.   
  Expectations   2016 
  Excluding Significant Items, we expect total revenues for the full year 2016 to increase 16-18%, while we expect noninterest expenses to increase 13%-15%.  We expect to deliver positive operating leverage for the fourth consecutive year.  We expect the effective tax rate for the full year 2016 to be in the 24%-25% range, excluding Significant Items, which are taxed at an approximate 35% rate.  
  Overall, asset quality metrics are expected to remain near current levels, with moderate quarterly volatility. We anticipate NCOs for the full year 2016 will remain below our long-term normalized range of 35 to 55 basis points. 

DISCUSSION OF RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
  This section provides a review of financial performance from a consolidated perspective. It also includes a  Significant Items  section that summarizes key issues important for a complete understanding of performance trends. Key Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet and Unaudited Condensed Statement of Income trends are discussed. All earnings per share data are reported on a diluted basis. For additional insight on financial performance, please read this section in conjunction with the  Business Segment Discussion.  

8 

     Table of Contents  

9 

     Table of Contents  

(1) 
    Comparisons for presented periods are impacted by a number of factors. Refer to the  Significant Items  for additional discussion regarding these key factors. 
              (2) 
    Net income excluding expense for amortization of intangibles for the period divided by average tangible common shareholders  equity. Average tangible common shareholders  equity equals average total common shareholders  equity less average intangible assets and goodwill. Expense for amortization of intangibles and average intangible assets are net of deferred tax liability, and calculated assuming a 35% tax rate. 
              (3) 
    On a fully-taxable equivalent (FTE) basis assuming a 35% tax rate. 
              (4) 
    Noninterest expense less amortization of intangibles and goodwill impairment divided by the sum of FTE net interest income and noninterest income excluding securities gains. 
     
   10 

     Table of Contents  

(1) 
    Comparisons for presented periods are impacted by a number of factors. Refer to the  Significant Items  for additional discussion regarding these key factors. 
              (2) 
    On a fully taxable equivalent (FTE) basis assuming a 35% tax rate. 

11 

Table of Contents  

Significant Items 
  This section provides a review of financial performance from a consolidated perspective. It also includes a  Significant Items  section (See Non-GAAP Financial Measures) that summarizes key issues important for a complete understanding of performance trends. All earnings per share data are reported on a diluted basis. For additional insight on financial performance, please read this section in conjunction with the  Business Segment Discussion.  
  Significant Items Influencing Financial Performance Comparisons 
  Earnings comparisons were impacted by the Significant Items summarized below: 
    
  1. Mergers and acquisitions, net.   Significant events relating to mergers and acquisitions, and the impacts of those events on our reported results, are as follows  : 

The 2016   third  , second, and first quarters included   $159 million  ,   $21 million  , and   $6 million  , respectively, of noninterest expense related to the acquisition of FirstMerit.   

During the 2015 third quarter, $5 million of noninterest expense was recorded related to the acquisition of Huntington Technology Finance, the transition of the Huntington Funds and the sale of Huntington Asset Advisors, which were completed during the 2015 fourth quarter. 

The 2015 second quarter and first quarter included $2 million and $3 million, respectively, of Huntington Technology Finance merger-related noninterest expense that was not originally reported as a Significant Item. As a result of 2015 third quarter activity, merger related expense was identified as a Significant Item for the 2015 full year and, as such, these amounts are now included as Significant Items. 
       
  2. Litigation reserves.    During the 2015 third quarter, $38 million of additions to litigation reserves were recorded as noninterest expense. 
    
  The following table reflects the earnings impact of the above-mentioned Significant Items for periods affected:    

(1) 
    Pretax unless otherwise noted. 
              (2) 
    Based on average outstanding diluted common shares. 

12 

     Table of Contents  

(1) 
    Pretax unless otherwise noted. 
              (2) 
    Based on average outstanding diluted common shares. 

Net Interest Income / Average Balance Sheet 
  The following tables detail the change in our average balance sheet and the net interest margin:    

13 

     Table of Contents  

14 

     Table of Contents  

(1) 
    FTE yields are calculated assuming a 35% tax rate. 
     
   15 

     Table of Contents  

(2) 
    Loan and lease, and deposit average rates include impact of applicable derivatives, non-deferrable fees, and amortized fees. 
              (3) 
    For purposes of this analysis, NALs are reflected in the average balances of loans. 
     N.R. Not relevant.  
    
  2016 Third Quarter   versus   2015 Third Quarter    
    
  FTE net interest income for the   2016 third quarter     increased     $132 million  , or   26%  , from the   2015 third quarter  . This reflected the benefit from the   $16.4 billion  , or   26%  ,   increase   in average earning assets coupled with a 2 basis point improvement in the FTE net interest margin to   3.18%  .  Average earning asset growth included an   $11.7 billion  , or   24%  ,   increase   in average loans and leases and a   $4.4 billion  , or   32%  , increase in average securities, both of which were impacted by the mid-quarter FirstMerit acquisition.  The NIM expansion reflected a 10 basis point increase in earning asset yields and a 2 basis point increase in the benefit from noninterest-bearing funds, partially offset by a 10 basis point increase in funding costs.  The 2016 third quarter NIM included 12 basis points of purchase accounting benefit.  
  Average earning assets for the   2016 third quarter     increased     $16.4 billion  , or   26%  , from the year-ago quarter.  The increase was driven by: 
             
    $5.2 billion  , or   26%  ,   increase   in average C I loans and leases, impacted by the mid-quarter FirstMerit acquisition.  This increase also reflects organic growth in equipment finance leases, automobile dealer floorplan lending, and corporate banking.  
                
    $4.4 billion  , or   32%  , increase in average securities, impacted by the mid-quarter FirstMerit acquisition, the reinvestment of cash flows and additional investment in Liquidity Coverage Ratio (LCR) Level 1 qualifying securities, and a $0.8 billion increase in direct purchase municipal instruments in our Commercial Banking segment, offset by sales of certain securities following the closing of the FirstMerit acquisition.  
                
    $2.5 billion  , or   28%  ,   increase   in average automobile loans, impacted by the mid-quarter FirstMerit acquisition. The 2016 third quarter represented the eleventh consecutive quarter of greater than $1.0 billion in automobile loan originations, while maintaining our underwriting consistency and discipline.  
                
    $1.1 billion  , or   20%  ,   increase   in average CRE loans, impacted by the mid-quarter FirstMerit acquisition. 
                
    $1.0 billion  , or   16%  ,   increase   in average residential mortgage loans, impacted by the mid-quarter FirstMerit acquisition as well as increased demand for residential mortgage loans across our footprint. 
                
    $0.9 billion   increase in RV and marine finance loans, reflecting the acquisition of the product offering in the FirstMerit acquisition. 
                
    $0.7 billion  , or   9%  , increase in average home equity loans, impacted by the mid-quarter FirstMerit acquisition. 
     While not affecting quarterly average balances, approximately $2.6 billion of total loans and leases, comprised of $1.5 billion of automobile loans, $1.0 billion of predominantly non-relationship C I loans and leases, and $0.1 billion of predominantly non-relationship CRE loans were moved to   Loans held for sale   at the end of the 2016 third quarter as part of a continued balance sheet optimization strategy following the closing of the FirstMerit acquisition.   
  Average total deposits for the   2016 third quarter     increased     $12.1 billion  , or   22%  , from the year-ago quarter, impacted by the mid-quarter FirstMerit acquisition, while average total core deposits   increased     $11.1 billion  , or   22%  .  Average total interest-bearing liabilities   increased     $12.0 billion  , or   27%  , from the year-ago quarter, impacted by the mid-quarter FirstMerit acquisition.  Changes in total liabilities from the year-ago quarter reflected: 
             
    $8.8 billion, or   37%  , increase in average demand deposits, impacted by the mid-quarter FirstMerit acquisition.  Average interest-bearing demand deposits   increased     $5.8 billion  , or   87%  , and average noninterest-bearing demand deposits   increased     $3.0 billion  , or   18%  .  The increase in average total demand deposits was comprised of a $6.1 billion, or 39%, increase in average commercial demand deposits and a $2.7 billion, or 33%, increase in average consumer demand deposits. 
                
    $3.7 billion  , or   70%  ,   increase   in savings and other domestic deposits, impacted by the mid-quarter FirstMerit acquisition. 
                
    $2.9 billion, or   42%  , increase in average total debt, primarily reflecting the issuance of $3.3 billion of senior debt over the past five quarters. 
                
    $1.1 billion  , or   40%  ,   increase   in brokered deposits and negotiable CDs, impacted by the mid-quarter FirstMerit acquisition. 
     
   16 

     Table of Contents  

Partially offset by: 
             
    $1.1 billion  , or   5%  ,   decrease   in average money market deposits.  During the 2016 third quarter, changes to commercial accounts resulted in the reclassification of $2.8 billion of deposits from money market into interest-bearing demand deposits.  This decrease was partially offset by the impact of the mid-quarter FirstMerit acquisition.  
       
  2016 Third Quarter   versus   2016 Second Quarter    
    
  Compared to the   2016 second quarter  , FTE net interest income   increased     $120 million  , or   23%  .  Average earning assets   increased     $11.8 billion  , or   17%  , sequentially, and the NIM increased 12 basis points.  The increase in the NIM reflected an 11 basis point increase in earning asset yields and a 1 basis point decrease in the cost of interest-bearing liabilities. 
  Compared to the   2016 second quarter  , average earning assets   increased     $11.8 billion  , or   17%  . On a reported basis, average loans and leases   increased     $8.8 billion  , or   17%  , primarily reflecting a   $3.6 billion     increase   in average C I loans, a   $1.1 billion     increase   in average CRE loans, a   $1.3 billion     increase   in average automobile loans, a   $0.8 billion     increase   in home equity loans, and a   $0.8 billion     increase   in residential mortgage loans, as well as the addition of   $0.9 billion   in RV and marine finance loans.  Average securities increased   $2.9 billion  , or   19%  .  These increases primarily reflected the FirstMerit acquisition.   
  Compared to the   2016 second quarter  , average total core deposits   increased     $10.1 billion  , or   20%  .  The increase primarily reflected a   $3.9 billion  , or   46%  ,   increase   in average interest-bearing demand deposits, a   $3.5 billion  , or   21%  ,   increase   in average noninterest-bearing demand deposits, and a   $3.5 billion  , or   65%  ,   increase   in savings and other domestic deposits, partially offset by a   $1.1 billion  , or   6%  ,   decrease   in money market deposits.  These increases primarily reflected the mid-quarter FirstMerit acquisition.  Average total debt increased $0.9 billion, or 10%, reflecting the $1.0 billion senior debt issuance during the 2016 third quarter. 

17 

     Table of Contents  

(1) 
    FTE yields are calculated assuming a 35% tax rate. 
              (2) 
    Loan, lease, and deposit average rates include the impact of applicable derivatives, non-deferrable fees, and amortized deferred fees. 
              (3) 
    For purposes of this analysis, nonaccrual loans are reflected in the average balances of loans.  
     N.R. Not relevant.  

18 

     Table of Contents  

2016 First Nine Months   versus   2015 First Nine Months    
    
  FTE net interest income for the first   nine-month   period of   2016     increased     $187 million  , or   13%  , reflecting the benefit of an   $8.9 billion  , or   14%  ,   increase   in average total earning assets. The fully-taxable equivalent net interest margin   decreased   to   3.12%   from   3.17%  . The   increase   in average earning assets reflected: 
             
    $2.9 billion  , or   21%  , increase in average securities was impacted by the FirstMerit acquisition during the 2016 third quarter. The increase in average securities also reflects the reinvestment of cash flows and additional investment in Liquidity Coverage Ratio (LCR) Level 1 qualifying securities and an increase in direct purchase municipal instruments in our Commercial Banking segment.   
                
    $2.7 billion  , or   14%  ,   increase   in average C I loans and leases was impacted by the FirstMerit acquisition during the 2016 third quarter. The increase in average C I loans and leases also reflects organic growth in equipment finance leases, automobile dealer floorplan lending, and corporate banking. 
                
    $1.8 billion  , or   22%  ,   increase   in average automobile loans was impacted by the FirstMerit acquisition during the 2016 third quarter. The   2016 third quarter   represented the eleventh consecutive quarter of greater than $1.0 billion in automobile loan originations, while maintaining our underwriting consistency and discipline. 
      
  Provision for Credit Losses 
  (This section should be read in conjunction with the Credit Risk section.) 
  The provision for credit losses is the expense necessary to maintain the ALLL and the AULC at levels appropriate to absorb our estimate of credit losses in the loan and lease portfolio and the portfolio of unfunded loan commitments and letters-of-credit. 
  The provision for credit losses for the   2016 third quarter   was   $64 million   compared with   $25 million   for the   2016 second quarter   and   $22 million   for the   2015 third quarter  . The provision for credit losses for the   2016 third quarter     increased     $41 million  , or   184%  , compared to year-ago period.  On a year-to-date basis, provision for credit losses for the first   nine-month   period of   2016   was   $116 million  , an   increase   of   $52 million  , or   83%  , compared to year-ago period.  The increase from the   2016 second quarter   and year-to-date provision for credit losses was the result of a higher level of NCOs, organic growth, and incremental reserves on the FirstMerit portfolio due to the rate mark more than offsetting the credit mark on certain portfolios (See Credit Quality discussion).  In addition, there was an incremental provision for credit losses associated with the transfer of certain loans to loans held for sale late in the 2016 third quarter.   

19 

Table of Contents  

Noninterest Income 
  The following table reflects noninterest income for each of the past five quarters:    

2016 Third Quarter   versus   2015 Third Quarter    
    
  Noninterest income for the   2016 third quarter     increased     $49 million  , or   19%  , from the year-ago quarter.  The year-over-year   increase   primarily reflected: 
             
    $22 million  , or   114%  ,   increase   in mortgage banking income, reflecting a 39% increase in mortgage origination volume and a $10 million impact from net MSR activity. 
                
    $12 million  , or   16%  ,   increase   in service charges on deposit accounts, reflecting the benefit of continued new customer acquisition.  Of the increase, $8 million was attributable to consumer deposit accounts, while $4 million was attributable to commercial deposit accounts. 
                
    $8 million  , or   21%  ,   increase   in cards and payment processing income, due to higher credit and debit card related income and underlying customer growth. 
       
  2016 Third Quarter   versus   2016 Second Quarter    
    
  Compared to the   2016 second quarter  , total noninterest income   increased     $31 million  , or   12%  .  Service charges on deposit accounts   increased     $11 million  , or   15%  , primarily reflecting the benefit of continued new customer acquisition.  Of the increase, $7 million was attributable to consumer deposit accounts, while $4 million was attributable to commercial deposit accounts.  Mortgage banking income   increased     $9 million  , or   29%  , primarily driven by a 9% increase in mortgage origination volume and a $3 million impact from net MSR activity. 

20 

     Table of Contents  

The   $49 million  , or   6%  ,   increase   in total noninterest income reflected: 
             
    $25 million  , or   12%  ,   increase   service charges on deposit accounts, reflecting the benefit of continued new customer acquisition.   
                
    $15 million  , or   14%  ,   increase   in cards and payment processing income, due to higher card related income and underlying customer growth. 
                
    $10 million  , or   13%  ,   increase   in mortgage banking income, reflecting a 16% increase in mortgage origination volume.   
                
    $4 million  , or   4%     increase   in other income, primarily reflecting equipment operating lease income related to Huntington Technology Finance.   
     Partially offset by: 
             
    $6 million  , or   8%  ,   decrease   in trust services, primarily related to the sale of HAA, HASI, and Unified, and the transition of the remaining Huntington Funds at the end of the 2015 fourth quarter. 

21 

Table of Contents  

Noninterest Expense 
  (This section should be read in conjunction with Significant Items 1 and 2.) 
  The following table reflects noninterest expense for each of the past five quarters:    

Impacts of Significant Items: 

22 

     Table of Contents  

Adjusted Noninterest Expense (Non-GAAP): 

2016 Third Quarter   versus   2015 Third Quarter    
    
  Reported noninterest expense for the   2016 third quarter     increased     $186 million  , or   35%  , from the year-ago quarter. Changes in reported noninterest expense primarily reflect: 
             
    $119 million  , or   41%  ,   increase   in personnel costs, primarily reflecting $76 million of acquisition-related personnel expense and a 17% increase in average full-time equivalent employees related to the in-store branch expansion and the addition of colleagues from FirstMerit. 
                
    $35 million  , or   294%  ,   increase   in professional expense, reflecting $34 million of legal and consulting expense related to the FirstMerit acquisition.  
                
    $33 million  , or   56%  ,   increase   in outside data processing and other services expense, reflecting $28 million of Significant Items related to the FirstMerit acquisition as well as ongoing technology investments. 
     Partially offset by: 
             
    $33 million  , or   41%  ,   decrease   in other expense, primarily reflecting litigation reserve adjustments in the year-ago quarter. 
     2016 Third Quarter   versus   2016 Second Quarter    
    
  Reported noninterest expense   increased     $189 million  , or   36%  , from the   2016 second quarter  .  Personnel costs   increased     $106 million  , or   35%  , primarily related to $76 million of acquisition-related personnel expense in the 2016 third quarter compared to $5 million in the prior quarter as well as a 17% increase in average full-time equivalent employees related to FirstMerit.  Outside data processing and other services   increased     $28 million  , or   45%  , primarily reflecting $28 million of acquisition-related expense in the 2016 third quarter compared to $3 million in the prior quarter.  Professional services expense   increased     $26 million  , or   119%  , primarily reflecting $34 million of acquisition-related expense in the 2016 third quarter compared to $11 million in the prior quarter. 
  
   23 

Table of Contents  

Impacts of Significant Items:    

Adjusted Noninterest Expense (Non-GAAP): 

Reported noninterest expense increased   $250 million  , or   17%  , from the year-ago period.  Changes in reported noninterest expense primarily reflect: 
             
    $156 million  , or   19%  , increase in personnel costs, primarily reflecting $81 million of acquisition-related expense and a 7% increase in the number of average full-time equivalent employees largely related to the in-store branch expansion and the addition of colleagues from FirstMerit.   
                
    $48 million  , or   29%  , increase in outside data processing and other services, primarily reflecting $31 million of acquisition-related expense and ongoing technology investments.   
                
    $45 million  , or   120%  , increase in professional services expense, primarily reflecting $49 million of acquisition-related expense.   
     
   24 

     Table of Contents  

$15 million  , or   17%  , increase in net occupancy expense, primarily reflecting $8 million of acquisition-related expense and a $4 million increase in lease expense.   
                
    $12 million  , or   13%  , increase in equipment expense, primarily reflecting $5 million of acquisition-related expense, a $4 million increase in depreciation, and a $3 million increase in maintenance.   
     Partially offset by: 
             
    $25 million  , or   15%  , decrease in other expense, primarily impacted by litigation reserve adjustments in the year-ago period.  

Provision for Income Taxes 
  The provision for income taxes in the   2016 third quarter   was   $25 million  . This compared with a provision for income taxes of   $47 million   in the   2015 third quarter   and   $54 million   in the   2016 second quarter  . The provision for income taxes for the   nine-month   periods ended   September 30, 2016   and   September 30, 2015   was   $134 million   and   $165 million  , respectively.  All periods included the benefits from tax-exempt income, tax-advantaged investments, general business credits, investments in qualified affordable housing projects, and capital losses.  The effective tax rates for the 2016 third quarter, 2015 third quarter, and 2016 second quarter were 16.3%, 23.5%, and 23.7% respectively.  The effective tax rates for the nine-month periods ended September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015 were 22.1% and 24.3% respectively.  The variance between the 2016 third quarter compared to the 2015 third quarter and 2016 second quarter and for the nine-month period ended September 30, 2016 compared to the nine-month period ended September 30, 2015 in the provision for income taxes and effective tax rates relates primarily to the Significant Items. The net federal deferred tax asset was   $172 million   and the net state deferred tax asset was   $43 million   at   September 30, 2016  . 
  We file income tax returns with the IRS and various state, city, and foreign jurisdictions. Federal income tax audits have been completed for tax years through 2009. The IRS is currently examining our 2010 and 2011 consolidated federal income tax returns. Various state and other jurisdictions remain open to examination, including Ohio, Kentucky, Indiana, Michigan, Pennsylvania, West Virginia, and Illinois. 
   
  RISK MANAGEMENT AND CAPITAL 
  We use a multi-faceted approach to risk governance. It begins with the board of directors defining our risk appetite as aggregate moderate-to-low. Risk awareness, identification and assessment, reporting, and active management are key elements in overall risk management. Controls include, among others, effective segregation of duties, access, authorization and reconciliation procedures, as well as staff education and a disciplined assessment process. 
  We identify primary risks, and the sources of those risks, across the Company. We utilize Risk and Control Self-Assessments (RCSA) to identify exposure risks. Through this RCSA process, we continually assess the effectiveness of controls associated with the identified risks, regularly monitor risk profiles and material exposure to losses, and identify stress events and scenarios to which we may be exposed. Our chief risk officer is responsible for ensuring that appropriate systems of controls are in place for managing and monitoring risk across the Company. Potential risk concerns are shared with the Risk Management Committee, Risk Oversight Committee (ROC), and the board of directors, as appropriate. Our internal audit department performs on-going independent reviews of the risk management process and ensures the adequacy of documentation. The results of these reviews are regularly reported to the audit committee and board of directors. In addition, our Credit Review group performs ongoing independent testing of our loan portfolio, the results of which are regularly reviewed with our Risk Oversight Committee. 
  We believe that our primary risk exposures are credit, market, liquidity, operational, and compliance oriented. More information on risk can be found in the Risk Factors section included in Item 1A of our   2015   Form 10-K and subsequent filings with the SEC. The MD A included in our   2015   Form 10-K should be read in conjunction with this MD A as this discussion provides only material updates to the Form 10-K. This MD A should also be read in conjunction with the financial statements, notes and other information contained in this report. Our definition, philosophy, and approach to risk management have not materially changed from the discussion presented in the   2015   Form 10-K. 
   
  Credit Risk 
  Credit risk is the risk of financial loss if a counterparty is not able to meet the agreed upon terms of the financial obligation. The majority of our credit risk is associated with lending activities, as the acceptance and management of credit risk is central to profitable lending. We also have credit risk associated with our AFS and HTM securities portfolios   (see Note   5   and Note   6   of the Notes to the Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements)  . We engage with other financial  
  
   25 

     Table of Contents  

counterparties for a variety of purposes including investing, asset and liability management, mortgage banking, and trading activities. While there is credit risk associated with derivative activity, we believe this exposure is minimal. 
  We continue to focus on the identification, monitoring, and managing of our credit risk. In addition to the traditional credit risk mitigation strategies of credit policies and processes, market risk management activities, and portfolio diversification, we use quantitative measurement capabilities utilizing external data sources, enhanced use of modeling technology, and internal stress testing processes. Our portfolio management resources demonstrate our commitment to maintaining an aggregate moderate-to-low risk profile. In our efforts to continue to identify risk mitigation techniques, we have focused on product design features, origination policies, and solutions for delinquent or stressed borrowers. 
  Loan and Lease Credit Exposure Mix 
    
  Refer to the    Loan and Lease Credit Exposure Mix    section of our   2015   Form 10-K for a brief description of each portfolio segment.  As a result of the FirstMerit acquisition, we have added a new portfolio segment. 
    
  RV and marine finance - RV and marine finance loans are loans provided to consumers for the purpose of financing recreational vehicles and boats. 
    
  The table below provides the composition of our total loan and lease portfolio: 

26 

     Table of Contents  

(1) 
    Represents loans from FirstMerit acquisition. 
       
  Loans originated for investment are stated at their principal amount outstanding adjusted for partial charge-offs, and net deferred loan fees and costs.  Acquired loans are those purchased in the FirstMerit acquisition and are recorded at estimated fair value at the acquisition date with no carryover of the related ALLL.  The difference between acquired contractual balance and estimated fair value at acquisition date was recorded as a purchase premium or discount.  The acquired loan portfolio will show a continuous decline as a result of payments, payoffs, charge-offs or other disposition, unless Huntington acquires additional loans in the future.   
    
  Our loan portfolio is composed of consumer and commercial credits. At the corporate level, we manage the credit exposure and portfolio composition in part via a credit concentration policy. The policy designates specific loan types, collateral types, and loan structures to be formally tracked and assigned limits as a percentage of capital. C I lending by NAICS categories, specific limits for CRE primary project types, loans secured by residential real estate, shared national credit exposure, and designated high risk loan definitions represent examples of specifically tracked components of our concentration management process. Currently there are no identified concentrations that exceed the established limit, including the impact of the FirstMerit acquisition.  Our concentration management policy is approved by the ROC of the Board and is one of the strategies used to ensure a high quality, well diversified portfolio that is consistent with our overall objective of maintaining an aggregate moderate-to-low risk profile. Changes to existing concentration limits require the approval of the ROC prior to implementation, incorporating specific information relating to the potential impact on the overall portfolio composition and performance metrics. 
  The table below provides our total loan and lease portfolio segregated by the type of collateral securing the loan or lease. The changes in the collateral composition from   December 31, 2015   are consistent with the portfolio growth metrics. 
  
   27 

     Table of Contents  

Commercial Credit 
  Refer to the  Commercial Credit  section of our   2015   Form 10-K for our commercial credit underwriting and on-going credit management processes.   
  C I PORTFOLIO 
  The C I portfolio continues to have solid origination activity as evidenced by its growth over the past 12 months and we maintain a focus on high quality originations. The loans added as a result of the FirstMerit acquisition have a very similar risk profile and composition to the legacy Huntington portfolio.  The only material new geographic location is the Chicago market.  Problem loans had trended downward over the last several years, reflecting a combination of proactive risk identification and effective workout strategies implemented by the SAD. However, in the first quarter of 2016 C I problem loans began to increase, primarily as a result of oil and gas exploration and production customers and the increase in overall C I loan portfolio size. We have seen some improvement in the Energy portfolio risk profile in the subsequent six months.  We continue to maintain a proactive approach to identifying borrowers that may be facing financial difficulty in order to maximize the potential solutions. Subsequent to the origination of the loan, the Credit Review group provides an independent review and assessment of the quality of the underwriting and risk of new loan originations. 
  We have a dedicated energy lending group that focuses on upstream companies (exploration and production or E P firms) as well as midstream (pipeline transportation) companies.  This lending group is comprised of colleagues with many years of experience in this area of specialized lending, through several economic cycles.  The exposure to the E P companies is centered in broadly syndicated reserve-based loans and is less than 1% of our total loans.  All of these loans are secured and in a first-lien position.  The customer base consists of larger firms that generally have had access to the capital markets and/or are backed by private equity firms.  This lending group has no exposure to oil field services companies.  However, we have a few legacy oil field services customers for which the remaining aggregate credit exposure is negligible. 
  The significant reduction in oil and gas prices over the past year has had a negative impact on the energy industry, particularly exploration and production companies as well as the oil field services providers.  The impact of low prices for an extended period of time has had some level of adverse impact on most, if not all, borrowers in this segment.  Most of these borrowers have, therefore, had recent downward adjustments to their risk ratings, which has increased our loan loss reserve. 
  We have other energy related exposures, including utilities, mining, wholesale distributors, transportation companies, gas stations, and pipelines.  We continue to monitor these exposures closely. However, these exposures have different factors affecting their performance, and we have not seen the same level of volatility in performance or risk rating migration.  
  Consumer Credit 
  Refer to the  Consumer Credit  section of our   2015   Form 10-K for our consumer credit underwriting and on-going credit management processes. 
  
   28 

     Table of Contents  

(1) 
    The LTV ratios for home equity loans and home equity lines-of-credit are cumulative and reflect the balance of any senior loans. LTV ratios reflect collateral values at the time of loan origination. 
              (2) 
    Portfolio weighted average FICO scores reflect currently updated customer credit scores whereas origination weighted average FICO scores reflect the customer credit scores at the time of loan origination. 
              (3) 
    Represents only owned-portfolio originations. 
     We are subject to repurchase risk associated with residential mortgage loans sold in the secondary market. An appropriate level of reserve for representations and warranties related to residential mortgage loans sold has been established to address this repurchase risk inherent in the portfolio. 
  Within the home equity portfolio, the standard product is a 10-year interest-only draw period with a 20-year fully amortizing term at the end of the draw period. Prior to 2006, the standard product was a 10-year draw period with a balloon payment. In either case, after the 10-year draw period, the borrower must reapply, subject to full underwriting guidelines, to continue with the interest only revolving structure or begin repaying the debt in a term structure. The principal and interest payment associated with the term structure will be higher than the interest-only payment, resulting in end of draw period risk. Our HELOC risk can be segregated into two distinct segments: (1) home equity lines-of-credit underwritten with a balloon payment at maturity acquired from FirstMerit and (2) home equity lines-of-credit with an automatic conversion to a 20-year amortizing loan. We manage this risk based on both the actual maturity date of the line-of-credit structure and at the end of the 10-year draw period. This risk is embedded in the portfolio which we address with proactive contact strategies beginning one year prior to either maturity of the end of draw period.  In certain circumstances, our Home Saver group is able to provide payment and structure relief to borrowers experiencing significant financial hardship associated with the payment adjustment.  
    
  The table below summarizes our home equity line-of-credit portfolio by end of draw period described above: 

29 

     Table of Contents  

Credit Quality 
  (This section should be read in conjunction with Note   4   of the Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements.) 
  We believe the most meaningful way to assess overall credit quality performance is through an analysis of credit quality performance ratios. This approach forms the basis of most of the discussion in the sections immediately following: NPAs and NALs, TDRs, ACL, and NCOs. In addition, we utilize delinquency rates, risk distribution and migration patterns, and product segmentation in the analysis of our credit quality performance. 
  Credit quality performance in the   2016 third quarter  , including the FirstMerit acquisition, reflected continued overall positive results with stable delinquencies, an unchanged criticized asset ratio, and a   3%     decline   in NPAs from the prior quarter to   $476 million  .  The decrease in NPAs was achieved despite an increase in OREO assets associated with the acquired portfolio.  Net charge-offs   increased   by   $23 million   from the prior quarter, primarily due to an increase in the C I portfolio, and expected seasonal increases in the consumer portfolio. Total NCOs were   $40 million   or 0.26% of average total loans and leases. The ACL to total loans and leases ratio   declined   by   27   basis point to   1.06%  , due to the impact of the FirstMerit acquisition as acquired loans are recorded at fair value with no associated ACL on the date of acquisition. 
  NPAs, NALs, AND TDRs 
  (This section should be read in conjunction with Note   4   of the Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements.) 
  NPAs and NALs 
  NPAs consist of (1) NALs, which represent loans and leases no longer accruing interest, (2) OREO properties, and (3) other NPAs. Any loan in our portfolio may be placed on nonaccrual status prior to the policies described below when collection of principal or interest is in doubt. Also, when a borrower with discharged non-reaffirmed debt in a Chapter 7 bankruptcy is identified and the loan is determined to be collateral dependent, the loan is placed on nonaccrual status. 
  C I and CRE loans (except for purchased credit impaired loans) are placed on nonaccrual status at 90-days past due, or earlier if repayment of principal and interest is in doubt. 
  Of the $242 million of CRE and C I-related NALs at   September 30, 2016  , $163 million, or 67%, represented loans that were less than 30-days past due, demonstrating our continued commitment to proactive credit risk management. With the exception of residential mortgage loans guaranteed by government organizations which continue to accrue interest, first-lien loans secured by residential mortgage collateral are placed on nonaccrual status at 150-days past due. Junior-lien home equity loans are placed on nonaccrual status at the earlier of 120-days past due or when the related first-lien loan has been identified as nonaccrual. Automobile and other consumer loans are generally charged-off prior to the loan reaching 120-days past due. 
  When loans are placed on nonaccrual status, accrued interest income is reversed with current year accruals charged to interest income and prior year amounts generally charged-off as a credit loss. When, in our judgment, the borrower s ability to make required interest and principal payments has resumed and collectability is no longer in doubt, the loan or lease could be returned to accrual status. 
  The following table reflects period-end NALs and NPAs detail for each of the last five quarters: 

30 

     Table of Contents  

31 

     Table of Contents  

(1) 
    Excludes loans transferred to loans held-for-sale. 
              (2) 
    Other nonperforming assets includes certain impaired investment securities. 
              (3) 
    Nonperforming assets divided by the sum of loans and leases, net other real estate owned, and other NPAs. 
              (4) 
    The sum of nonperforming assets and total accruing loans and leases past due 90 days or more divided by the sum of loans and leases and other real estate. 
              (5) 
    Represents loans from FirstMerit acquisition. 
     2016 Third Quarter   versus   2016 Second Quarter    
  Total NPAs   decreased   by   $14 million  , or   3%   compared with   June 30, 2016  : 
             
    $69 million  , or   24%  ,   decline   in C I NALs, primarily the result of resolutions, upgrades, and paydowns during the quarter. 
     Primarily offset by: 
             
    $42 million  , or   147%  ,   increase   in OREO, predominately associated with an increase in commercial properties from the FirstMerit acquisition.   
                
    $12 million  , or   21%  ,   increase   in home equity NALs, reflecting some additional aging of delinquencies in the portfolio. 
     2016 Third Quarter   versus   2015 Fourth Quarter 
  The   $77 million  , or   19%  ,   increase   in NPAs compared with   December 31, 2015  , represents: 
             
    $46 million  , or   26%  ,   increase   in C I NALs, with the majority of the increase in our energy related E P and coal portfolios. 
                
    $44 million  , or   161%  ,   increase   in OREO, specifically associated with an increase in commercial properties from the FirstMerit acquisition. 
     Primarily offset by: 
             
    $8 million  , or   27%  ,   decline   in CRE NALs, reflecting the resolution of one large credit during the year. 
                
    $6 million  , or   7%  ,   decline   in residential mortgage NALs, reflecting the overall improvement in the real estate market and lower delinquencies as compared to prior periods. 
     TDR Loans 
  (This section should be read in conjunction with Note   4   of the Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements.) 
  TDRs are modified loans where a concession was provided to a borrower experiencing financial difficulties. TDRs can be classified as either accruing or nonaccruing loans. Nonaccruing TDRs are included in NALs whereas accruing TDRs are excluded from NALs, as it is probable that all contractual principal and interest due under the restructured terms will be collected. TDRs primarily reflect our loss mitigation efforts to proactively work with borrowers in financial difficulty or to comply with regulatory regulations regarding the treatment of certain bankruptcy filing and discharge situations.  Acquired, non-purchased credit impaired loans are only considered for TDR reporting for modifications made subsequent to acquisition.  Over the past five quarters, the accruing component of the total TDR balance has been between 80% and 84% indicating there is no identified credit loss and the borrowers continue to make their monthly payments.  In fact, over 80% of the   $527 million   of accruing TDRs secured by residential real estate (Residential mortgage and Home Equity in Table   15  ) are current on their required payments.  In addition, over 60% of the accruing pool have had no delinquency at all in the past 12 months.  There is very limited migration from the accruing to non-accruing components, and virtually all of the charge-offs as presented in Table   16   come from the non-accruing TDR balances. 
  
   32 

     Table of Contents  

The table below presents our accruing and nonaccruing TDRs at period-end for each of the past five quarters: 

(1) 
    Includes TDRs transferred from loans held for sale to loans. 
              (2) 
    Excludes TDRs transferred from loans to loans held for sale. 
     The following table reflects TDR activity for each of the past five quarters: 
  
   33 

     Table of Contents  

(1) 
    Represents existing TDRs that were re-underwritten with new terms providing a concession. A corresponding amount is included in the New TDRs amount above. 
              (2) 
    Primarily includes transfers between accruing and nonaccruing categories. 
     ACL 
  (This section should be read in conjunction with Note   4   of the Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements.) 
  Our total credit reserve is comprised of two different components, both of which in our judgment are appropriate to absorb credit losses inherent in our loan and lease portfolio: the ALLL and the AULC. Combined, these reserves comprise the total ACL. Our ACL methodology committee is responsible for developing the methodology, assumptions and estimates used in the calculation, as well as determining the appropriateness of the ACL. The ALLL represents the estimate of losses inherent in the loan portfolio at the reported date. Additions to the ALLL result from recording provision expense for loan losses or increased risk levels resulting from loan risk-rating downgrades, while reductions reflect charge-offs (net of recoveries), decreased risk levels resulting from loan risk-rating upgrades, or the sale of loans. The AULC is determined by applying the same quantitative reserve determination process to the unfunded portion of the loan exposures adjusted by an applicable funding expectation. 

34 

     Table of Contents  

The acquired loans were recorded at their fair value as of the acquisition date and the prior ALLL was eliminated. An ALLL for acquired loans is estimated using a methodology similar to that used for originated loans. The allowance determined for each acquired loan is compared to the remaining fair value adjustment for that loan. If the computed allowance is greater, the excess is added to the allowance through a provision for loan losses. If the computed allowance is less, no additional allowance is recognized. 
  We regularly evaluate the appropriateness of the ACL by performing on-going evaluations of the loan and lease portfolio including such factors as the differing economic risks associated with each loan category, the financial condition of specific borrowers, the level of delinquent loans, the value of any collateral and, where applicable, the existence of any guarantees or other documented support. We evaluate the impact of changes in interest rates and overall economic conditions on the ability of borrowers to meet their financial obligations when quantifying our exposure to credit losses and assessing the appropriateness of our ACL at each reporting date. In addition to general economic conditions and the other factors described above, additional factors considered include: the impact of increasing or decreasing residential real estate values; the diversification of CRE loans; the organic development of new products, or expanded Commercial business verticals such as healthcare, ABL, and energy. An aspect not previously incorporated in the quarterly allowance adequacy evaluation involves the evaluation of the acquired FirstMerit portfolio. We were able to identify similar loan products originated by Huntington and utilized our allowance estimation factors in establishing an adequate reserve level for those products.  In instances where the product was new to the owned portfolio, we were able to utilize our allowance methodology in establishing product specific probability of default and loss given default factors. A provision for credit losses is recorded to adjust the ACL to the level we have determined to be appropriate to absorb credit losses inherent in our loan and lease portfolio as of the balance sheet date. 
  Our ACL evaluation process includes the on-going assessment of credit quality metrics, and a comparison of certain ACL benchmarks to current performance.  
  The table below reflects the allocation of our ACL among our various loan categories during each of the past five quarters:    

35 

     Table of Contents  

(1) 
    Percentages represent the percentage of each loan and lease category to total loans and leases. 
              (2) 
    Represents loans from FirstMerit acquisition. 
     
   36 

     Table of Contents  

2016 Third Quarter   versus   2015 Fourth Quarter     
  The   $35 million  , or   5%  ,   increase   in the ACL compared with   December 31, 2015  , was driven by: 
             
    $34 million  , or   11%  ,   increase   in the ALLL of the C I portfolio was related to an   increase   in NALs within our energy related E P and coal portfolios. 
                
    $16 million  , or   23%  ,   increase   in the AULC driven primarily by an increase in criticized unfunded exposures within the energy sector portfolio.  
     Partially offset by: 
             
    $14 million  , or   16%  ,   decline   in the ALLL of the home equity portfolio. The   decline   was driven by a reduction in delinquent and nonaccrual loans.  
                
    $7 million  , or   14%  ,   decline   in the ALLL of the automobile portfolio. The   decline   was driven by a transfer of loans to loans held-for-sale.  
     The ACL to total loans ratio of   1.06%   at   September 30, 2016  ,   declined   compared to 1.33% at   December 31, 2015  . The reduction in the ratio can be attributed directly to the acquisition of the FirstMerit loan portfolio.  Management believes the ratio is appropriate given the risk profile of our loan portfolio. We continue to focus on early identification of loans with changes in credit metrics and proactive action plans for these loans.  Given the combination of these noted positive and negative factors, we believe that our ACL is appropriate and its coverage level is reflective of the quality of our portfolio and the current operating environment. 
  NCOs 
  Any loan in any portfolio may be charged-off prior to the policies described below if a loss confirming event has occurred. Loss confirming events include, but are not limited to, bankruptcy (unsecured), continued delinquency, foreclosure, or receipt of an asset valuation indicating a collateral deficiency where that asset is the sole source of repayment. Additionally, discharged, collateral dependent non-reaffirmed debt in Chapter 7 bankruptcy filings will result in a charge-off to estimated collateral value, less anticipated selling costs at the time of discharge. 
  C I and CRE loans are either fully or partially charged-off at 90-days past due with the exception of administrative small ticket lease delinquencies. Automobile loans, RV and marine finance loans and other consumer loans are generally charged-off at 120-days past due. First-lien and junior-lien home equity loans are charged-off to the estimated fair value of the collateral, less anticipated selling costs, at 150-days past due and 120-days past due, respectively. Residential mortgages are charged-off to the estimated fair value of the collateral, less anticipated selling costs, at 150-days past due. 
  All first-lien mortgage loans greater than 150-days past due are charged-down to the estimated value of the collateral, less anticipated selling costs. The remaining balance is in delinquent status until a modification can be completed, or the loan goes through the foreclosure process. For second-lien home equity loans, defaults typically represent full charge-offs, as there is no remaining equity. 

37 

     Table of Contents  

38 

     Table of Contents  

(1) Amounts presented above exclude $19.6 million in the 2016 third quarter and $5.1 million in the 2015 third quarter of write-downs of loans transferred to loans held for sale. 
  (2)   Represents loans from FirstMerit acquisition. 
  In assessing NCO trends, it is helpful to understand the process of how commercial loans are treated as they deteriorate over time. The ALLL established is consistent with the level of risk associated with the original underwriting. As a part of our normal portfolio management process for commercial loans, the loan is periodically reviewed and the ALLL is increased or decreased based on the updated risk rating. In certain cases, the standard ALLL is determined to not be appropriate, and a specific reserve is established based on the projected cash flow or collateral value of the specific loan. Charge-offs, if necessary, are generally recognized in a period after the specific ALLL was established. If the previously established ALLL exceeds that necessary to satisfactorily resolve the problem loan, a reduction in the overall level of the ALLL could be recognized. Consumer loans are treated in much the same manner as commercial loans, with increasing reserve factors applied based on the risk characteristics of the loan, although specific reserves are not identified for consumer loans. In summary, if loan quality deteriorates, the typical credit sequence would be periods of reserve building, followed by periods of higher NCOs as the previously established ALLL is utilized. Additionally, an increase in the ALLL either precedes or is in conjunction with increases in NALs. When a loan is classified as NAL, it is evaluated for specific ALLL or charge-off. As a result, an increase in NALs does not necessarily result in an increase in the ALLL or an expectation of higher future NCOs. 
  2016 Third Quarter   versus   2016 Second Quarter    
  NCOs were an annualized   0.26%   of average loans and leases in the current quarter, an increase from   0.13%   in the   2016 second quarter  , but still below our long-term expectation of 0.35% - 0.55%.  Commercial charge-offs were positively impacted by continued recoveries in the CRE portfolio and broader continued successful workout strategies, while consumer charge-offs remain within our expected range with a seasonal increase when compared to the prior period.  Given the low level of C I and CRE NCO s, we expect some volatility on a quarter-to-quarter comparison basis.   
    
  The table below reflects NCO detail for the   nine-month   periods ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  : 

39 

     Table of Contents  

40 

     Table of Contents  

(1) Amounts presented above exclude $20 million in the 2016 year-to-date period and $5 million in the 2015 year-to-date period of write-downs of loans transferred to loans held for sale. 
  (2)   Represents loans from FirstMerit acquisition. 
  2016 First Nine Months   versus   2015 First Nine Months    
  NCOs decreased   $1 million   in the first   nine-month   period of   2016   to   $65 million  . Given the low level of C I and CRE NCO s, there will continue to be some volatility on a period-to-period comparison basis. 

Market Risk 
  Market risk refers to potential losses arising from changes in interest rates, foreign exchange rates, equity prices and commodity prices, including the correlation among these factors and their volatility. When the value of an instrument is tied to such external factors, the holder faces market risk.  We are primarily exposed to interest rate risk as a result of offering a wide array of financial products to our customers and secondarily to price risk from trading securities, securities owned by our broker-dealer subsidiary, foreign exchange positions, equity investments, and investments in securities backed by mortgage loans.   
  Interest Rate Risk 
  OVERVIEW 
  We actively manage interest rate risk, as changes in market interest rates can have a significant impact on reported earnings. Changes in market interest rates may result in changes in the fair market value of our financial instruments, cash flows, and net interest income. We seek to achieve consistent growth in net interest income and capital while managing volatility arising from shifts in market interest rates.  ALCO oversees market risk management, establishing risk measures, limits, and policy guidelines for managing the amount of interest rate risk and its effect on net interest income and capital. According to these policies, responsibility for measuring and the management of interest rate risk resides in the corporate treasury group. 
  Interest rate risk on our balance sheet consists of reprice, option, and basis risks. Reprice risk results from differences in the maturity, or repricing, of asset and liability portfolios. Option risk arises from embedded options present in the investment portfolio and in many financial instruments such as loan prepayment options, deposit early withdrawal options, and interest rate options. These options allow customers opportunities to benefit when market interest rates change, which typically results in higher costs or lower revenue for us. Basis risk refers to the potential for changes in the underlying relationship between market rates or indices, which subsequently result in a narrowing of profit spread on an earning asset or liability. Basis risk is also present in administered rate liabilities, such as interest-bearing checking accounts, savings accounts, and money market accounts where historical pricing relationships to market rates may change due to the level or directional change in market interest rates. The interest rate risk position is measured and monitored using risk management tools, including earnings simulation modeling and EVE sensitivity analysis, which capture both short-term and long-term interest rate risk exposures. Combining the results from these separate risk measurement processes allows a reasonably comprehensive view of our short-term and long-term interest rate risk. 
  
   41 

     Table of Contents  

Interest rate risk measurement is calculated and reported to the ALCO monthly and ROC at least quarterly. The information reported includes period-end results and identifies any policy limits exceeded, along with an assessment of the policy limit breach and the action plan and timeline for resolution, mitigation, or assumption of the risk. 
  We use two approaches to model interest rate risk: Net interest income at risk (NII at risk) and EVE.   
  NII at risk uses net interest income simulation analysis which involves forecasting net interest earnings under a variety of scenarios including changes in the level of interest rates, the shape of the yield curve, and spreads between market interest rates. The sensitivity of net interest income to changes in interest rates is measured using numerous interest rate scenarios including shocks, gradual ramps, curve flattening, curve steepening as well as forecasts of likely interest rates scenarios. Modeling the sensitivity of net interest earnings to changes in market interest rates is highly dependent on numerous assumptions incorporated into the modeling process. To the extent that actual performance is different than what was assumed, actual net interest earnings sensitivity may be different than projected. The assumptions used in the models are our best estimates based on studies conducted by the treasury department. The treasury department uses a data warehouse to study interest rate risk at a transactional level and uses various ad-hoc reports to refine assumptions continuously. Assumptions and methodologies regarding administered rate liabilities (e.g., savings, money market and interest-bearing checking accounts), balance trends, and repricing relationships reflect our best estimate of expected behavior and these assumptions are reviewed regularly.  
  We also have longer-term interest rate risk exposure, which may not be appropriately measured by earnings sensitivity analysis. ALCO uses economic value of equity at risk modeling, or EVE, sensitivity analysis to study the impact of long-term cash flows on earnings and capital. EVE involves discounting present values of all cash flows of on-balance sheet and off-balance sheet items under different interest rate scenarios. The discounted present value of all cash flows represents our EVE. The analysis requires modifying the expected cash flows in each interest rate scenario, which will impact the discounted present value. The amount of base-case measurement and its sensitivity to shifts in the yield curve allow us to measure longer-term repricing and option risk in the balance sheet.   

The NII at Risk results included in the table above reflect the analysis used monthly by management. It models gradual -25, +100 and +200 basis point parallel shifts in market interest rates, implied by the forward yield curve over the next twelve months. Due to the current low level of short-term interest rates, the analysis reflects a declining interest rate scenario of 25 basis points, the point at which many assets and liabilities reach zero percent. 
  Our NII at Risk is within board of director's policy limits for the +100 and +200 basis point scenarios. There is no policy limit for the -25 basis point scenario. The NII at Risk reported shows that our earnings are more asset sensitive at September 30, 2016 than at December 31, 2015, as a result of the $4.2 billion notional value reduction in asset receive-fixed cash flow swaps, the introduction of new non-maturity deposit models in the 2016 first quarter, and the FirstMerit acquisition in the third quarter.   
  As of   September 30, 2016  , we had $12.0 billion of notional value in receive-fixed cash flow swaps, which we use for asset and liability management purposes.  At   September 30, 2016  , the following table shows the expected maturity for asset and liability receive-fixed cash flow swaps: 
  
   42 

     Table of Contents  

The EVE results included in the table above reflect the analysis used monthly by management. It models immediate -25, +100 and +200 basis point parallel shifts in market interest rates. Due to the current low level of short-term interest rates, the analysis reflects a declining interest rate scenario of 25 basis points, the point at which many assets and liabilities reach zero percent. 
  We are within board of director's policy limits for the +100 and +200 basis point scenarios. There is no policy limit for the -25 basis point scenario. The EVE reported at September 30, 2016 shows that the economic value of equity position is more asset sensitive compared with December 31, 2015 primarily due to the decline in spot and forward interest rates over the period, which results in a modeled increase in prepayments for mortgage-related assets.  EVE asset sensitivity was also driven to a lesser extent by the introduction of new non-maturity deposit models in the 2016 first quarter and adjustments to modeled prepayment for non-mortgage related securities, as well as the FirstMerit acquisition.   
   
  MSRs 
  (This section should be read in conjunction with Note   7   of Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements.) 
  MSRs recorded using the amortization method with a fair value of $  15 million   were acquired by Huntington as part of the FirstMerit acquisition.  At   September 30, 2016  , we had a total of   $157 million   of capitalized MSRs representing the right to service   $18.6 billion   in mortgage loans. Of this   $157 million  ,   $12 million   was recorded using the fair value method and   $144 million   was recorded using the amortization method.  
  MSR fair values are sensitive to movements in interest rates as expected future net servicing income depends on the projected outstanding principal balances of the underlying loans, which can be reduced by prepayments. Prepayments usually increase when mortgage interest rates decline and decrease when mortgage interest rates rise. We have employed hedging strategies to reduce the risk of MSR fair value changes or impairment. However, volatile changes in interest rates can diminish the effectiveness of these economic hedges. We report MSR fair value adjustments net of hedge-related trading activity in the mortgage banking income category of noninterest income. Changes in fair value between reporting dates are recorded as an increase or a decrease in mortgage banking income.   
  MSRs recorded using the amortization method generally relate to loans originated with historically low interest rates, resulting in a lower probability of prepayments and, ultimately, impairment. MSR assets are included in servicing rights in the Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements.   
  Price Risk 
  Price risk represents the risk of loss arising from adverse movements in the prices of financial instruments that are carried at fair value and are subject to fair value accounting. We have price risk from trading securities, securities owned by our broker-dealer subsidiary, foreign exchange positions, equity investments, and investments in securities backed by mortgage loans. We  
  
   43 

     Table of Contents  

have established loss limits on the trading portfolio, on the amount of foreign exchange exposure that can be maintained, and on the amount of marketable equity securities that can be held.   
   
  Liquidity Risk 
  Liquidity risk is the possibility of us being unable to meet current and future financial obligations in a timely manner. Liquidity is managed to ensure stable, reliable, and cost-effective sources of funds to satisfy demand for credit, deposit withdrawals and investment opportunities.  We consider core earnings, strong capital ratios, and credit quality essential for maintaining high credit ratings, which allows us cost-effective access to market-based liquidity. We rely on a large, stable core deposit base and a diversified base of wholesale funding sources to manage liquidity risk. The ALCO is appointed by the ROC to oversee liquidity risk management and the establishment of liquidity risk policies and limits. The treasury department is responsible for identifying, measuring, and monitoring our liquidity profile. The position is evaluated daily, weekly, and monthly by analyzing the composition of all funding sources, reviewing projected liquidity commitments by future months, and identifying sources and uses of funds. The overall management of our liquidity position is also integrated into retail and commercial pricing policies to ensure a stable core deposit base. Liquidity risk is reviewed and managed continuously for the Bank and the parent company, as well as its subsidiaries. In addition, liquidity working groups meet regularly to identify and monitor liquidity positions, provide policy guidance, review funding strategies, and oversee the adherence to, and maintenance of, the contingency funding plans.   
  Our primary source of liquidity is our core deposit base. Core deposits comprised approximately   94%   of total deposits at September 30, 2016.  We also have available unused wholesale sources of liquidity, including advances from the FHLB of Cincinnati, issuance through dealers in the capital markets, and access to certificates of deposit issued through brokers. Liquidity is further provided by unencumbered, or unpledged, investment securities that totaled   $11.3 billion   as of September 30, 2016. The treasury department also prepares a contingency funding plan that details the potential erosion of funds in the event of a systemic financial market crisis or institutional-specific stress. An example of an institution specific event would be a downgrade in our public credit rating by a rating agency due to factors such as deterioration in asset quality, a large charge to earnings, a decline in profitability or other financial measures, or a significant merger or acquisition. Examples of systemic events unrelated to us that could have an effect on our access to liquidity would be terrorism or war, natural disasters, political events, or the default or bankruptcy of a major corporation, mutual fund or hedge fund. Similarly, market speculation or rumors about us, or the banking industry in general, may adversely affect the cost and availability of normal funding sources. The liquidity contingency plan therefore outlines the process for addressing a liquidity crisis. The plan provides for an evaluation of funding sources under various market conditions. It also assigns specific roles and responsibilities for effectively managing liquidity through a problem period.  Please see the Liquidity Risk section in Item 1A of our 2015 Form 10-K for more details. 
  Investment Securities Portfolio 
  The expected weighted average maturities of our AFS and HTM portfolios are significantly shorter than their contractual maturities as reflected in Note   5   and Note   6   of the Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. Particularly regarding the MBS and ABS, prepayments of principal and interest that historically occur in advance of scheduled maturities will shorten the expected life of these portfolios. The expected weighted average maturities, which take into account expected prepayments of principal and interest under existing interest rate conditions, are shown in the following table: 

(1) 
    A portion of the securities with an average life of 5 years to 10 years, are variable rate; resulting in an average duration of   4.38   years.  

44 

     Table of Contents  

Bank Liquidity and Sources of Funding 
  Our primary sources of funding for the Bank are retail and commercial core deposits. At   September 30, 2016  , these core deposits funded   72%   of total assets (  110%   of total loans). Other sources of liquidity include non-core deposits, FHLB advances, wholesale debt instruments, and securitizations.  Demand deposit overdrafts that have been reclassified as loan balances were   $38 million   and   $16 million   at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively. 
  The following tables reflect deposit composition and short-term borrowings detail for each of the last five quarters: 

45 

     Table of Contents  

The Bank maintains borrowing capacity at the FHLB and the Federal Reserve Bank Discount Window. The Bank does not consider borrowing capacity from the Federal Reserve Bank Discount Window as a primary source of liquidity. Total loans and securities pledged to the Federal Reserve Discount Window and the FHLB are   $19.2 billion   and   $17.5 billion   at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively. 
  For further information related to debt issuances, please see Note   9   of Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
  At   September 30, 2016  , total wholesale funding was   $13.2 billion  ,   an increase   from   $10.9 billion   at   December 31, 2015  . The increase from prior year-end primarily relates to an increase in short-term borrowings and brokered time deposits and negotiable CDs.  
  Liquidity Coverage Ratio 
  On September 3, 2014, the U.S. banking regulators adopted a final LCR for internationally active banking organizations, generally those with $250 billion or more in total assets, and a Modified LCR rule for banking organizations, similar to Huntington, with $50 billion or more in total assets that are not internationally active banking organizations.  The LCR is designed to promote the short-term resilience of the liquidity risk profile of banks to which it applies.  The Modified LCR requires Huntington to maintain HQLA to meet its net cash outflows over a prospective 30 calendar-day period, which takes into account the potential impact of idiosyncratic and market-wide shocks. The Modified LCR transition period began on January 1, 2016, with Huntington required to maintain HQLA equal to 90 percent of the stated requirement. The ratio increases to 100 percent on January 1, 2017. Huntington expects to be compliant with the Modified LCR requirement within the transition periods established in the Modified LCR rule. 
  At   September 30, 2016  , we believe the Bank had sufficient liquidity to meet its cash flow obligations for the foreseeable future. 
  Parent Company Liquidity 
  The parent company s funding requirements consist primarily of dividends to shareholders, debt service, income taxes, operating expenses, funding of nonbank subsidiaries, repurchases of our stock, and acquisitions. The parent company obtains funding to meet obligations from dividends and interest received from the Bank, interest and dividends received from direct subsidiaries, net taxes collected from subsidiaries included in the federal consolidated tax return, fees for services provided to subsidiaries, and the issuance of debt securities. 
  At   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , the parent company had   $2.1 billion   and   $0.9 billion  , respectively, in cash and cash equivalents.  The increase primarily relates to 2016 issuances of long-term debt and preferred stock. 
  On   October 19, 2016  , the board of directors declared a quarterly common stock cash dividend of   $0.08   per common share. The dividend is payable on   January 2, 2017  , to shareholders of record on   December 20, 2016  . Based on the current quarterly dividend of   $0.08   per common share, cash demands required for common stock dividends are estimated to be approximately   $87 million   per quarter. On   October 19, 2016  , the board of directors declared a quarterly Series A, Series B, Series C, and Series D Preferred Stock dividend payable on   January 16, 2017   to shareholders of record on   January 1, 2017  .   
  
   46 

     Table of Contents  

Based on the current dividend, cash demands required for Series A Preferred Stock are estimated to be approximately   $8 million   per quarter. Cash demands required for Series B Preferred Stock are expected to be approximately   $300 thousand   per quarter.  Cash demands required for Series C Preferred Stock are expected to be approximately   $1.5 million   per quarter. Cash demands required for Series D Preferred Stock are expected to be approximately   $9 million   per quarter. 
  During the   third   quarter, the Bank returned capital totaling   $175 million   to the holding company. The Bank declared a return of capital to the holding company of   $113 million   payable in the   2016     fourth   quarter. To help meet any additional liquidity needs, the parent company may issue debt or equity securities from time to time. In April 2016, the Bank issued $490 million of preferred stock to the holding company.  In the 2016 third and fourth quarter, the Bank declared and paid a preferred dividend of $7 million to the holding company.  
  Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
  In the normal course of business, we enter into various off-balance sheet arrangements. These arrangements include commitments to extend credit, interest rate swaps, financial guarantees contained in standby letters-of-credit issued by the Bank, and commitments by the Bank to sell mortgage loans. 
  COMMITMENTS TO EXTEND CREDIT 
  Commitments to extend credit generally have fixed expiration dates, are variable-rate, and contain clauses that permit Huntington to terminate or otherwise renegotiate the contracts in the event of a significant deterioration in the customer s credit quality. These arrangements normally require the payment of a fee by the customer, the pricing of which is based on prevailing market conditions, credit quality, probability of funding, and other relevant factors. Since many of these commitments are expected to expire without being drawn upon, the contract amounts are not necessarily indicative of future cash requirements. The interest rate risk arising from these financial instruments is insignificant as a result of their predominantly short-term, variable-rate nature. See Note   18   for more information. 
    
  INTEREST RATE SWAPS 
  Balance sheet hedging activity is arranged to receive hedge accounting treatment and is classified as either fair value or cash flow hedges. Fair value hedges are purchased to convert deposits and long-term debt from fixed-rate obligations to floating rate. Cash flow hedges are also used to convert floating rate loans made to customers into fixed rate loans. See Note   16   for more information. 
  STANDBY LETTERS-OF-CREDIT 
  Standby letters-of-credit are conditional commitments issued to guarantee the performance of a customer to a third party. These guarantees are primarily issued to support public and private borrowing arrangements, including commercial paper, bond financing, and similar transactions. Most of these arrangements mature within two years and are expected to expire without being drawn upon. Standby letters-of-credit are included in the determination of the amount of risk-based capital that the parent company and the Bank are required to hold. Through our credit process, we monitor the credit risks of outstanding standby letters-of-credit. When it is probable that a standby letter-of-credit will be drawn and not repaid in full, a loss is recognized in the provision for credit losses. See Note   18   for more information. 
  COMMITMENTS TO SELL LOANS 
  Activity related to our mortgage origination activity supports the hedging of the mortgage pricing commitments to customers and the secondary sale to third parties. In addition, we have commitments to sell residential real estate loans. These contracts mature in less than one year. See Note   18   for more information. 
  We believe that off-balance sheet arrangements are properly considered in our liquidity risk management process. 
   
  Operational Risk 
  Operational risk is the risk of loss due to human error; inadequate or failed internal systems and controls, including the use of financial or other quantitative methodologies that may not adequately predict future results; violations of, or noncompliance with, laws, rules, regulations, prescribed practices, or ethical standards; and external influences such as market conditions, fraudulent activities, disasters, and security risks. We continuously strive to strengthen our system of internal controls to ensure compliance with laws, rules, and regulations, and to improve the oversight of our operational risk. We actively and continuously monitor cyber-attacks such as attempts related to online deception and loss of sensitive customer data. We evaluate internal systems, processes and controls to mitigate loss from cyber-attacks and, to date, have not experienced any material losses. 
  
   47 

     Table of Contents  

Our objective for managing cyber security risk is to avoid or minimize the impacts of external threat events or other efforts to penetrate our systems. We work to achieve this objective by hardening networks and systems against attack, and by diligently managing visibility and monitoring controls within our data and communications environment to recognize events and respond before the attacker has the opportunity to execute a cyber attack. To this end we employ a set of defense in-depth strategies, which include efforts to make us less attractive as a target and less vulnerable to threats, while investing in threat analytic capabilities for rapid detection and response. Potential concerns related to cyber security may be escalated to our board-level Technology Committee, as appropriate. As a complement to the overall cyber security risk management, we use a number of internal training methods, both formally through mandatory courses and informally through written communications and other updates. Internal policies and procedures have been implemented to encourage the reporting of potential phishing attacks or other security risks. We also use third party services to test the effectiveness of our cyber security risk management framework, and any such third parties are required to comply with our policies regarding information security and confidentiality. 
  To mitigate operational risks, we have a senior management Operational Risk Committee and a senior management Legal, Regulatory, and Compliance Committee. The responsibilities of these committees, among other duties, include establishing and maintaining management information systems to monitor material risks and to identify potential concerns, risks, or trends that may have a significant impact and ensuring that recommendations are developed to address the identified issues. In addition, we have a senior management Model Risk Oversight Committee that is responsible for policies and procedures describing how model risk is evaluated and managed and the application of the governance process to implement these practices throughout the enterprise. These committees report any significant findings and recommendations to the Risk Management Committee. Potential concerns may be escalated to our ROC, as appropriate. 
  The FirstMerit integration is inherently large and complex. Our objective for managing execution risk is to minimize impacts to daily operations. We have an established Integration Management Office led by senior management. Responsibilities include central management, reporting, and escalation of key integration deliverables. In addition, a board level Integration Governance Committee has been established to assist in the oversight of the integration of people, systems, and processes of FirstMerit with Huntington.   
    
  The goal of this framework is to implement effective operational risk techniques and strategies, minimize operational, fraud, and legal losses, minimize the impact of inadequately designed models and enhance our overall performance. 

Compliance Risk 
  Financial institutions are subject to many laws, rules, and regulations at both the federal and state levels.  These broad-based laws, rules, and regulations include, but are not limited to, expectations relating to anti-money laundering, lending limits, client privacy, fair lending, prohibitions against unfair, deceptive or abusive acts or practices, protections for military members as they enter active duty, and community reinvestment. Additionally, the volume and complexity of recent regulatory changes have increased our overall compliance risk. As such, we utilize various resources to help ensure expectations are met, including a team of compliance experts dedicated to ensuring our conformance with all applicable laws, rules, and regulations. Our colleagues receive training for several broad-based laws and regulations including, but not limited to, anti-money laundering and customer privacy. Additionally, colleagues engaged in lending activities receive training for laws and regulations related to flood disaster protection, equal credit opportunity, fair lending, and/or other courses related to the extension of credit. We set a high standard of expectation for adherence to compliance management and seek to continuously enhance our performance. 
   
  Capital 
  Both regulatory capital and shareholders  equity are managed at the Bank and on a consolidated basis. We have an active program for managing capital and maintain a comprehensive process for assessing the Company s overall capital adequacy. We believe our current levels of both regulatory capital and shareholders  equity are adequate. 
  Regulatory Capital 
  We are subject to the Basel III capital requirements including the standardized approach for calculating risk-weighted assets in accordance with subpart D of the final capital rule. The following table presents risk-weighted assets and other financial data necessary to calculate certain financial ratios, including the CET1 ratio on a transitional Basel III basis, which we use to measure capital adequacy (See Non-GAAP Financial Measures).  

48 

     Table of Contents  

49 

     Table of Contents  

50 

     Table of Contents  

The following table presents certain regulatory capital data at both the consolidated and Bank levels for each of the past five quarters: 

At   September 30, 2016  , we maintained Basel III transitional capital ratios in excess of the well-capitalized standards established by the FRB.  
  Shareholders  Equity 
  We generate shareholders  equity primarily through the retention of earnings, net of dividends and share repurchases. Other potential sources of shareholders  equity include issuances of common and preferred stock. Our objective is to maintain capital at an amount commensurate with our risk profile and risk tolerance objectives, to meet both regulatory and market expectations, and to provide the flexibility needed for future growth and business opportunities.  
  Shareholders  equity totaled   $10.4 billion   at   September 30, 2016  , an   increase   of   $3.8 billion   when compared with   December 31, 2015  .  In connection with the FirstMerit merger, during the 2016 third quarter, we issued   $2.8 billion   of common stock and   $0.1 billion   of preferred stock.  During the 2016 first and second quarter, we issued   $400 million   and   $200 million   of preferred stock, respectively.  Costs of   $15 million   related to the issuances are reported as a direct deduction from the face amount of the stock.   
  On June 29, 2016, we announced that the Federal Reserve did not object to our proposed capital actions included in our capital plan submitted to the Federal Reserve in April 2016 as part of the 2016 Comprehensive Capital Analysis and Review ( CCAR ). These actions included a 14% increase in the quarterly dividend per common share to $0.08, starting in the fourth quarter of 2016. Our capital plan also included the issuance of capital in connection with the acquisition of FirstMerit Corporation and continues the previously announced suspension of our share repurchase program. 
  
   51 

     Table of Contents  

Dividends 
  We consider disciplined capital management as a key objective, with dividends representing one component. Our strong capital ratios and expectations for continued earnings growth positions us to continue to actively explore additional capital management opportunities. 
  On   October 19, 2016  , our board of directors declared a quarterly cash dividend of   $0.08   per common share, payable on   January 2, 2017  . Also, cash dividends of $0.07 per share were declared on   July 20, 2016  ,   April 21, 2016   and   January 20, 2016  . 
  On   October 19, 2016  , our board of directors also declared a quarterly cash dividend on our 8.50% Series A Non-Cumulative Perpetual Convertible Preferred Stock of $21.25 per share. The dividend is payable on   January 16, 2017  . Also, cash dividends of $21.25 per share were declared on   July 20, 2016  ,   April 21, 2016   and   January 20, 2016  . 
    
  On   October 19, 2016  , our board of directors also declared a quarterly cash dividend on our Floating Rate Series B Non-Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock of   $8.95   per share. The dividend is payable on   January 16, 2017  . Also, cash dividends of $8.45 per share, $8.32 per share and $8.31 per share were declared on   July 20, 2016  ,   April 21, 2016   and   January 20, 2016  , respectively.   
    
  On   October 19, 2016  , our board of directors also declared a quarterly cash dividend on our Series C Non-Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock of   $14.69   per share. The dividend is payable on   January 16, 2017  .  Also, a cash dividend of $11.59 per share was declared on September 15, 2016.   
  On   October 19, 2016  , our board of directors also declared a quarterly cash dividend on our 6.25% Series D Non-Cumulative Perpetual Convertible Preferred Stock of   $15.63   per share. The dividend is payable on   January 16, 2017  .  Also, cash dividends of $15.63 and $19.79 per share were declared on   July 20, 2016   and   April 21, 2016  . 
  Share Repurchases 
  From time to time the board of directors authorizes the Company to repurchase shares of our common stock. Although we announce when the board of directors authorizes share repurchases, we typically do not give any public notice before we repurchase our shares. Future stock repurchases may be private or open-market repurchases, including block transactions, accelerated or delayed block transactions, forward transactions, and similar transactions. Various factors determine the amount and timing of our share repurchases, including our capital requirements, the number of shares we expect to issue for employee benefit plans and acquisitions, market conditions (including the trading price of our stock), and regulatory and legal considerations.  Our capital plan continues the previously announced suspension of our share repurchase program.   
   
  Fair Value 
  Fair Value Measurements 
  The fair value of a financial instrument is defined as the amount at which the instrument could be exchanged in a current transaction between willing parties, other than in a forced or liquidation sale. Assets and liabilities carried at fair value inherently result in a higher degree of financial statement volatility. We estimate the fair value of a financial instrument using a variety of valuation methods. Where financial instruments are actively traded and have quoted market prices, quoted market prices are used for fair value. We characterize active markets as those where transaction volumes are sufficient to provide objective pricing information, with reasonably narrow bid/ask spreads, and where received quoted prices do not vary widely. When the financial instruments are not actively traded, other observable market inputs, such as quoted prices of securities with similar characteristics, may be used, if available, to determine fair value. Inactive markets are characterized by low transaction volumes, price quotations that vary substantially among market participants, or in which minimal information is released publicly. When observable market prices do not exist, we estimate fair value primarily by using cash flow and other financial modeling methods. Our valuation methods consider factors such as liquidity and concentration concerns and, for the derivatives portfolio, counterparty credit risk. Other factors such as model assumptions, market dislocations, and unexpected correlations can affect estimates of fair value. Changes in these underlying factors, assumptions, or estimates in any of these areas could materially impact the amount of revenue or loss recorded. 
  The FASB ASC Topic 820, Fair Value Measurements, establishes a framework for measuring the fair value of financial instruments that considers the attributes specific to particular assets or liabilities and establishes a three-level hierarchy for determining fair value based on the transparency of inputs to each valuation as of the fair value measurement date. The three levels are defined as follows: 
             
    Level 1   quoted prices (unadjusted) for identical assets or liabilities in active markets. 
     
   52 

     Table of Contents  

Level 2   inputs include quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets, quoted prices of identical or similar assets or liabilities in markets that are not active, and inputs that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly or indirectly, for substantially the full term of the financial instrument. 
                
    Level 3   inputs that are unobservable and significant to the fair value measurement. Financial instruments are considered Level 3 when values are determined using pricing models, discounted cash flow methodologies, or similar techniques, and at least one significant model assumption or input is unobservable. 
     At the end of each quarter, we assess the valuation hierarchy for each asset or liability measured. As necessary, assets or liabilities may be transferred within hierarchy levels due to changes in availability of observable market inputs at the measurement date. The fair values measured at each level of the fair value hierarchy, additional discussion regarding fair value measurements, and a brief description of how fair value is determined for categories that have unobservable inputs, can be found in Note   15   of the Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
   
  BUSINESS SEGMENT DISCUSSION 
  Overview 
  Our business segments are based on our internally-aligned segment leadership structure, which is how we monitor results and assess performance. We have five major business segments: Retail and Business Banking, Commercial Banking, Automobile Finance and Commercial Real Estate (AFCRE), Regional Banking and The Huntington Private Client Group (RBHPCG), and Home Lending. A Treasury / Other function includes technology and operations, other unallocated assets, liabilities, revenue, and expense. 
  Business segment results are determined based upon our management reporting system, which assigns balance sheet and income statement items to each of the business segments. The process is designed around our organizational and management structure and, accordingly, the results derived are not necessarily comparable with similar information published by other financial institutions. 
  On August 16, 2016, we completed our acquisition of FirstMerit Corporation and segment results were impacted by the mid-quarter acquisition.   
  Revenue Sharing 
  Revenue is recorded in the business segment responsible for the related product or service. Fee sharing is recorded to allocate portions of such revenue to other business segments involved in selling to, or providing service to, customers. Results of operations for the business segments reflect these fee sharing allocations. 
  Expense Allocation 
  The management accounting process that develops the business segment reporting utilizes various estimates and allocation methodologies to measure the performance of the business segments. Expenses are allocated to business segments using a two-phase approach. The first phase consists of measuring and assigning unit costs (activity-based costs) to activities related to product origination and servicing. These activity-based costs are then extended, based on volumes, with the resulting amount allocated to business segments that own the related products. The second phase consists of the allocation of overhead costs to all five business segments from Treasury / Other. We utilize a full-allocation methodology, where all Treasury / Other expenses, except reported Significant Items, and a small amount of other residual unallocated expenses, are allocated to the five business segments. 
  Funds Transfer Pricing (FTP) 
  We use an active and centralized FTP methodology to attribute appropriate income to the business segments. The intent of the FTP methodology is to transfer interest rate risk from the business segments by providing matched duration funding of assets and liabilities. The result is to centralize the financial impact, management, and reporting of interest rate risk in the Treasury / Other function where it can be centrally monitored and managed. The Treasury / Other function charges (credits) an internal cost of funds for assets held in (or pays for funding provided by) each business segment. The FTP rate is based on prevailing market interest rates for comparable duration assets (or liabilities). 
  
   53 

     Table of Contents  

Net Income by Business Segment 
  The segregation of net income by business segment for the   nine-month   periods ending   September 30, 2016   and   September 30, 2015   is presented in the following table: 

Treasury / Other 
  The Treasury / Other function includes revenue and expense related to assets, liabilities, and equity not directly assigned or allocated to one of the five business segments. Other assets include investment securities and bank owned life insurance. The financial impact associated with our FTP methodology, as described above, is also included. 
  Net interest income includes the impact of administering our investment securities portfolios and the net impact of derivatives used to hedge interest rate sensitivity. Noninterest income includes miscellaneous fee income not allocated to other business segments, such as bank owned life insurance income and any investment security and trading asset gains or losses. Noninterest expense includes $185.9 million of FirstMerit acquisition-related expense in the current period, certain corporate administrative, and other miscellaneous expenses not allocated to other business segments. The provision for income taxes for the business segments is calculated at a statutory 35% tax rate, though our overall effective tax rate is lower. As a result, Treasury / Other reflects a credit for income taxes representing the difference between the lower actual effective tax rate and the statutory tax rate used to allocate income taxes to the business segments. 

2016 First Nine Months   vs.   2015 First Nine Months    
  Retail and Business Banking reported net income of   $222 million   in the first   nine-month   period of   2016  . This was an     increase of   $39 million  , or   22%  , compared to the year-ago period.  Results were impacted by the mid-quarter FirstMerit  
  
   54 

     Table of Contents  

acquisition. Segment net interest income increased   $107 million  , or   14%  , primarily due to an increase in total average loans and deposits. The provision for credit losses increased   $21 million  , or   92%  , primarily as a result of loan growth.  Noninterest income increased   $43 million  , or   12%  , due to an increase in card and payment processing income and service charges on deposit accounts, which were driven by higher debit card-related transaction volumes and an increase in the number of households. In addition, improved mortgage banking income and SBA sales gains contributed to the increase. Noninterest expense increased   $69 million  , or   8%  , due to an increase in personnel expense related to the in-store branch expansion, addition of FirstMerit colleagues, and allocated noninterest expense. 

2016 First Nine Months   vs.   2015 First Nine Months    
  Commercial Banking reported net income of   $129 million   in the first   nine-month   period of   2016  . This was a decrease of   $32 million  , or   20%  , compared to the year-ago period.  Results were impacted by the mid-quarter FirstMerit acquisition.  Segment net interest income increased   $62 million  , or   22%  , primarily due to higher earning asset yields related to the Huntington Technology Finance acquisition late in the 2015 first quarter, an increase in average loans/leases, recoveries from previously charged-off loans, and the increase in direct purchase municipal instruments.  The provision for credit losses increased   $40 million  , or   311%  , as a result of updated assumptions made to the ACL estimation process beginning in the 2015 fourth quarter, additional reserves for the energy sector portfolio, and an increase in NCOs. Noninterest income increased   $1 million  , or less than one percent, primarily due to an increase in treasury management related revenue and the late 2015 first quarter acquisition of Huntington Technology Finance, partially offset by mezzanine fees no longer being shared by the Commercial Banking segment, as well as a decline in insurance fees.  Noninterest expense increased   $72 million  , or   34%  , primarily due to an increase in allocated noninterest expense, as well as an increase in personnel expense and operating lease expense.   
  
   55 

     Table of Contents  

2016 First Nine Months   vs.   2015 First Nine Months 
    
  AFCRE reported net income of   $128 million   in the first   nine-month   period of   2016  . This was an increase of   $11 million  , or   9%  , compared to the year-ago period.  Results were impacted by the mid-quarter FirstMerit acquisition.  Segment net interest income increased   $32 million   or   11%  , as the benefit from higher loan balances were offset by a 12 basis point decline in the net interest margin.  The provision for credit losses increased by   $4 million   or   27%  , primarily due to an increase in loan balances and a decline in recoveries of prior period charge-offs.  In addition, there was an incremental provision for credit losses associated with the transfer of $1.5 billion of automobile loans to loans held-for-sale late in the 2016 third quarter.  Noninterest income increased   $4 million  , or   17%  , primarily due to a $9 million increase in fee sharing revenue and a $2 million increase in realized and unrealized gains associated with community development equity investments. These increases were partially offset by the year ago $5 million gain on sale of loans from the automobile loan securitization.  Noninterest expense increased   $15 million  , or   13%  , primarily due to an increase in personnel costs and other allocated costs attributed to higher production and portfolio balance levels.   
  
   56 

     Table of Contents  

N.R. Not relevant. 
  eop End of Period. 
           (1) 
    Includes assets associated with FirstMerit.  
     2016 First Nine Months   vs.   2015 First Nine Months    
  RBHPCG reported net income of   $47 million   in the first   nine-month   period of   2016  . This was an increase of   $28 million  , or   147%  , compared to the year-ago period.  Results were impacted by the mid-quarter FirstMerit acquisition.  Net interest income increased   $23 million  , or   22%  , due to a   14%   increase in average total deposits combined with a   7%   increase in average total loans and a 16 basis point increase in net interest margin.  The increase in average total loans was primarily due to growth in portfolio mortgage loans, while the increase in average total deposits was the result of growth in the new Private Client Account interest checking product and growth in commercial deposit account balances. The provision for credit losses decreased   $8 million  , or   98%  , primarily due to net recoveries in the current period.  Noninterest income was unchanged, as increased revenue from the FirstMerit acquisition was offset by the reduction in revenue due to the sale of HASI and HAA at the end of 2015.  Noninterest expense decreased   $13 million  , or   9%  , due to reduced expense resulting from the sale of HASI and HAA, and reduced allocated costs, partially offset by increased expenses resulting from the FirstMerit acquisition.   
  
   57 

     Table of Contents  

N.R. Not relevant. 
  2016 First Nine Months   vs.   2015 First Nine Months    
  Home Lending reported net income of   $16 million   in the first   nine-month   period of   2016   compared to a net loss of   $14 million   in the year-ago period.  Results were impacted by the mid-quarter FirstMerit acquisition.  Net interest income increased   $6 million  , or   16%  , which primarily reflects higher residential mortgage balances and lower FTP costs. The provision (reduction in allowance) for credit losses decreased   $5 million  , due to factors used in the ACL estimation process in the third quarter of 2016.  Noninterest income increased by   $2 million  , or   3%  , primarily due to higher mortgage production partially offset by higher fee sharing to other business segments. Noninterest expense declined   $32 million  , or   28%  , primarily due to lower allocated expenses.   

ADDITIONAL DISCLOSURES 
  Forward-Looking Statements 
  This report, including MD A, contains certain forward-looking statements, including, but not limited to, certain plans, expectations, goals, projections, and statements, which are not historical facts and are subject to numerous assumptions, risks, and uncertainties.  Statements that do not describe historical or current facts, including statements about beliefs and expectations, are forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements may be identified by words such as expect, anticipate, believe, intend, estimate, plan, target, goal, or similar expressions, or future or conditional verbs such as will, may, might, should, would, could, or similar variations. The forward-looking statements are intended to be subject to the safe harbor provided by Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. 
  While there is no assurance that any list of risks and uncertainties or risk factors is complete, below are certain factors which could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained or implied in the forward-looking statements: changes in general economic, political, or industry conditions; uncertainty in U.S. fiscal and monetary policy, including the interest rate policies of the Federal Reserve Board; volatility and disruptions in global capital and credit markets; movements in interest rates; competitive pressures on product pricing and services; success, impact, and timing of our business strategies, including market acceptance of any new products or services implementing our  Fair Play  banking philosophy; the nature, extent, timing, and results of governmental actions, examinations, reviews, reforms, regulations, and interpretations, including those related to the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and the Basel III regulatory capital reforms, as well as those involving the OCC, Federal Reserve, FDIC, and CFPB; the possibility that the anticipated benefits of the merger with FirstMerit Corporation are not realized when expected or at all, including as a result of the impact of, or problems arising from, the integration of the two companies or as a result of the strength of the economy and competitive factors in the areas where we do business; diversion of management s attention from ongoing business operations and opportunities; potential  
  
   58 

     Table of Contents  

adverse reactions or changes to business or employee relationships, including those resulting from the completion of the merger with FirstMerit Corporation; our ability to complete the integration of FirstMerit Corporation successfully; and other factors that may affect our future results. Additional factors that could cause results to differ materially from those described above can be found in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015 and our subsequent Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, including for the quarters ended March 31, 2016 and June 30, 2016, each of which is on file with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the  SEC ) and available in the  Investor Relations  section of our website,   http://www.huntington.com  , under the heading  Publications and Filings  and in other documents we file with the SEC.   
  All forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they are made and are based on information available at that time. We do not assume any obligation to update forward-looking statements to reflect circumstances or events that occur after the date the forward-looking statements were made or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events except as required by federal securities laws. As forward-looking statements involve significant risks and uncertainties, caution should be exercised against placing undue reliance on such statements.   
  Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
  This document contains GAAP financial measures and non-GAAP financial measures where management believes it to be helpful in understanding Huntington s results of operations or financial position.  Where non-GAAP financial measures are used, the comparable GAAP financial measure, as well as the reconciliation to the comparable GAAP financial measure, can be found herein.  
  Significant Items 
  From time-to-time, revenue, expenses, or taxes are impacted by items judged by us to be outside of ordinary banking activities and/or by items that, while they may be associated with ordinary banking activities, are so unusually large that their outsized impact is believed by us at that time to be infrequent or short-term in nature. We refer to such items as Significant Items. Most often, these Significant Items result from factors originating outside the Company; e.g., regulatory actions / assessments, windfall gains, changes in accounting principles, one-time tax assessments / refunds, litigation actions, etc. In other cases, they may result from our decisions associated with significant corporate actions outside of the ordinary course of business; e.g., merger / restructuring charges, recapitalization actions, goodwill impairment, etc. 
  Even though certain revenue and expense items are naturally subject to more volatility than others due to changes in market and economic environment conditions, as a general rule volatility alone does not define a Significant Item. For example, changes in the provision for credit losses, gains / losses from investment activities, asset valuation writedowns, etc., reflect ordinary banking activities and are, therefore, typically excluded from consideration as a Significant Item. 
  We believe the disclosure of Significant Items provides a better understanding of our performance and trends to ascertain which of such items, if any, to include or exclude from an analysis of our performance; i.e., within the context of determining how that performance differed from expectations, as well as how, if at all, to adjust estimates of future performance accordingly. To this end, we adopted a practice of listing Significant Items in our external disclosure documents; e.g., earnings press releases, investor presentations, Forms 10-Q and 10-K. 
  Significant Items for any particular period are not intended to be a complete list of items that may materially impact current or future period performance. 
    
  Fully-Taxable Equivalent Basis 
  Interest income, yields, and ratios on a FTE basis are considered non-GAAP financial measures.  Management believes net interest income on a FTE basis provides an insightful picture of the interest margin for comparison purposes.  The FTE basis also allows management to assess the comparability of revenue arising from both taxable and tax-exempt sources.  The FTE basis assumes a federal statutory tax rate of 35 percent.  We encourage readers to consider the consolidated financial statements and other financial information contained in this Form 10-Q in their entirety, and not to rely on any single financial measure. 
  Non-Regulatory Capital Ratios 
  In addition to capital ratios defined by banking regulators, the Company considers various other measures when evaluating capital utilization and adequacy, including: 
             
    Tangible common equity to tangible assets, and 
                
    Tangible common equity to risk-weighted assets using Basel III definitions. 
     
   59 

     Table of Contents  

These non-regulatory capital ratios are viewed by management as useful additional methods of reflecting the level of capital available to withstand unexpected market conditions. Additionally, presentation of these ratios allows readers to compare the Company s capitalization to other financial services companies. These ratios differ from capital ratios defined by banking regulators principally in that the numerator excludes preferred securities, the nature and extent of which varies among different financial services companies. These ratios are not defined in Generally Accepted Accounting Principles ( GAAP ) or federal banking regulations. As a result, these non-regulatory capital ratios disclosed by the Company are considered non-GAAP financial measures. 
  Because there are no standardized definitions for these non-regulatory capital ratios, the Company s calculation methods may differ from those used by other financial services companies. Also, there may be limits in the usefulness of these measures to investors. As a result, the Company encourages readers to consider the consolidated financial statements and other financial information contained in this Form 10-Q in their entirety, and not to rely on any single financial measure. 
    
  Risk Factors 
  Information on risk is discussed in the Risk Factors section included in Item 1A of our   2015   Form 10-K. Additional information regarding risk factors can also be found in the Risk Management and Capital discussion of this report. 
    
  Updates to Risk Factors 
    
  Changes in accounting policies, standards, and interpretations could materially affect how we report our financial condition and results of operations. 
    
  The FASB, regulatory agencies, and other bodies that establish accounting standards periodically change the financial accounting and reporting standards governing the preparation of our financial statements. Additionally, those bodies that establish and interpret the accounting standards (such as the FASB, SEC, and banking regulators) may change prior interpretations or positions on how these standards should be applied. These changes can be difficult to predict and can materially affect how we record and report our financial condition and results of operations.   
  On June 16, 2016, the FASB issued Accounting Standard Update 2016-13, Financial Instruments - Credit Losses (Topic 326), which introduces new guidance for the accounting for credit losses on instruments within its scope.  The new guidance introduces an expected losses approach for calculating credit reserves on certain types of financial instruments. It also modifies the impairment model for available-for-sale debt securities and provides for a simplified accounting model for purchased financial assets with credit deterioration since their origination. 
  For further discussion, see Note 2 of the Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements.   
  Critical Accounting Policies and Use of Significant Estimates 
  Our financial statements are prepared in accordance with GAAP. The preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires us to establish critical accounting policies and make accounting estimates, assumptions, and judgments that affect amounts recorded and reported in our financial statements. Note   1   of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in our   December 31, 2015   Form 10-K, as supplemented by this report, lists significant accounting policies we use in the development and presentation of our financial statements. This MD A, the significant accounting policies, and other financial statement disclosures identify and address key variables and other qualitative and quantitative factors necessary for an understanding and evaluation of our company, financial position, results of operations, and cash flows. 
  An accounting estimate requires assumptions about uncertain matters that could have a material effect on the financial statements if a different amount within a range of estimates were used or if estimates changed from period to period. Estimates are made under facts and circumstances at a point in time, and changes in those facts and circumstances could produce results that significantly differ from when those estimates were made. 
  Our most significant accounting estimates relate to our ACL, valuation of financial instruments, contingent liabilities, income taxes, and deferred tax assets. These significant accounting estimates and their related application are discussed in our   December 31, 2015   Form 10-K. 

60 

     Table of Contents  

Update to Critical Accounting Policies and Use of Significant Estimates 
    
  Goodwill and Intangible Assets 
  The acquisition method of accounting requires that acquired assets and liabilities are recorded at their fair values at the date of acquisition. This often involves estimates based on third party valuations or internal valuations based on discounted cash flow analyses or other valuation techniques, all of which are inherently subjective. The amortization of identified intangible assets is based upon the estimated economic benefits to be received over the economic life, which is also subjective. Acquisitions typically result in goodwill, which is subject to ongoing periodic impairment tests based on the fair values of the reporting units to which the acquired goodwill relates.  
  Recent Accounting Pronouncements and Developments 
  Note   2   of the Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements discusses new accounting pronouncements adopted during   2016   and the expected impact of accounting pronouncements recently issued but not yet required to be adopted. To the extent the adoption of new accounting standards materially affect financial condition, results of operations, or liquidity, the impacts are discussed in the applicable section of this MD A and the Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 

61 

Table of Contents  

Item 1: Financial Statements 
   
  Huntington Bancshares Incorporated 
  Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets 
  (Unaudited) 

(1) 
    Amounts represent loans for which Huntington has elected the fair value option. 
     See Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 

62 

Table of Contents  

63 

     Table of Contents  

64 

Table of Contents  

Huntington Bancshares Incorporated 
  Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 
  (Unaudited) 

See Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 

65 

Table of Contents  

Huntington Bancshares Incorporated 
  Condensed Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders  Equity 
  (Unaudited) 

See Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
  
   66 

Table of Contents  

Huntington Bancshares Incorporated 
  Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
  (Unaudited) 

67 

     Table of Contents  

See Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 

68 

Table of Contents  

Huntington Bancshares Incorporated 
  Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
   
  1  .   BASIS OF PRESENTATION    
  The accompanying Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements of Huntington reflect all adjustments consisting of normal recurring accruals which are, in the opinion of Management, necessary for a fair statement of the consolidated financial position, the results of operations, and cash flows for the periods presented. The year-end condensed consolidated balance sheet data was derived from audited financial statements but does not include all disclosures required by GAAP. These Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements have been prepared according to the rules and regulations of the SEC and, therefore, certain information and footnote disclosures normally included in annual financial statements prepared in accordance with GAAP have been omitted. The Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements appearing in Huntington s   2015   Form 10-K, which include descriptions of significant accounting policies, as updated by the information contained in this report, should be read in conjunction with these interim financial statements. 
  For statement of cash flows purposes, cash and cash equivalents are defined as the sum of  Cash and due from banks  which includes amounts on deposit with the Federal Reserve and  Federal funds sold and securities purchased under resale agreements.  
  In conjunction with applicable accounting standards, all material subsequent events have been either recognized in the Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements or disclosed in the Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
  Certain prior period amounts have been reclassified to conform to the current year's presentation.  Specifically, Huntington reclassified servicing assets from accrued income and other assets to disclose them as a separate line item on the balance sheets.  In addition, debt issuance costs were reclassified to long-term debt from accrued income and other assets as part of adopting ASU 2015-03. 
   
  2  .   ACCOUNTING STANDARDS UPDATE    
  ASU 2014-09 - Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606):   The amendments in ASU 2014-09 supersede the revenue recognition requirements in Topic 605, Revenue Recognition, and most industry-specific guidance. The general principle of the amendments require an entity to recognize revenue upon the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. The guidance sets forth a five step approach to be utilized for revenue recognition. The amendments were originally effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2016, including interim periods within that reporting period. Subsequently, the FASB issued a one-year deferral for implementation, which results in new guidance being effective for annual and interim reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2017.  Entities have the option of using either a full retrospective approach or modified retrospective approach to adopt the amendments in the Update.  The FASB, however, permitted early adoption of the new guidance on the original effective date. Management is currently assessing the impact on Huntington s Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements.   
  ASU 2015-02 - Consolidation (Topic 810): Amendments to the Consolidation Analysis  . This Update provides a new scope exception for registered money market funds and similar unregistered money market funds, provides targeted amendments to the current consolidation guidance, and ends the deferral granted to investment companies from applying the variable interest entity accounting guidance. The Update was adopted on January 1, 2016 and did not have a significant impact on Huntington's Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
  ASU 2015-03 - Imputation of Interest (Topic 835): Simplifying the Presentation of Debt Issuance Costs.   This Update was issued to simplify the presentation of debt issuance costs. The amendments require debt issuance costs related to a recognized debt liability be presented in the balance sheet as a direct deduction to the carrying amount of that debt liability, consistent with debt discounts.  Huntington adopted the Update on January 1, 2016.  Amounts reclassified in the prior periods were immaterial to Huntington s Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements.  For more information, refer to Note 9  Long-Term Debt . 
  ASU 2015-10 - Technical Corrections and Improvements.   This Update sets forth certain technical corrections and improvements issued in June 2015 with an objective to clarify the Accounting Standards Codification ( Codification ), correct unintended application of guidance, or make minor improvements to the ASU, among other things, requires disclosure of fair value for non-recurring items at the relevant measurement date where the fair value is not measured at the end of the reporting period. Also, for nonrecurring measurements estimated at a date during the reporting period other than the end of the reporting period, a reporting entity is required to clearly indicate that the fair value information presented is not as of the period s end.  
  
   69 

     Table of Contents  

The technical correction for fair value disclosure was effective upon issuance and did not have a significant impact on Huntington s Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
  ASU 2015-16 - Simplifying the Accounting for Measurement-Period Adjustments.   This Update requires an acquirer to recognize adjustments to provisional amounts that are identified during the measurement period in the reporting period in which the adjustment amounts are determined. The acquirer is required to record, in the same period s financial statements, the effect on earnings of changes in depreciation, amortization, or other income effects, if any, as a result of the change to the provisional amounts, calculated as if the accounting had been completed at the acquisition date. The amendments also require an entity to present separately on the face of the income statement, or disclose in the notes, the portion of the amount recorded in current-period earnings by line item that would have been recorded in previous reporting periods if the adjustment to the provisional amounts had been recognized as of the acquisition date. The Update was adopted on January 1, 2016 and did not have a significant impact on Huntington's Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
  ASU 2016-01 - Recognition and Measurement of Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities.   This Update sets forth targeted improvements to GAAP including, but not limited to, requiring an entity to recognize the changes in fair value of equity investments in the income statement, requiring public business entities to use the exit price when measuring the fair value of financial instruments for financial statement disclosure purposes, eliminating certain disclosures required by existing GAAP, and providing for additional disclosures. The Update is effective for the fiscal period beginning after December 15, 2017, including interim periods within those fiscal years. A cumulative-effect adjustment to the balance sheet will be required as of the beginning of the fiscal year upon adoption. The Update is not expected to have a significant impact on Huntington's Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
  ASU 2016-02 - Leases.   This Update sets forth a new lease accounting model for lessors and lessees. For lessees, virtually all leases will be required to be recognized on the balance sheet by recording a right-of-use asset.  Subsequent accounting for leases varies depending on whether the lease is an operating lease or a finance lease. The accounting applied by a lessor is largely unchanged from that applied under the existing guidance. The ASU requires additional qualitative and quantitative disclosures with the objective of enabling users of financial statements to assess the amount, timing, and uncertainty of cash flows arising from leases. The Update is effective for the fiscal period beginning after December 15, 2018, with early application permitted. Management is currently assessing the impact of the new guidance on Huntington's Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
  ASU 2016-05 - Effect of Derivative Contract Novations on Existing Hedge Accounting Relationships.   This Update provides accounting clarification for changes in the counterparty to a derivative instrument that has been designated as a qualified hedging instrument.  Specifically, changes in the derivative counterparty should not, in and of itself, require de-designation of that hedging relationship provided that all other hedge accounting criteria continue to be met. This Update is effective for financial statements issued for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2016 and interim periods within those fiscal years. Early application is permitted.  An entity has an option to apply the amendments in this Update on either a prospective basis or a modified retrospective basis. Management does not believe the new guidance will have a significant impact on Huntington's Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
  ASU 2016-06 - Contingent Put and Call Options in Debt Instruments.   This Update clarifies the requirements for assessing whether contingent call (put) options that can accelerate the payment of principal on debt instruments are clearly and closely related to their debt instruments. An entity performing the assessment set forth in this Update will be required to assess embedded call (put) options solely in accordance with the four-step decision sequence. This Update is effective for financial statements issued for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2016 and interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption is permitted. An entity should apply this Update on a modified retrospective basis to existing debt instruments as of the beginning of the fiscal year for which the amendments are effective. This Update is not expected to have a significant impact on Huntington's Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
  ASU 2016-07 - Simplifying the Transition to the Equity Method of Accounting.   This Update eliminates the requirement for the retrospective use of the equity method of accounting as a result of an increase in the level of ownership interest or degree of influence of an investor. The amendments require that the equity method investor add the cost of acquiring the additional interest in the investee to the current basis of the investor s previously held interest and adopt the equity method of accounting as of the date the investment becomes qualified for the equity method accounting. This Update is effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within those fiscal years, beginning after December 15, 2016. The amendments are not expected to have a significant impact on Huntington's Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
  ASU 2016-09 - Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting.   This Update simplifies several aspects of the accounting for share-based payment transactions, including the income tax consequences, classification of awards as either equity or liabilities, and classification in the statement of cash flows. The amendments, among other things, require all tax  
  
   70 

     Table of Contents  

benefits and tax deficiencies related to share-based awards to be recognized in the income statement. Other changes include an election related to the accounting for forfeitures, changes to the cash flow statement presentation for excess tax benefits, as well as for cash paid by an employer when directly withholding shares for tax withholding purposes. The amendments are effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2016, and interim periods within those annual periods. Early adoption is permitted for any entity in any interim or annual period. Management is currently assessing the impact of this Update on Huntington's Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
  ASU 2016-13 - Financial Instruments - Credit Losses.   The amendments in this Update eliminate the probable recognition threshold for credit losses on financial assets measured at amortized cost.  The Update requires those financial assets to be presented at the net amount expected to be collected (i.e., net of expected credit losses). The measurement of expected credit losses should be based on relevant information about past events, including historical experience, current conditions, and reasonable and supportable forecasts that affect the collectibility of the reported amount. The Update is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2019, including interim periods within those fiscal years.  Early adoption is permitted for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018. The amendments should be applied through a cumulative-effect adjustment to retained earnings as of the beginning of the first reporting period in which the guidance is effective. Management is currently assessing the impact of this Update on Huntington's Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
  ASU 2016-15 - Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments.   The amendments in this Update add or clarify guidance on the classification of certain cash receipts and payments in the statement of cash flows. Current guidance lacks consistent principles for evaluating the classification of cash payments and receipts in the statement of cash flows. This has led to diversity in practice and, in certain circumstances, financial statement restatements. Therefore, the FASB issued the ASU with the intent of reducing diversity in practice with respect to several types of cash flows. The amendments in this Update are effective using a retrospective transition approach for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017, and interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption is permitted, including adoption in an interim period. If an entity early adopts the amendments in an interim period, any adjustments should be reflected as of the beginning of the fiscal year that includes that interim period. This Update is not expected to have a significant impact on Huntington's Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements.  

3  .   ACQUISITION OF FIRSTMERIT CORPORATION     
    
  On August 16, 2016, Huntington completed its acquisition of FirstMerit Corporation in a stock and cash transaction valued at approximately   $3.7 billion  .  FirstMerit Corporation was a diversified financial services company headquartered in Akron, Ohio, with operations in Ohio, Michigan, Wisconsin, Illinois and Pennsylvania. Post merger, Huntington now operates across an   eight  -state Midwestern footprint.  The merger resulted in a combined company with a larger market presence and more diversified loan portfolio, as well as a larger core deposit funding base and economies of scale associated with a larger financial institution. 
    
  Under the terms of the agreement, shareholders of FirstMerit Corporation received   1.72   shares of Huntington common stock, and   $5.00   in cash, for each share of FirstMerit Corporation common stock.  The aggregate purchase price was   $3.7 billion  , including   $0.8 billion   of cash,   $2.8 billion   of common stock, and   $0.1 billion   of preferred stock.  Huntington issued   285 million   shares of common stock that had a total fair value of   $2.8 billion   based on the closing market price of   $9.68   per share on August 15, 2016.   
    
  The acquisition of FirstMerit constituted a business combination. The FirstMerit merger has been accounted for using the acquisition method of accounting and, accordingly, assets acquired, liabilities assumed, and consideration exchanged were recorded at estimated fair value on the acquisition date.  The determination of estimated fair values required management to make certain estimates about discount rates, future expected cash flows, market conditions, and other future events that are highly subjective in nature and may require adjustments, which can be updated for up to a year following the acquisition. As of September 30, 2016, Huntington continues to review information relating to events or circumstances existing at the acquisition date. Management anticipates that this review could result in adjustments to the acquisition date valuation amounts presented herein but does not anticipate that these adjustments would be material. 
    
  The following table reflects consideration paid for FirstMerit's net assets and the amounts of acquired identifiable assets and liabilities assumed as of the acquisition date: 

71 

     Table of Contents  

In connection with the acquisition, the Company recorded approximately   $1.3 billion   of goodwill, of which   $339 million   relates to   15  -year tax deductible goodwill from prior acquisitions.  Information regarding the allocation of goodwill recorded as a result of the acquisition to the Company s reportable segments, as well as the carrying amounts and amortization of core deposit and other intangible assets, is provided in Note   8   of the Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements.   
    
  The following is a description of the methods used to determine the fair values of significant assets and liabilities presented  
  
   72 

     Table of Contents  

above. 
    
  Cash and due from banks, interest-bearing deposits in banks, and loans held for sale:   The carrying amount of these assets is a reasonable estimate of fair value based on the short-term nature of these assets. 
    
  Securities:   Fair values for securities are based on quoted market prices, where available. If quoted market prices are not available, fair value estimates are based on observable inputs including quoted market prices for similar instruments, quoted market prices that are not in an active market or other inputs that are observable in the market. In the absence of observable inputs, fair value is estimated based on pricing models and/or discounted cash flow methodologies. 
    
  Loans and leases:   Fair values for loans were based on a discounted cash flow methodology that considered factors including the type of loan and related collateral, classification status, fixed or variable interest rate, term of loan, amortization status and current discount rates. Loans were grouped together according to similar characteristics when applying various valuation techniques. The discount rates used for loans are based on current market rates for new originations of comparable loans and include adjustments for any liquidity concerns. The discount rate does not include a factor for credit losses as that has been included as a reduction to the estimated cash flows.   
    
  CDI:   This intangible asset represents the value of the relationships with deposit customers. The fair value was estimated based on a discounted cash flow methodology that gave appropriate consideration to expected customer attrition rates, net maintenance cost of the deposit base, alternative cost of funds, and the interest costs associated with customer deposits. The CDI is being amortized over   10 years   based upon the period over which estimated economic benefits are estimated to be received. 
    
  Deposits:   The fair values used for the demand and savings deposits by definition equal the amount payable on demand at the acquisition date. The fair values for time deposits are estimated using a discounted cash flow calculation that applies interest rates currently being offered to the contractual interest rates on such time deposits. 
    
  Debt:   The fair values of long-term debt instruments are estimated based on quoted market prices for the instrument if available, or for similar instruments if not available, or by using discounted cash flow analyses, based on current incremental borrowing rates for similar types of instruments. 
    
  The following table presents financial information regarding the former FirstMerit operations included in our Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income from the date of acquisition (August 16, 2016) through September 30, 2016 under the column  Actual from acquisition date .  The following table also presents unaudited pro forma information as if the acquisition of FirstMerit had occurred on January 1, 2015 under the  Unaudited Pro Forma  columns.  The pro forma information does not necessarily reflect the results of operations that would have occurred had Huntington acquired FirstMerit on January 1, 2015.  Furthermore, cost savings and other business synergies related to the acquisition are not reflected in the pro forma amounts. 

This pro forma information combines the historical consolidated results of operations of Huntington and FirstMerit  
   for the periods presented and gives effect to the following nonrecurring adjustments: 
    
  Fair value adjustments  :  Pro forma adjustment to net interest income of   $2 million   and   $11 million   for the three and nine-months ended September 30, 2016, to record estimated amortization of premiums and accretion of discounts on acquired loans, securities, deposits, and long-term debt.    

73 

     Table of Contents  

FirstMerit accretion /amortization  :  Pro forma adjustment to net interest income of   $7 million   and   $34 million   for the three and nine-months ended September 30, 2016, respectively, to eliminate FirstMerit amortization of premiums and accretion of discounts on previously acquired loans, securities, and deposits. 
    
  Amortization of acquired intangibles  : Pro forma adjustment to noninterest expense of   $6 million   and   $28 million   for the three and nine-months ended September 30, 2016, respectively, to record estimated amortization of acquired intangible assets. 
    
  Huntington merger-related costs  :  Pro forma results include Huntington merger-related costs which primarily included, but were not limited to, severance costs, professional services, data processing fees, marketing and advertising expenses totaling   $159 million   and   $186 million   for the three and nine-months ended September 30, 2016, respectively.   
    
  Other adjustments:    Pro forma results also include adjustments related to branch divestitures, incremental interest expense on the issuance on acquisition debt, elimination of FirstMerit's intangible amortization expense, FirstMerit merger-related costs, and related income-tax effects. 
    
  Branch divestiture:   On July 27, 2016, Huntington and FirstMerit announced that, in conjunction with the merger, Huntington will sell   13   acquired branches and certain related assets and deposit liabilities to First Commonwealth Bank, the banking subsidiary of First Commonwealth Financial Corporation.  The sale is in connection with an agreement reached with the U.S. Department of Justice in order to resolve its competitive concerns about Huntington s acquisition of FirstMerit.  Total deposits and loans to be transferred to First Commonwealth Bank for the transaction totaled   $712 million   and   $112 million  , respectively, as of September 30, 2016, with the actual amount to be transferred determined as of the date the transaction closes.  These amounts are included in deposits and loans held for sale, respectively, in the Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets.  The transaction is expected to close in the fourth quarter of 2016.   
   
  4  .   LOANS / LEASES AND ALLOWANCE FOR CREDIT LOSSES    
  Loans and leases for which Huntington has the intent and ability to hold for the foreseeable future, or until maturity or payoff, are classified in the Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as loans and leases. Except for loans which are accounted for at fair value, loans are carried at the principal amount outstanding, net of unamortized premiums and discounts and deferred loan fees and costs, which resulted in a net premium of   $74 million   and   $262 million   at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively. 
  Loans and leases with a fair value of   $15.5 billion   were acquired by Huntington as part of the FirstMerit acquisition. These loans were recorded at fair value. The fair values of the loans were estimated using discounted cash flow analyses using interest rates currently being offered for loans with similar terms (Level 3), and reflected an estimate of credit and other risk associated with the loans.  Of the total acquired loans and leases, Huntington has elected the fair value option for   $56 million   of consumer loans.  These loans will subsequently be measured at fair value with any changes in fair value recognized in noninterest income in the Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income.   
  Loan and Lease Portfolio Composition 
  The following table provides a detailed listing of Huntington s loan and lease portfolio at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  : 

74 

     Table of Contents  

As shown in the table below, the primary loan and lease portfolios are: commercial and consumer. For ACL purposes, these portfolios are further disaggregated into classes.    During the 2016 third quarter, in connection with the acquisition of FirstMerit, Huntington enhanced its portfolio and class structure.  This structure corresponds with how the ACL is determined.    The portfolios, and classes within each portfolio, are now as follows: 
                 Portfolio 
    Class 
      Commercial 
    Commercial and industrial 
        
    Commercial real estate 

Consumer 
    Automobile 
        
    Home equity 
        
    Residential mortgage 
        
    RV and marine finance 
        
    Other consumer 

Purchased Credit-Impaired Loans 
  Purchased loans with evidence of deterioration in credit quality since origination for which it is probable at acquisition that we will be unable to collect all contractually required payments are considered to be credit impaired. Purchased credit-impaired loans are initially recorded at fair value, which is estimated by discounting the cash flows expected to be collected at the acquisition date. Because the estimate of expected cash flows reflects an estimate of future credit losses expected to be incurred over the life of the loans, an allowance for credit losses is not recorded at the acquisition date. The excess of cash flows expected at acquisition over the estimated fair value, referred to as the accretable yield, is recognized in interest income over the remaining life of the loan, or pool of loans, on a level-yield basis. The difference between the contractually required payments at acquisition and the cash flows expected to be collected at acquisition is referred to as the nonaccretable difference. A subsequent decrease in the estimate of cash flows expected to be received on purchased credit-impaired loans generally results in the recognition of an allowance for credit losses. Subsequent increases in cash flows result in reversal of any nonaccretable difference (or allowance for loan and lease losses to the extent any has been recorded) with a positive impact on interest income subsequently recognized. The measurement of cash flows involves assumptions and judgments for interest rates, prepayments, default rates, loss severity, and collateral values. All of these factors are inherently subjective and significant changes in the cash flow estimates over the life of the loan can result. 
  The following table reflects the contractually required payments receivable, cash flows expected to be collected, and fair value of the credit impaired FirstMerit loans at acquisition date:  

The following table presents a rollforward of the accretable yield for purchased credit impaired loans for the   three-month and nine-month   periods ended   September 30, 2016  :   and   2015 

75 

     Table of Contents  

There was no allowance for loan losses recorded on the purchased credit-impaired loan portfolio at   September 30, 2016  .  The following table reflects the ending and unpaid balances of all contractually required payments and carrying amounts of the acquired loans by acquisition at   September 30, 2016  : 

FDIC Acquired Loans Subject to Loss Share Agreements 
    
  In connection with the acquisition of FirstMerit, Huntington acquired loans subject to loss share agreements with the FDIC.  The loss share agreements stipulate that the FDIC will reimburse Huntington for a portion of any amounts the Bank concludes are uncollectible, resulting in charge-offs.  The agreements also stipulate that Huntington must repay the FDIC any related recoveries generated from the acquired loans.  The reimbursements to Huntington are recorded as an indemnification asset and is recognized in Accrued income and other assets in the Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets.   The obligation to the FDIC is recorded as a loss sharing liability and is recognized in Accrued expenses and other liabilities in the Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets.  
    
  The following table presents additional information relating to FDIC acquired loans subject to loss sharing agreements at   September 30, 2016  :   

Loan Purchases and Sales 
  The following table summarizes significant portfolio loan purchase and sale activity for the   three-month and nine-month   periods ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  . The table below excludes mortgage loans originated for sale. 
  
   76 

     Table of Contents  

(1) 
    Reflects the transfer of approximately   $81 million   home equity loans transferred back to loans and leases in the 2016 third quarter. 
              (2) 
    Reflects the transfer of approximately   $1.0 billion   automobile loans to loans held for sale at March 31, 2015, net of approximately   $262 million   of automobile loans transferred back to loans and leases in the 2015 second quarter. 
     NALs and Past Due Loans 
  Loans are considered past due when the contractual amounts due with respect to principal and interest are not received within   30   days of the contractual due date. 
  Any loan in any portfolio may be placed on nonaccrual status prior to the policies described below when collection of principal or interest is in doubt. When a borrower with debt is discharged in a Chapter 7 bankruptcy and not reaffirmed by the borrower, the loan is determined to be collateral dependent and placed on nonaccrual status. 
  All classes within the Commercial portfolio (except for purchased credit-impaired loans) are placed on nonaccrual status at   90  -days past due. Residential mortgage loans are placed on nonaccrual status at   150  -days past due, with the exception of residential mortgages guaranteed by government organizations. First-lien home equity loans are placed on nonaccrual status at   150  -days past due. Junior-lien home equity loans are placed on nonaccrual status at the earlier of   120  -days past due or when the related first-lien loan has been identified as nonaccrual. Automobile, RV and marine finance and other consumer loans are generally charged-off when the loan is   120  -days past due.   
  For all classes within all loan portfolios, when a loan is placed on nonaccrual status, any accrued interest income is reversed with current year accruals charged to interest income, and prior year amounts are recognized as a credit loss. 
  For all classes within all loan portfolios, cash receipts received on NALs are applied entirely against principal until the loan or lease has been collected in full, after which time any additional cash receipts are recognized as interest income. However, for secured non-reaffirmed debt in a Chapter 7 bankruptcy, payments are applied to principal and interest when the borrower has demonstrated a capacity to continue payment of the debt and collection of the debt is reasonably assured. For unsecured non-reaffirmed debt in a Chapter 7 bankruptcy where the carrying value has been fully charged-off, payments are recorded as loan recoveries. 
  
   77 

     Table of Contents  

Regarding all classes within the Commercial portfolio, the determination of a borrower s ability to make the required principal and interest payments is based on an examination of the borrower s current financial statements, industry, management capabilities, and other qualitative measures. For all classes within the consumer loan portfolio, the determination of a borrower s ability to make the required principal and interest payments is based on multiple factors, including number of days past due and, in some instances, an evaluation of the borrower s financial condition. When, in Management s judgment, the borrower s ability to make required principal and interest payments resumes and collectability is no longer in doubt, supported by sustained repayment history, the loan or lease is returned to accrual status. For these loans that have been returned to accrual status, cash receipts are applied according to the contractual terms of the loan. 
  The following table presents NALs by loan class at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  : 

The following table presents an aging analysis of loans and leases, including past due loans, by loan class at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  : (1)  

78 

     Table of Contents  

(1) 
    NALs are included in this aging analysis based on the loan s past due status. 
              (2) 
    Amounts include Huntington Technology Finance administrative lease delinquencies. 
              (3) 
    Includes   $53 million   guaranteed by the U.S. government. 
              (4) 
    Includes   $56 million   guaranteed by the U.S. government. 
     Allowance for Credit Losses 
  Huntington maintains   two   reserves, both of which reflect Management s judgment regarding the appropriate level necessary to absorb credit losses inherent in our loan and lease portfolio: the ALLL and the AULC. Combined, these reserves comprise the total ACL. The determination of the ACL requires significant estimates, including the timing and amounts of expected future cash flows on impaired loans and leases, consideration of current economic conditions, and historical loss experience pertaining to pools of homogeneous loans and leases, all of which may be susceptible to change. 
  The appropriateness of the ACL is based on Management s current judgments about the credit quality of the loan portfolio. These judgments consider on-going evaluations of the loan and lease portfolio, including such factors as the differing economic risks associated with each loan category, the financial condition of specific borrowers, the level of delinquent loans, the value of any collateral and, where applicable, the existence of any guarantees or other documented support. Further, Management evaluates the impact of changes in interest rates and overall economic conditions on the ability of borrowers to meet their financial obligations when quantifying our exposure to credit losses and assessing the appropriateness of our ACL at each reporting date. In addition to general economic conditions and the other factors described above, additional factors also considered include: the impact of increasing or decreasing residential real estate values; the diversification of CRE loans; the development of new or expanded Commercial business segments such as healthcare, ABL, and energy, and the overall condition of the manufacturing industry. Management s determinations regarding the appropriateness of the ACL are reviewed and approved by the Company s board of directors. 
  The ALLL consists of   two   components: (1) the transaction reserve, which includes a loan level allocation, specific reserves related to loans considered to be impaired, and loans involved in troubled debt restructurings, and (2) the general reserve. The transaction reserve component includes both (1) an estimate of loss based on pools of commercial and consumer loans and leases with similar characteristics, and (2) an estimate of loss based on an impairment review of each impaired C I and CRE loan where obligor balance is greater than   $1 million  . For the Commercial portfolio, the estimate of loss based on pools of loans and leases with similar characteristics is made by applying a PD factor and a LGD factor to each individual loan based on a regularly updated loan grade, using a standardized loan grading system. The PD factor and an LGD factor are determined for each loan grade using statistical models based on historical performance data. The PD factor considers on-going reviews of the financial performance of the specific borrower, including cash flow, debt-service coverage ratio, earnings power, debt level, and equity position, in conjunction with an assessment of the borrower s industry and future prospects. The LGD factor considers analysis of the type of collateral and the relative LTV ratio. These reserve factors are developed and updated periodically based on credit migration models that track historical movements of loans between loan ratings over time and a combination of long-term average loss experience of our own portfolio and external industry data. 
  In the case of other homogeneous portfolios, such as automobile loans, home equity loans, residential mortgage, and RV and marine finance loans, the determination of the transaction reserve also incorporates PD and LGD factors. The estimate of loss is based on pools of loans and leases with similar characteristics. The PD factor considers current credit scores unless the account is delinquent, in which case a higher PD factor is used. The credit score provides a basis for understanding the  
  
   79 

     Table of Contents  

borrower s past and current payment performance, and this information is used to estimate expected losses over the emergence period. The performance of first-lien loans ahead of our junior-lien loans is available to use as part of our updated score process. The LGD factor considers analysis of the type of collateral and the relative LTV ratio. Credit scores, models, analyses, and other factors used to determine both the PD and LGD factors are updated frequently to capture the recent behavioral characteristics of the subject portfolios, as well as any changes in loss mitigation or credit origination strategies, and adjustments to the reserve factors are made as required.  
  The general reserve consists of our risk-profile reserve components, which includes items unique to our structure, policies, processes, and portfolio composition, as well as qualitative measurements and assessments of the loan portfolios including, but not limited to, management quality, concentrations, portfolio composition, industry comparisons, and internal review functions. 
  The estimate for the AULC is determined using the same procedures and methodologies as used for the ALLL. The loss factors used in the AULC are the same as the loss factors used in the ALLL while also considering a historical utilization of unused commitments. The AULC is reflected in accrued expenses and other liabilities in the Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet. 
  The acquired loans were recorded at their fair value as of the acquisition date and the prior ALLL was eliminated. An ALLL for acquired loans is estimated using a methodology similar to that used for originated loans. The allowance determined for each acquired loan is compared to the remaining fair value adjustment for that loan. If the computed allowance is greater, the excess is added to the allowance through a provision for loan losses. If the computed allowance is less, no additional allowance is recognized. 
  The ACL is increased through a provision for credit losses that is charged to earnings, based on Management s quarterly evaluation of the factors previously mentioned, and is reduced by charge-offs, net of recoveries, and the ACL associated with loans transferred to loans held for sale,  securitized or sold. 
  The following table presents ALLL and AULC activity by portfolio segment for the   three-month and nine-month   periods ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  : 
  
   80 

     Table of Contents  

81 

     Table of Contents  

Any loan in any portfolio may be charged-off prior to the policies described below if a loss confirming event has occurred. Loss confirming events include, but are not limited to, bankruptcy (unsecured), continued delinquency, foreclosure, or receipt of an asset valuation indicating a collateral deficiency and that asset is the sole source of repayment. Additionally, discharged, collateral dependent non-reaffirmed debt in Chapter 7 bankruptcy filings will result in a charge-off to estimated collateral value, less anticipated selling costs. 
  Commercial loans are either fully or partially charged-off at   90  -days past due. Automobile, RV and marine finance loans and other consumer loans are charged-off at   120  -days past due. First-lien and junior-lien home equity loans are charged-off to the estimated fair value of the collateral, less anticipated selling costs, at   150  -days past due and   120  -days past due, respectively. Residential mortgages are charged-off to the estimated fair value of the collateral, less anticipated selling costs, at   150  -days past due. 
  Credit Quality Indicators 
  To facilitate the monitoring of credit quality for Commercial loans, and for purposes of determining an appropriate ACL level for these loans, Huntington utilizes the following categories of credit grades: 
  Pass - Higher quality loans that do not fit any of the other categories described below. 
  OLEM - The credit risk may be relatively minor yet represent a risk given certain specific circumstances. If the potential weaknesses are not monitored or mitigated, the loan may weaken or the collateral may be inadequate to protect Huntington s position in the future. For these reasons, Huntington considers the loans to be potential problem loans. 
  Substandard - Inadequately protected loans by the borrower s ability to repay, equity, and/or the collateral pledged to secure the loan. These loans have identified weaknesses that could hinder normal repayment or collection of the debt. It is likely Huntington will sustain some loss if any identified weaknesses are not mitigated. 
  
   82 

     Table of Contents  

Doubtful - Loans that have all of the weaknesses inherent in those loans classified as Substandard, with the added elements of the full collection of the loan is improbable and that the possibility of loss is high. 
  The categories above, which are derived from standard regulatory rating definitions, are assigned upon initial approval of the loan or lease and subsequently updated as appropriate. 
  Commercial loans categorized as OLEM, Substandard, or Doubtful are considered Criticized loans. Commercial loans categorized as Substandard or Doubtful are also considered Classified loans. 
  For all classes within the Consumer loan portfolio, each loan is assigned a specific PD factor that is partially based on the borrower s most recent credit bureau score, which we update quarterly. A credit bureau score is a credit score developed by Fair Isaac Corporation based on data provided by the credit bureaus. The credit bureau score is widely accepted as the standard measure of consumer credit risk used by lenders, regulators, rating agencies, and consumers. The higher the credit bureau score, the higher likelihood of repayment and therefore, an indicator of higher credit quality.  Future performance of the consumer portfolios is not solely based on the FICO score distribution.  Huntington utilizes a custom scorecard in the credit decisioning process for Indirect Auto and Home Equity to provide a proprietary assessment of expected performance at the loan level. 
  Huntington assesses the risk in the loan portfolio by utilizing numerous risk characteristics. The classifications described above, and also presented in the table below, represent one of those characteristics that are closely monitored in the overall credit risk management processes. 
  The following table presents each loan and lease class by credit quality indicator at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  : 

(1) 
    Excludes loans accounted for under the fair value option. 
     
   83 

     Table of Contents  

(2) 
    Reflects most recent customer credit scores. 
              (3) 
    Reflects deferred fees and costs, loans in process, loans to legal entities, etc. 
     Impaired Loans 
  For all classes within the Commercial portfolio, all loans with an obligor balance of   $1 million   or greater are considered for individual evaluation on a quarterly basis for impairment. Generally, consumer loans within any class are not individually evaluated on a regular basis for impairment. However, certain home equity and residential mortgage loans are measured for impairment based on the underlying collateral value.  All TDRs, regardless of the outstanding balance amount, are also considered to be impaired. Loans acquired with evidence of deterioration of credit quality since origination for which it is probable at acquisition that all contractually required payments will not be collected are also considered to be impaired. 
  Once a loan has been identified for an assessment of impairment, the loan is considered impaired when, based on current information and events, it is probable that all amounts due according to the contractual terms of the loan agreement will not be collected. This determination requires significant judgment and use of estimates, and the eventual outcome may differ significantly from those estimates. 
  When a loan in any class has been determined to be impaired, the amount of the impairment is measured using the present value of expected future cash flows discounted at the loan s effective interest rate or, as a practical expedient, the observable market price of the loan, or the fair value of the collateral, less anticipated selling costs, if the loan is collateral dependent. When the present value of expected future cash flows is used, the effective interest rate is the original contractual interest rate of the loan adjusted for any premium, discount, fees, or costs. A specific reserve is established as a component of the ALLL when a commercial loan has been determined to be impaired. Subsequent to the initial measurement of impairment, if there is a significant change to the impaired loan s expected future cash flows, or if actual cash flows are significantly different from the cash flows previously estimated, Huntington recalculates the impairment and appropriately adjusts the specific reserve. Similarly, if Huntington measures impairment based on the observable market price of an impaired loan or the fair value of the collateral of an impaired collateral dependent loan, Huntington will adjust the specific reserve.  
  When a loan within any class is impaired, the accrual of interest income is discontinued unless the receipt of principal and interest is no longer in doubt. Interest income on TDRs is accrued when all principal and interest is expected to be collected under the post-modification terms. Cash receipts received on nonaccruing impaired loans within any class are generally applied entirely against principal until the loan has been collected in full (including already charged-off portion), after which time any additional cash receipts are recognized as interest income. Cash receipts received on accruing impaired loans within any class are applied in the same manner as accruing loans that are not considered impaired. 
  The following tables present the balance of the ALLL attributable to loans by portfolio segment individually and collectively evaluated for impairment and the related loan and lease balance at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  : 

84 

     Table of Contents  

(1) 
    Excludes loans accounted for under the fair value option. 

The following tables present by class the ending, unpaid principal balance, and the related ALLL, along with the average balance and interest income recognized only for loans and leases individually evaluated for impairment and purchased credit-impaired loans: (1), (2)  

85 

     Table of Contents  

(1) 
    These tables do not include loans fully charged-off. 
              (2) 
    All automobile, home equity, residential mortgage, RV and marine finance and other consumer impaired loans included in these tables are considered impaired due to their status as a TDR. 
              (3) 
    At   September 30, 2016  ,   $111 million   of the   $256 million   commercial and industrial loans with an allowance recorded were considered impaired due to their status as a TDR. At   December 31, 2015  ,   $91 million   of the   $246 million   commercial and industrial loans with an allowance recorded were considered impaired due to their status as a TDR. 
              (4) 
    At   September 30, 2016  ,   $28 million   of the   $46 million   commercial real estate loans with an allowance recorded were considered impaired due to their status as a TDR. At   December 31, 2015  ,   $35 million   of the   $90 million   commercial real estate loans with an allowance recorded were considered impaired due to their status as a TDR. 
              (5) 
    The differences between the ending balance and unpaid principal balance amounts represent partial charge-offs. 
              (6) 
    At   September 30, 2016  ,   $29 million   of the   $341 million   residential mortgages loans with an allowance recorded were guaranteed by the U.S. government. At   December 31, 2015  ,   $29 million   of the   $368 million   residential mortgage loans with an allowance recorded were guaranteed by the U.S. government. 
     TDR Loans 
  TDRs are modified loans where a concession was provided to a borrower experiencing financial difficulties. Loan modifications are considered TDRs when the concessions provided are not available to the borrower through either normal channels or other sources. However, not all loan modifications are TDRs.  Acquired, non-purchased credit impaired loan are only considered for TDR reporting for modifications made subsequent to acquisition. 
  TDR Concession Types 
  The Company s standards relating to loan modifications consider, among other factors, minimum verified income requirements, cash flow analyses, and collateral valuations. Each potential loan modification is reviewed individually and the terms of the loan are modified to meet a borrower s specific circumstances at a point in time. All commercial TDRs are reviewed and approved by our SAD. The types of concessions provided to borrowers include: 
             
    Interest rate reduction: A reduction of the stated interest rate to a nonmarket rate for the remaining original life of the debt. 
                
    Amortization or maturity date change beyond what the collateral supports, including any of the following: 
     
   86 

     Table of Contents  

(1) 
    Lengthens the amortization period of the amortized principal beyond market terms. This concession reduces the minimum monthly payment and could increase the amount of the balloon payment at the end of the term of the loan. Principal is generally not forgiven. 
              (2) 
    Reduces the amount of loan principal to be amortized and increases the amount of the balloon payment at the end of the term of the loan. This concession also reduces the minimum monthly payment. Principal is generally not forgiven. 
              (3) 
    Extends the maturity date or dates of the debt beyond what the collateral supports. This concession generally applies to loans without a balloon payment at the end of the term of the loan. 
                
    Chapter 7 bankruptcy: A bankruptcy court s discharge of a borrower s debt is considered a concession when the borrower does not reaffirm the discharged debt. 
                
    Other: A concession that is not categorized as one of the concessions described above. These concessions include, but are not limited to: principal forgiveness, collateral concessions, covenant concessions, and reduction of accrued interest. 
     Principal forgiveness may result from any TDR modification of any concession type. However, the aggregate amount of principal forgiven as a result of loans modified as TDRs during the   three-month and nine-month   periods ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , was not significant. 
  Following is a description of TDRs by the different loan types: 
  Commercial loan TDRs     Commercial accruing TDRs often result from loans receiving a concession with terms that are not considered a market transaction to Huntington. The TDR remains in accruing status as long as the customer is less than   90  -days past due on payments per the restructured loan terms and no loss is expected. 
  Commercial nonaccrual TDRs result from either: (1) an accruing commercial TDR being placed on nonaccrual status, or (2) a workout where an existing commercial NAL is restructured and a concession is given. At times, these workouts restructure the NAL so that   two   or more new notes are created. The primary note is underwritten based upon our normal underwriting standards and is sized so projected cash flows are sufficient to repay contractual principal and interest. The terms on the secondary note(s) vary by situation, and may include notes that defer principal and interest payments until after the primary note is repaid. Creating   two   or more notes often allows the borrower to continue a project and allows Huntington to right-size a loan based upon the current expectations for a borrower s or project s performance. 
  Our strategy involving TDR borrowers includes working with these borrowers to allow them time to improve their financial position and remain our customer through refinancing their notes according to market terms and conditions in the future or to refinance elsewhere.  A subsequent refinancing or modification of a loan may occur when either the loan matures according to the terms of the TDR-modified agreement or the borrower requests a change to the loan agreements. At that time, the loan is evaluated to determine if it is creditworthy. It is subjected to the normal underwriting standards and processes for other similar credit extensions, both new and existing. The refinanced note is evaluated to determine if it is considered a new loan or a continuation of the prior loan. A new loan is considered for removal of the TDR designation, whereas a continuation of the prior note requires a continuation of the TDR designation. In order for a TDR designation to be removed, the borrower must no longer be experiencing financial difficulties and the terms of the refinanced loan must not represent a concession. 
  Consumer loan TDRs     Residential mortgage TDRs represent loan modifications associated with traditional first-lien mortgage loans in which a concession has been provided to the borrower. The primary concessions given to residential mortgage borrowers are amortization or maturity date changes and interest rate reductions. Residential mortgages identified as TDRs involve borrowers unable to refinance their mortgages through the Company s normal mortgage origination channels or through other independent sources. Some, but not all, of the loans may be delinquent.  The Company may make similar interest rate, term, and principal concessions Automobile, Home Equity, RV and Marine Finance and Other Consumer loan TDRs. 
  TDR Impact on Credit Quality 
  Huntington s ALLL is largely determined by updated risk ratings assigned to commercial loans, updated borrower credit scores on consumer loans, and borrower delinquency history in both the commercial and consumer portfolios. These updated risk ratings and credit scores consider the default history of the borrower, including payment redefaults. As such, the provision for credit losses is impacted primarily by changes in borrower payment performance rather than the TDR classification. TDRs can be classified as either accrual or nonaccrual loans. Nonaccrual TDRs are included in NALs whereas accruing TDRs are excluded from NALs as it is probable that all contractual principal and interest due under the restructured terms will be collected. 
  
   87 

     Table of Contents  

Our TDRs may include multiple concessions and the disclosure classifications are presented based on the primary concession provided to the borrower. The majority of our concessions for the Commercial portfolio are the extension of the maturity date.   
  TDR concessions may also result in the reduction of the ALLL within the Commercial portfolio. This reduction is derived from payments and the resulting application of the reserve calculation within the ALLL. The transaction reserve for non-TDR Commercial loans is calculated based upon several estimated probability factors, such as PD and LGD, both of which were previously discussed. Upon the occurrence of a TDR in our Commercial portfolio, the reserve is measured based on discounted expected cash flows or collateral value, less anticipated selling costs, of the modified loan in accordance with ASC 310-10. The resulting TDR ALLL calculation often results in a lower ALLL amount because (1) the discounted expected cash flows or collateral value, less anticipated selling costs, indicate a lower estimated loss, (2) if the modification includes a rate increase, the discounting of the cash flows on the modified loan, using the pre-modification interest rate, exceeds the carrying value of the loan, or (3) payments may occur as part of the modification. The ALLL for Commercial loans may increase as a result of the modification, as the discounted cash flow analysis may indicate additional reserves are required. 
  TDR concessions on consumer loans may increase the ALLL. The concessions made to these borrowers often include interest rate reductions, and therefore, the TDR ALLL calculation results in a greater ALLL compared with the non-TDR calculation as the reserve is measured based on the estimation of the discounted expected cash flows or collateral value, less anticipated selling costs, on the modified loan in accordance with ASC 310-10. The resulting TDR ALLL calculation often results in a higher ALLL amount because (1) the discounted expected cash flows or collateral value, less anticipated selling costs, indicate a higher estimated loss or, (2) due to the rate decrease, the discounting of the cash flows on the modified loan, using the pre-modification interest rate, indicates a reduction in the present value of expected cash flows or collateral value, less anticipated selling costs. In certain instances, the ALLL may decrease as a result of payments made in connection with the modification. 
  Commercial loan TDRs     In instances where the bank substantiates that it will collect its outstanding balance in full, the note is considered for return to accrual status upon the borrower showing a sustained period of repayment performance for a minimum   six  -month period of time. This six-month period could extend before or after the restructure date. If a charge-off was taken as part of the restructuring, any interest or principal payments received on that note are applied to first reduce the bank s outstanding book balance and then to recoveries of charged-off principal, unpaid interest, and/or fee expenses while the TDR is in nonaccrual status. 
  Consumer loan TDRs     Modified consumer loans identified as TDRs are aggregated into pools for analysis. Cash flows and weighted average interest rates are used to calculate impairment at the pooled-loan level. Once the loans are aggregated into the pool, they continue to be classified as TDRs until contractually repaid or charged-off. 
    
  Residential mortgage loans not guaranteed by a U.S. government agency such as the FHA, VA, and the USDA, including TDR loans, are reported as accrual or nonaccrual based upon delinquency status.  Nonaccrual TDRs are those that are greater than   150  -days contractually past due.  Loans guaranteed by U.S. government organizations continue to accrue interest on guaranteed rates upon delinquency. 
  The following tables present by class and by the reason for the modification, the number of contracts, post-modification outstanding balance, and the financial effects of the modification for the   three-month and nine-month   periods ended   September 30, 2016   an   2015  : 

88 

     Table of Contents  

(1) 
    TDRs may include multiple concessions and the disclosure classifications are based on the primary concession provided to the borrower. 
              (2) 
    Amounts represent the financial impact via provision for loan and lease losses as a result of the modification. 

89 

     Table of Contents  

90 

     Table of Contents  

(1) 
    TDRs may include multiple concessions and the disclosure classifications are based on the primary concession provided to the borrower. 
              (2) 
    Amount represents the financial impact via provision for loan and lease losses as a result of the modification. 
       
  Pledged Loans and Leases 

At   September 30, 2016  , the Bank has access to the Federal Reserve s discount window and advances from the FHLB   Cincinnati. As of   September 30, 2016  , these borrowings and advances are secured by   $19.2 billion   of loans and securities. 
  On March 31, 2015, Huntington completed its acquisition of Macquarie Equipment Finance, which we have re-branded Huntington Technology Finance. Huntington assumed debt associated with   two   securitizations. As of   September 30, 2016  , the debt is secured by   $87 million   of leases held by the trusts. 

5  .   AVAILABLE-FOR-SALE AND OTHER SECURITIES    
  Listed below are the contractual maturities (1 year or less, 1-5 years, 6-10 years, and over 10 years) of available-for-sale and other securities at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  : 

91 

     Table of Contents  

Non-marketable equity securities includes   $249 million   and   $157 million   of stock issued by the FHLB of Cincinnati and   $243 million   and   $176 million   of Federal Reserve Bank stock at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively. Non-marketable equity securities are recorded at amortized cost. 
  The following tables provide amortized cost, fair value, and gross unrealized gains and losses recognized in OCI by investment category at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  : 

92 

     Table of Contents  

At   September 30, 2016  , the carrying value of investment securities pledged to secure public and trust deposits, trading account liabilities, U.S. Treasury demand notes, and security repurchase agreements totaled   $6.0 billion  . There were no securities of a single issuer, which are not governmental or government-sponsored, that exceeded 10% of shareholders  equity at   September 30, 2016  . 
  The following tables provide detail on investment securities with unrealized losses aggregated by investment category and the length of time the individual securities have been in a continuous loss position, at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  : 

93 

     Table of Contents  

The following table is a summary of realized securities gains and losses for the   three-month   and   nine-month   periods ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  : 

Security Impairment 
  Huntington evaluates the available-for-sale securities portfolio on a quarterly basis for impairment. We conduct a comprehensive security-level assessment on all available-for-sale securities. Impairment would exist when the present value of the expected cash flows are not sufficient to recover the entire amortized cost basis at the balance sheet date. Under these circumstances, any impairment would be recognized in earnings. The contractual terms and/or cash flows of the investments do not permit the issuer to settle the securities at a price less than the amortized cost. Huntington does not intend to sell, nor does it believe it will be required to sell these securities until the amortized cost is recovered, which may be maturity.  
  The highest risk segment in our investment portfolio is the trust preferred CDO securities which are in the asset-backed securities portfolio.  This portfolio is in run off, and we have not purchased these types of securities since 2005. The fair values of the CDO assets have been impacted by various market conditions. The unrealized losses are primarily the result of wider liquidity spreads on asset-backed securities and the longer expected average lives of the trust-preferred CDO securities, due to changes in the expectations of when the underlying securities will be repaid. 
  Collateralized Debt Obligations   are backed by a pool of debt securities issued by financial institutions. The collateral generally consists of trust-preferred securities and subordinated debt securities issued by banks, bank holding companies, and insurance companies. Many collateral issuers have the option of deferring interest payments on their debt for up to five years. A full cash flow analysis is used to estimate fair values and assess impairment for each security within this portfolio. A third party pricing specialist with direct industry experience in pooled-trust-preferred security evaluations is engaged to provide assistance estimating the fair value and expected cash flows on this portfolio. The full cash flow analysis is completed by evaluating the relevant credit and structural aspects of each pooled-trust-preferred security in the portfolio, including collateral performance projections for each piece of collateral in the security and terms of the security s structure. The credit review includes an analysis of profitability, credit quality, operating efficiency, leverage, and liquidity using available financial and regulatory information for each underlying collateral issuer. The analysis also includes a review of historical industry default data, current / near-term operating conditions, and the impact of macroeconomic and regulatory changes. Using the results of our analysis, we estimate appropriate default and recovery probabilities for each piece of collateral then estimate the expected cash flows for each security. The fair value of each security is obtained by discounting the expected cash flows at a market discount rate. The market discount rate is determined by reference to yields observed in the market for similarly rated collateralized debt obligations, specifically high-yield collateralized loan obligations. The relatively high market discount rate is reflective of the uncertainty of the cash flows and illiquid nature of these securities. The large differential between the fair value and amortized cost of some of the securities reflects the high market discount rate and the expectation that the majority of the cash flows will not be received until near the final maturity of the security (the final maturities range from 2032 to 2035). 
  On December 10, 2013, the Federal Reserve, the OCC, the FDIC, the CFTC and the SEC issued final rules to implement the Volcker Rule contained in section 619 of the Dodd-Frank Act, generally to become effective on July 21, 2015. The Volcker Rule prohibits an insured depository institution and its affiliates (referred to as  banking entities ) from: (i) engaging in  proprietary trading  and (ii) investing in or sponsoring certain types of funds ( covered funds ) subject to certain limited exceptions. These prohibitions impact the ability of U.S. banking entities to provide investment management products and services that are competitive with nonbanking firms generally and with non-U.S. banking organizations in overseas markets. The rule also effectively prohibits short-term trading strategies by any U.S. banking entity if those strategies involve instruments other than those specifically permitted for trading.  On July 6, 2016, the Federal Reserve extended the conformance period under section 13 of the BHC Act for all banking entities to conform investments in, and relationships with, legacy covered funds until July 21, 2017. 
  On January 14, 2014, the   five   federal agencies approved an interim final rule to permit banking entities to retain interests in certain collateralized debt obligations backed primarily by trust preferred securities from the investment prohibitions of section 619 of the Volcker Rule. Under the interim final rule, the agencies permit the retention of an interest in or sponsorship of covered funds by banking entities if certain qualifications are met. In addition, the agencies released a non-exclusive list of issuers that meet the requirements of the interim final rule. At   September 30, 2016  , we had investments in   seven   different pools  
  
   94 

     Table of Contents  

of trust preferred securities.   Six   of our pools are included in the list of non-exclusive issuers. We have analyzed the ICONS pool that was not included on the list and believe that it is more likely than not that we will be able to hold the ICONS security to recovery under the final Volcker Rule regulations. 
    
  The following table summarizes the relevant characteristics of our CDO securities portfolio, which are included in asset-backed securities, at   September 30, 2016  . Each security is part of a pool of issuers and supports a more senior tranche of securities except for the MM Comm III securities which are the most senior class. 
  Collateralized Debt Obligation Data 
  September 30, 2016    
  (dollar amounts in thousands) 

(1) 
    Security was determined to have OTTI. As such, the book value is net of recorded credit impairment. 
              (2) 
    The majority of securities have been in a continuous loss position for 12 months or longer. 
              (3) 
    For purposes of comparability, the lowest credit rating expressed is equivalent to Fitch ratings even where the lowest rating is based on another nationally recognized credit rating agency. 
              (4) 
    Includes both banks and/or insurance companies. 
              (5) 
    Excess subordination percentage represents the additional defaults in excess of both current and projected defaults that the CDO can absorb before the bond experiences credit impairment. Excess subordinated percentage is calculated by (a) determining what percentage of defaults a deal can experience before the bond has credit impairment, and (b) subtracting from this default breakage percentage both total current and expected future default percentages. 
       
  For the   three-month and nine-month   periods ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , the following table summarizes by security type the total OTTI losses recognized in the Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income for securities evaluated for impairment as described above. 

The following table rolls forward the OTTI recognized in earnings on debt securities held by Huntington for the   three-month and nine-month   periods ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015   as follows: 
  
   95 

     Table of Contents  

6  .   HELD-TO-MATURITY SECURITIES    
  These are debt securities that Huntington has the intent and ability to hold until maturity. The debt securities are carried at amortized cost and adjusted for amortization of premiums and accretion of discounts using the interest method. 
    
  During 2015, Huntington transferred   $3.0 billion   of federal agencies, mortgage-backed securities and other agency securities from the available-for-sale securities portfolio to the held-to-maturity securities portfolio. At the time of the transfer,   $6 million   of unrealized net gains were recognized in OCI.  The amounts in OCI will be recognized in earnings over the remaining life of the securities as an offset to the adjustment of yield in a manner consistent with the amortization of the premium on the same transferred securities, resulting in an immaterial impact on net income. 
  Listed below are the contractual maturities (1 year or less, 1-5 years, 6-10 years, and over 10 years) of held-to-maturity securities at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  : 

The following table provides amortized cost, gross unrealized gains and losses, and fair value by investment category at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  : 
  
   96 

     Table of Contents  

The following tables provide detail on held-to-maturity securities with unrealized losses aggregated by investment category and the length of time the individual securities have been in a continuous loss position, at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  : 

Security Impairment 
  
   97 

     Table of Contents  

Huntington evaluates the held-to-maturity securities portfolio on a quarterly basis for impairment. Impairment would exist when the present value of the expected cash flows is not sufficient to recover the entire amortized cost basis at the balance sheet date. Under these circumstances, any impairment would be recognized in earnings. As of   September 30, 2016  , Management has evaluated held-to-maturity securities with unrealized losses for impairment and concluded   no   OTTI is required. 
   
  7  .   LOAN SALES AND SECURITIZATIONS    
  Residential Mortgage Loans 
  The following table summarizes activity relating to residential mortgage loans sold with servicing retained for the   three-month and nine-month   periods ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  : 

(1) 
    Recorded in mortgage banking income. 
     A MSR is established only when the servicing is contractually separated from the underlying mortgage loans by sale or securitization of the loans with servicing rights retained. At initial recognition, the MSR asset is established at its fair value using assumptions consistent with assumptions used to estimate the fair value of existing MSRs. At the time of initial capitalization, MSRs may be recorded using either the fair value method or the amortization method. The election of the fair value method or amortization method is made at the time each servicing class is established. Subsequently, servicing rights are accounted for based on the methodology chosen for each respective servicing class. Any increase or decrease in the fair value of MSRs carried under the fair value method, as well as amortization or impairment of MSRs recorded using the amortization method, during the period is recorded as an increase or decrease in mortgage banking income, which is reflected in noninterest income in the Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income. 
  The following tables summarize the changes in MSRs recorded using either the fair value method or the amortization method for the   three-month and nine-month   periods ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  : 

(1) 
    Represents decrease in value due to passage of time, including the impact from both regularly scheduled loan principal payments and partial loan paydowns. 
              (2) 
    Represents decrease in value associated with loans that paid off during the period. 
              (3) 
    Represents change in value resulting primarily from market-driven changes in interest rates and prepayment speeds. 
     
   98 

     Table of Contents  

MSRs do not trade in an active, open market with readily observable prices. While sales of MSRs occur, the precise terms and conditions are typically not readily available. Therefore, the fair value of MSRs is estimated using a discounted future cash flow model. The model considers portfolio characteristics, contractually specified servicing fees and assumptions related to prepayments, delinquency rates, late charges, other ancillary revenues, costs to service, and other economic factors. Changes in the assumptions used may have a significant impact on the valuation of MSRs. 
  MSR values are very sensitive to movements in interest rates as expected future net servicing income depends on the projected outstanding principal balances of the underlying loans, which can be greatly impacted by the level of prepayments. Huntington hedges the value of certain MSRs against changes in value attributable to changes in interest rates using a combination of derivative instruments and trading securities. 
  For MSRs under the fair value method, a summary of key assumptions and the sensitivity of the MSR value at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , to changes in these assumptions follows: 

For MSRs under the amortization method, a summary of key assumptions and the sensitivity of the MSR value at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , to changes in these assumptions follows: 

Total servicing, late and other ancillary fees included in mortgage banking income amounted to   $13 million   and   $12 million   for the three-month periods ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively.  For the   nine-month   periods ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , total net servicing fees included in mortgage banking income were   $36 million   and   $35 million  , respectively. The unpaid principal balance of residential mortgage loans serviced for third parties was   $18.6 billion   and   $16.2 billion   at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively. 
  Automobile Loans and Leases 
  Huntington has retained servicing responsibilities on sold automobile loans and receives annual servicing fees and other ancillary fees on the outstanding loan balances. Automobile loan servicing rights are accounted for using the amortization method. A servicing asset is established at fair value at the time of the sale. The servicing asset is then amortized against servicing income. Impairment, if any, is recognized when carrying value exceeds the fair value as determined by calculating the present value of expected net future cash flows. The primary risk characteristic for measuring servicing assets is payoff rates of  
  
   99 

     Table of Contents  

the underlying loan pools. Valuation calculations rely on the predicted payoff assumption and, if actual payoff is quicker than expected, then future value would be impaired. 
  Changes in the carrying value of automobile loan servicing rights for the   three-month and nine-month   periods ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , and the fair value at the end of each period were as follows: 

A summary of key assumptions and the sensitivity of the automobile loan servicing rights value to changes in these assumptions at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015   follows: 

Servicing income amounted to   $2 million   and   $4 million   for the three-month periods ending   September 30, 2016  , and   2015  , respectively. For the   nine-month   periods ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , total servicing income was   $6 million   and   $11 million  , respectively.  The unpaid principal balance of automobile loans serviced for third parties was   $0.4 billion   and   $0.9 billion   at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively. 
  Small Business Administration (SBA) Portfolio   
  The following table summarizes activity relating to SBA loans sold with servicing retained for the   three-month and nine-month   periods ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  : 

(1) 
    Recorded in gain on sale of loans. 
     Huntington has retained servicing responsibilities on sold SBA loans and receives annual servicing fees on the outstanding loan balances. SBA loan servicing rights are accounted for using the amortization method. A servicing asset is established at fair value at the time of the sale using a discounted future cash flow model. The servicing asset is then amortized against servicing income. Impairment, if any, is recognized when carrying value exceeds the fair value as determined by calculating the present value of expected net future cash flows. 
  The following tables summarize the changes in the carrying value of the servicing asset for the   three-month and nine-month   periods ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , and the fair value at the end of each period were as follows: 
  
   100 

     Table of Contents  

A summary of key assumptions and the sensitivity of the SBA loan servicing rights value to changes in these assumptions at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015   follows: 

Servicing income amounted to   $2 million   and   $2 million   for the three-month periods ending   September 30, 2016  , and   2015  , respectively. For the   nine-month   periods ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , total servicing income was   $7 million   and   $6 million  , respectively. The unpaid principal balance of SBA loans serviced for third parties was   $1.1 billion   and   $1.0 billion   at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively. 
   
  8  .   GOODWILL AND OTHER INTANGIBLE ASSETS    
  Business segments are based on segment leadership structure, which reflects how segment performance is monitored and assessed. We have   five   major business segments: Retail and Business Banking, Commercial Banking, Automobile Finance and Commercial Real Estate (AFCRE), Regional Banking and The Huntington Private Client Group (RBHPCG), and Home Lending. A Treasury / Other function includes, along with technology and operations, other unallocated assets, liabilities, revenue, and expense.  
  A rollforward of goodwill by business segment for the first   nine-month   period of   2016   is presented in the table below: 

On August 16, 2016, Huntington completed its acquisition of FirstMerit in a stock and cash transaction valued at approximately   $3.7 billion  . In connection with the acquisition, the Company recorded   $1.3 billion   of goodwill,   $310 million   core deposit intangible asset and   $95 million   of other intangible assets.  For additional information on the acquisition, see Acquisition of FirstMerit Corporation footnote. 
  During the 2016 third quarter, Huntington reclassified   $5 million   of goodwill in the Treasury/Other segment related to a held for sale disposal group at September 30, 2016. 
  Goodwill is not amortized but is evaluated for impairment on an annual basis at October 1 of each year or whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying value may not be recoverable.  
  At   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , Huntington s other intangible assets consisted of the following: 
  
   101 

     Table of Contents  

(1) 
    During the 2016 third quarter, certain commercial merchant relationships, which resulted in an intangible of   $14 million  , were contributed to a joint venture in which Huntington holds a minority interest.   
     The estimated amortization expense of other intangible assets for the remainder of   2016   and the next five years is as follows: 

9  .   LONG-TERM DEBT    
  Subordinated debt with a fair value of   $520 million   was acquired by Huntington as part of the FirstMerit acquisition.  See Acquisition of FirstMerit Corporation footnote for additional information on the method used to determine fair value. 
  In August 2016, Huntington issued   $1.0 billion   of senior notes at   99.849%   of face value. The senior notes mature on   January 14, 2022   and have a fixed coupon rate of   2.3%  .  At   September 30, 2016  , debt issuance costs of   $6 million   related to the note are reported on the balance sheet as a direct deduction from the face amount of the note.  
  In March 2016, Huntington issued   $1.0 billion   of senior notes at   99.803%   of face value. The senior notes mature on   March 14, 2021   and have a fixed coupon rate of   3.15%  .  At   September 30, 2016  , debt issuance costs of   $5 million   related to the note are reported on the balance sheet as a direct deduction from the face amount of the note.  
   
  10  .   OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME    
  The components of other comprehensive income for the three-month and   nine-month   periods ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , were as follows: 
  
   102 

     Table of Contents  

103 

     Table of Contents  

104 

     Table of Contents  

The following table presents activity in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax, for the   nine  -month periods ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  : 

(1) 
    Amounts at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015   include   $7 million   and   $9 million  , respectively, of net unrealized gains on securities transferred from the available-for-sale securities portfolio to the held-to-maturity securities portfolio. The net unrealized gains will be recognized in earnings over the remaining life of the security using the effective interest method. 
     
   105 

     Table of Contents  

The following table presents the reclassification adjustments out of accumulated OCI included in net income and the impacted line items as listed on the Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income for the   three-month and nine-month   periods ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  : 

106 

     Table of Contents  

11  .    SHAREHOLDERS  EQUITY    
  Preferred C Stock issued and outstanding 
  In connection with the FirstMerit acquisition, during the 2016 third quarter, Huntington issued   $100 million   of preferred stock.  As part of this transaction, Huntington issued   4,000,000   depositary shares, each representing a 1/40th ownership interest in a share of   5.875%   Series C Non-Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock (Preferred C Stock), par value   $0.01   per share, with a liquidation preference of   $1,000   per share (equivalent to   $25   per depositary share).  Each holder of a depositary share, will be entitled to all proportional rights and preferences of the Preferred C Stock (including dividend, voting, redemption, and liquidation rights).  
  Dividends on the Preferred C Stock will be non-cumulative and payable quarterly in arrears, when, as and if authorized by our board of directors or a duly authorized committee of our board and declared by us, at an annual rate of   5.875%   per year on the liquidation preference of   $1,000   per share, equivalent to   $25   per depositary share. The dividend payment dates will be the fifteenth day of each January, April, July and October, commencing on October 15, 2016, or the next business day if any such day is not a business day.   
  The Preferred C Stock is perpetual and has no maturity date. Huntington may redeem the Preferred C Stock at our option, (i) in whole or in part, from time to time, on any dividend payment date on or after October 15, 2021 or (ii) in whole but not in part, within   90   days following a regulatory capital treatment event, in each case, at a redemption price equal to   $1,000   per share (equivalent to   $25   per depositary share), plus any declared and unpaid dividends, without regard to any undeclared dividends, on the Series C Preferred Stock prior to the date fixed for redemption.  If Huntington redeems the Preferred C Stock, the depositary will redeem a proportional number of depositary shares. Neither the holders of Preferred C Stock nor holders of depositary shares will have the right to require the redemption or repurchase of the Preferred C Stock or the depositary shares.  
  
   107 

     Table of Contents  

Any redemption of the Preferred C Stock is subject to Huntington's receipt of any required prior approval by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System.   
  Preferred D Stock issued and outstanding 
  During the 2016 first and second quarter, Huntington issued   $400 million   and   $200 million   of preferred stock, respectively.  As part of these transactions, Huntington issued   24,000,000   depositary shares, each representing a 1/40th ownership interest in a share of   6.250%   Series D Non-Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock (Preferred D Stock), par value   $0.01   per share, with a liquidation preference of   $1,000   per share (equivalent to   $25   per depositary share).  Each holder of a depositary share, will be entitled to all proportional rights and preferences of the Preferred D Stock (including dividend, voting, redemption, and liquidation rights).  Costs of   $15 million   related to the issuance of the Preferred D Stock are reported as a direct deduction from the face amount of the stock.   
  Dividends on the Preferred D Stock will be non-cumulative and payable quarterly in arrears, when, as and if authorized by our board of directors or a duly authorized committee of our board and declared by us, at an annual rate of   6.25%   per year on the liquidation preference of   $1,000   per share, equivalent to   $25   per depositary share. The dividend payment dates will be the fifteenth day of each January, April, July and October, commencing on July 15, 2016, or the next business day if any such day is not a business day.   
  The Preferred D Stock is perpetual and has no maturity date. Huntington may redeem the Preferred D Stock at our option, (i) in whole or in part, from time to time, on any dividend payment date on or after April 15, 2021 or (ii) in whole but not in part, within   90   days following a regulatory capital treatment event, in each case, at a redemption price equal to   $1,000   per share (equivalent to   $25   per depositary share), plus any declared and unpaid dividends and, in the case of a redemption following a regulatory capital treatment event, the pro rated portion of dividends, whether or not declared, for the dividend period in which such redemption occurs. Notwithstanding the foregoing, pursuant to a commitment we have made to the Federal Reserve, for at least five years after the date of the issuance of depositary shares offered by the prospectus supplement, we will not redeem or repurchase the Preferred D Stock, whether issued on March 21, 2016 or on the date of the issuance of the depositary shares offered by the prospectus supplement.  If Huntington redeems the Preferred D Stock, the depositary will redeem a proportional number of depositary shares. Neither the holders of Preferred D Stock nor holders of depositary shares will have the right to require the redemption or repurchase of the Preferred D Stock or the depositary shares. Any redemption of the Preferred D Stock is subject to Huntington's receipt of any required prior approval by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System.   
  2016 Comprehensive Capital Analysis and Review (CCAR) 
  On June 29, 2016, Huntington announced that the Federal Reserve did not object to the proposed capital actions included in Huntington's capital plan submitted to the Federal Reserve in April 2016 as part of the 2016 Comprehensive Capital Analysis and Review (CCAR). These actions included an increase in the quarterly dividend per common share to   $0.08  , starting in the fourth quarter of 2016. Huntington s capital plan also included the issuance of capital in connection with the acquisition of FirstMerit Corporation and continues the previously announced suspension of the company s 2015 share repurchase program. 
  2015 Share Repurchase Program 
  During the three-month period ended September 30, 2015, Huntington repurchased a total of   6.8 million   shares of common stock at a weighted average share price of   $10.66  .  During the nine-month period ended September 30, 2015 Huntington repurchased a total of   20.5 million   shares of common stock at a weighted average share price of   $10.76  . 

12  .    EARNINGS PER SHARE    
  Basic earnings per share is the amount of earnings (adjusted for dividends declared on preferred stock) available to each share of common stock outstanding during the reporting period. Diluted earnings per share is the amount of earnings available to each share of common stock outstanding during the reporting period adjusted to include the effect of potentially dilutive common shares. Potentially dilutive common shares include incremental shares issued for stock options, restricted stock units and awards, distributions from deferred compensation plans, and the conversion of the Company s convertible preferred. Potentially dilutive common shares are excluded from the computation of diluted earnings per share in periods in which the effect would be antidilutive. For diluted earnings per share, net income available to common shares can be affected by the conversion of the Company s convertible preferred stock. Where the effect of this conversion would be dilutive, net income available to common shareholders is adjusted by the associated preferred dividends and deemed dividend. The calculation of basic and diluted earnings per share for the   three and nine  -month periods ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , was as follows: 
  
   108 

     Table of Contents  

For the three-month periods ended   September 30, 2016   and 2015, approximately   3.5 million   and   1.7 million  , respectively, of options to purchase shares of common stock were not included in the computation of diluted earnings per share because the effect would be antidilutive. For the   nine  -month periods ended   September 30, 2016   and 2015, approximately   3.3 million   and   1.5 million   were not included, respectively. 
   
  13  .   SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION    
  As a result of the FirstMerit Acquisition on August 16, 2016, Huntington assumed   916 thousand   outstanding FirstMerit restricted stock awards (RSAs) and   807 thousand   outstanding FirstMerit performance share awards (PSAs).  Each FirstMerit RSA and PSA granted on or following January 25, 2016 was assumed and converted into a RSA or PSA award relating to shares of Huntington common stock, with the same terms and conditions as were applicable under such award prior to the acquisition.                               

The following table summarizes the status of Huntington s restricted stock awards, restricted stock units, and performance share awards as of   September 30, 2016  , and activity for the   nine  -month period ended   September 30, 2016  :   

14  .   BENEFIT PLANS    
  
   109 

     Table of Contents  

Huntington sponsors the Plan, a non-contributory defined benefit pension plan covering substantially all employees hired or rehired prior to January 1, 2010. The Plan, which was modified in 2013 and no longer accrues service benefits to participants, provides benefits based upon length of service and compensation levels. The funding policy of Huntington is to contribute an annual amount that is at least equal to the minimum funding requirements but not more than the amount deductible under the Internal Revenue Code. There is no required minimum contribution for   2016  .  During the 2013 third quarter, the board of directors approved, and management communicated, a curtailment of the Company s pension plan effective December 31, 2013. Although not required, Huntington made a   $150 million   contribution to the Plan in the third quarter of 2016.  
  In addition, Huntington has an unfunded defined benefit post-retirement plan that provides certain healthcare and life insurance benefits to retired employees who have attained the age of   55   and have at least   10   years of vesting service under this plan. For additional information on benefit plans, see the Benefit Plan footnote in our   2015   Form 10-K. 
  On January 1, 2015, Huntington terminated the Company sponsored retiree health care plan for Medicare eligible retirees and their dependents. Instead, Huntington partnered with a third party to assist the retirees and their dependents in selecting individual policies from a variety of carriers on a private exchange. This plan amendment resulted in a remeasurement of the liability at the approval date and a reduction of expense over the estimated life of plan participants. 
  As part of the FirstMerit acquisition, Huntington agreed to assume and honor all FirstMerit benefit plans. The FirstMerit Pension Plan was frozen for nonvested employees and closed to new entrants after December 31, 2006.  Effective December 31, 2012, the FirstMerit Pension Plan was frozen for vested employees.  At the time of acquisition, the benefit obligation was   $330 million   and the fair value of assets was   $280 million  .  In addition, FirstMerit had a post retirement benefit plan which provided medical and life insurance for retired employees.  At the time of acquisition, the benefit obligation was   $7 million  .   
  The following table shows the components of net periodic benefit expense for all plans: 

(2) 
    During the 2015 third quarter, Huntington transferred the retiree life insurance obligation in a non-participating contract to an insurance carrier. 
              (3) 
    Includes expense associated with FirstMerit plans. 
     Fair value of plan assets consisted of the following investments at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  : 
  
   110 

     Table of Contents  

(1) 
    Includes assets associated with the FirstMerit Pension Plan totaling   $279 million  . 
     Investments of the Plan are accounted for at cost on the trade date and are reported at fair value. The valuation methodologies used to measure the fair value of pension plan assets vary depending on the type of asset.  At   September 30, 2016   and December 31, 2015, equities and money market funds are classified as Level 1; mutual funds-fixed income, corporate obligations, U.S. government obligations, and U.S. government agencies are classified as Level 2; and limited partnerships are classified as Level 3. 
  In general, investments of the Plan are exposed to various risks such as interest rate risk, credit risk, and overall market volatility. Due to the level of risk associated with certain investments, it is reasonably possible changes in the values of investments will occur in the near-term and such changes could materially affect the amounts reported in the Plan assets. 
  Huntington also sponsors other nonqualified retirement plans, the most significant being the SERP and the SRIP. The SERP provides certain former officers and directors, and the SRIP provides certain current and former officers and directors of Huntington and its subsidiaries with defined pension benefits in excess of limits imposed by federal tax law. During the 2013 third quarter, the board of directors approved, and management communicated, a curtailment of the Company s SRIP plan effective December 31, 2013. 
  Huntington has a defined contribution plan that is available to eligible employees. Huntington   matches participant contributions, up to the first 4%   of base pay contributed to the defined contribution plan.  For   2015  , a discretionary   profit-sharing contribution equal to 1% of eligible participants  2015   base pay was awarded during the 2016 first quarter.  
  The following table shows the costs of providing the SERP, SRIP, and defined contribution plans: 

15  .   FAIR VALUES OF ASSETS AND LIABILITIES    
  During the 2016 third quarter, management elected the fair value option for consumer loans with deteriorated credit quality acquired from FirstMerit in accordance with ASC 825. Management decided to elect the fair value option on these consumer loans to bring operational efficiencies not normally associated with purchased credit impaired loans.  The consumer loans are classified as Level 3.  The key assumptions used to determine the fair value of the consumer loans included projections of expected losses, prepayment of the underlying loans in the portfolio, and a market assumption of interest rate spreads.  
  
   111 

     Table of Contents  

See Note 17  Fair Value of Assets and Liabilities  to the consolidated financial statements of the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015 for a description of additional valuation methodologies for assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring and non-recurring basis. Assets and liabilities measured at fair value rarely transfer between Level 1 and Level 2 measurements. There were no such transfers during the   three-month and nine-month   periods ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  . 
  Assets and Liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis 
  Assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015   are summarized below: 

112 

     Table of Contents  

(1) 
    Amounts represent the impact of legally enforceable master netting agreements that allow the Company to settle positive and negative positions and cash collateral held or placed with the same counterparties. 
     The tables below present a rollforward of the balance sheet amounts for the   three-month and nine-month   periods ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , for financial instruments measured on a recurring basis and classified as Level 3. The classification of an item as Level 3 is based on the significance of the unobservable inputs to the overall fair value measurement. However, Level 3 measurements may also include observable components of value that can be validated externally. Accordingly, the gains and losses in the table below include changes in fair value due in part to observable factors that are part of the valuation methodology. 
  
   113 

     Table of Contents  

(1) Transfers out of Level 3 represent the settlement value of the derivative instruments (i.e. interest rate lock agreements) that 
  is transferred to loans held for sale, which is classified as Level 2. 

114 

     Table of Contents  

(1)  Transfers out of Level 3 represent the settlement value of the derivative instruments (i.e. interest rate lock agreements) that is transferred to loans held for sale, which is classified as Level 2. 

115 

     Table of Contents  

The tables below summarize the classification of gains and losses due to changes in fair value, recorded in earnings for Level 3 assets and liabilities for the   three-month and nine-month   periods ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  : 

116 

     Table of Contents  

Assets and liabilities under the fair value option 
  The following table presents the fair value and aggregate principal balance of certain assets and liabilities under the fair value option: 

The following tables present the net gains (losses) from fair value changes, including net gains (losses) associated with instrument specific credit risk for the   three-month and nine-month   periods ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  : 

Assets and Liabilities measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis 
  Certain assets and liabilities may be required to be measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis in periods subsequent to their initial recognition. These assets and liabilities are not measured at fair value on an ongoing basis; however, they are subject to fair value adjustments in certain circumstances, such as when there is evidence of impairment. Assets measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis were as follows: 

117 

     Table of Contents  

MSRs accounted for under the amortization method are subject to nonrecurring fair value measurement when the fair value is lower than the carrying amount. 
  Periodically, Huntington records nonrecurring adjustments of collateral-dependent loans measured for impairment when establishing the ACL. Such amounts are generally based on the fair value of the underlying collateral supporting the loan. Appraisals are generally obtained to support the fair value of the collateral and incorporate measures such as recent sales prices for comparable properties and cost of construction. In cases where the carrying value exceeds the fair value of the collateral less cost to sell, an impairment charge is recognized. 
  Other real estate owned properties are included in accrued income and other assets and valued based on appraisals and third party price opinions, less estimated selling costs. 
  The appraisals supporting the fair value of the collateral to recognize loan impairment or unrealized loss on other real estate owned properties may not have been obtained as of   September 30, 2016  . 
  Significant unobservable inputs for assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring and nonrecurring basis 
  The table below presents quantitative information about the significant unobservable inputs for assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring and nonrecurring basis at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  : 

118 

     Table of Contents  

The following provides a general description of the impact of a change in an unobservable input on the fair value measurement and the interrelationship between unobservable inputs, where relevant/significant. Interrelationships may also exist between observable and unobservable inputs. Such relationships have not been included in the discussion below. 
  A significant change in the unobservable inputs may result in a significant change in the ending fair value measurement of Level 3 instruments. In general, prepayment rates increase when market interest rates decline and decrease when market interest rates rise and higher prepayment rates generally result in lower fair values for MSR assets, Private-label CMO securities, Asset-backed securities, and Automobile loans. 
  Credit loss estimates, such as probability of default, constant default, cumulative default, loss given default, cure given deferral, and loss severity, are driven by the ability of the borrowers to pay their loans and the value of the underlying collateral and are impacted by changes in macroeconomic conditions, typically increasing when economic conditions worsen and decreasing when conditions improve. An increase in the estimated prepayment rate typically results in a decrease in estimated credit losses and vice versa. Higher credit loss estimates generally result in lower fair values. Credit spreads generally increase when liquidity risks and market volatility increase and decrease when liquidity conditions and market volatility improve. 
  Discount rates and spread over forward interest rate swap rates typically increase when market interest rates increase and/or credit and liquidity risks increase and decrease when market interest rates decline and/or credit and liquidity conditions improve. Higher discount rates and credit spreads generally result in lower fair market values. 
  Net market price and pull through percentages generally increase when market interest rates increase and decline when market interest rates decline. Higher net market price and pull through percentages generally result in higher fair values. 
  
   119 

     Table of Contents  

Fair values of financial instruments 
  The following table provides the carrying amounts and estimated fair values of Huntington s financial instruments that are carried either at fair value or cost at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  : 

The following table presents the level in the fair value hierarchy for the estimated fair values of only Huntington s financial instruments that are not already on the Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets at fair value at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  : 

The short-term nature of certain assets and liabilities result in their carrying value approximating fair value. These include trading account securities, customers  acceptance liabilities, short-term borrowings, bank acceptances outstanding, FHLB advances, and cash and short-term assets, which include cash and due from banks, interest-bearing deposits in banks, and federal funds sold and securities purchased under resale agreements. Loan commitments and letters-of-credit generally have short-term, variable-rate features and contain clauses that limit Huntington s exposure to changes in customer credit quality. Accordingly, their carrying values, which are immaterial at the respective balance sheet dates, are reasonable estimates of fair value. Not all the financial instruments listed in the table above are subject to the disclosure provisions of ASC Topic 820. 
  
   120 

     Table of Contents  

Certain assets, the most significant being operating lease assets, bank owned life insurance, and premises and equipment, do not meet the definition of a financial instrument and are excluded from this disclosure. Similarly, mortgage and nonmortgage servicing rights, deposit base, and other customer relationship intangibles are not considered financial instruments and are not included above. Accordingly, this fair value information is not intended to, and does not, represent Huntington s underlying value. Many of the assets and liabilities subject to the disclosure requirements are not actively traded, requiring fair values to be estimated by Management. These estimations necessarily involve the use of judgment about a wide variety of factors, including but not limited to, relevancy of market prices of comparable instruments, expected future cash flows, and appropriate discount rates. 
  The following methods and assumptions were used by Huntington to estimate the fair value of the remaining classes of financial instruments: 
  Held-to-maturity securities 
  Fair values are determined by using models that are based on security-specific details, as well as relevant industry and economic factors. The most significant of these inputs are quoted market prices, and interest rate spreads on relevant benchmark securities. 
  Loans and Direct Financing Leases 
  Variable-rate loans that reprice frequently are based on carrying amounts, as adjusted for estimated credit losses. The fair values for other loans and leases are estimated using discounted cash flow analyses and employ interest rates currently being offered for loans and leases with similar terms. The rates take into account the position of the yield curve, as well as an adjustment for prepayment risk, operating costs, and profit. This value is also reduced by an estimate of expected losses and the credit risk associated in the loan and lease portfolio. The valuation of the loan portfolio reflected discounts that Huntington believed are consistent with transactions occurring in the marketplace. 
  Deposits 
  Demand deposits, savings accounts, and money market deposits are, by definition, equal to the amount payable on demand. The fair values of fixed-rate time deposits are estimated by discounting cash flows using interest rates currently being offered on certificates with similar maturities. 
  Debt 
  Long-term debt is based upon quoted market prices, which are inclusive of Huntington s credit risk. In the absence of quoted market prices, discounted cash flows using market rates for similar debt with the same maturities are used in the determination of fair value. 
   
  16  .   DERIVATIVE FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS    
  Derivative financial instruments are recorded in the Consolidated Balance Sheet as either an asset or a liability (in accrued income and other assets or accrued expenses and other liabilities, respectively) and measured at fair value. 
  Derivative financial instruments can be designated as accounting hedges under GAAP. Designating a derivative as an accounting hedge allows Huntington to recognize gains and losses, less any ineffectiveness, in the income statement within the same period that the hedged item affects earnings. Gains and losses on derivatives that are not designated to an effective hedge relationship under GAAP immediately impact earnings within the period they occur. 
  Derivatives used in Asset and Liability Management Activities 
  Huntington engages in balance sheet hedging activity, principally for asset liability management purposes, to convert fixed rate assets or liabilities into floating rate or vice versa. Balance sheet hedging activity is arranged to receive hedge accounting treatment and is classified as either fair value or cash flow hedges. Fair value hedges are purchased to convert deposits and subordinated and other long-term debt from fixed-rate obligations to floating rate. Cash flow hedges are also used to convert floating rate loans made to customers into fixed rate loans. 
  
   121 

     Table of Contents  

The following table presents the gross notional values of derivatives used in Huntington s asset and liability management activities at   September 30, 2016  , identified by the underlying interest rate-sensitive instruments: 

The following table presents additional information about the interest rate swaps used in Huntington s asset and liability management activities at   September 30, 2016  : 

These derivative financial instruments were entered into for the purpose of managing the interest rate risk of assets and liabilities. Consequently, net amounts receivable or payable on contracts hedging either interest earning assets or interest bearing liabilities were accrued as an adjustment to either interest income or interest expense.  The net amounts resulted in an increase to net interest income of   $18 million   and   $28 million   for the three-month periods ended   September 30, 2016  , and   2015  , respectively.  For the   nine  -month periods ended   September 30, 2016  , and   2015  , the net amounts resulted in an increase to net interest income of   $58 million   and   $79 million  , respectively. 
  In connection with the sale of Huntington s Class B Visa        shares, Huntington entered into a swap agreement with the purchaser of the shares. The swap agreement adjusts for dilution in the conversion ratio of Class B shares resulting from the Visa        litigation. At   September 30, 2016  , the fair value of the swap liability of   $7 million   is an estimate of the exposure liability based upon Huntington s assessment of the potential Visa        litigation losses. 
  The following table presents the fair values at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015   of Huntington s derivatives that are designated and not designated as hedging instruments. Amounts in the table below are presented gross without the impact of any net collateral arrangements: 
  Asset derivatives included in accrued income and other assets: 

Liability derivatives included in accrued expenses and other liabilities: 
  
   122 

     Table of Contents  

The changes in fair value of the fair value hedges are, to the extent that the hedging relationship is effective, recorded through earnings and offset against changes in the fair value of the hedged item. 
  The following table presents the change in fair value for derivatives designated as fair value hedges as well as the offsetting change in fair value on the hedged item for the   three-month and nine-month   periods ended   September 30, 2016  , and   2015  : 

(1) 
    Effective portion of the hedging relationship is recognized in Interest expense deposits in the Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income. Any resulting ineffective portion of the hedging relationship is recognized in noninterest income in the Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income. 
              (2) 
    Effective portion of the hedging relationship is recognized in Interest expense subordinated notes and other long-term debt in the Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income. Any resulting ineffective portion of the hedging relationship is recognized in noninterest income in the Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income. 
     The following table presents the gains and (losses) recognized in OCI and the location in the Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income of gains and (losses) reclassified from OCI into earnings for derivatives designated as effective cash flow hedges: 
                                                 Derivatives in cash flow hedging relationships 
    Amount of gain or 
  (loss) recognized in 
  OCI on derivatives 
  (effective portion) 
  (after-tax) 
      
    Location of gain or (loss) reclassified from 
  accumulated OCI into earnings (effective portion) 
      
    Amount of (gain) or loss 
  reclassified from 
  accumulated OCI 
  into earnings 
  (effective portion) 
        
    Three months ended September 30, 

Three months ended September 30, 
      (dollar amounts in thousands) 
    2016 
      
    2015 

2016 
      
    2015 
      Interest rate contracts 

Loans 
    $ 
    (5,311 
    ) 
      
    $ 
    8,301 

Interest and fee income - loans and leases 
      
    $ 
    123 

$ 
    (73 
    ) 
      Investment Securities 

Noninterest income - other income 

Total 
    $ 
    (5,311 
    ) 
      
    $ 
    8,301 

$ 
    123 

$ 
    (73 
    ) 

123 

     Table of Contents  

Reclassified gains and losses on swaps related to loans and investment securities and swaps related to subordinated debt are recorded within interest income and interest expense, respectively. During the next twelve months, Huntington expects to reclassify to earnings of   $1 million   after-tax unrealized gains on cash flow hedging derivatives currently in OCI. 
  To the extent these derivatives are effective in offsetting the variability of the hedged cash flows, changes in the derivatives  fair value will not be included in current earnings but are reported as a component of OCI in the Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Shareholders  Equity. These changes in fair value will be included in earnings of future periods when earnings are also affected by the changes in the hedged cash flows. To the extent these derivatives are not effective, changes in their fair values are immediately included in noninterest income. 
  The following table presents the gains and (losses) recognized in noninterest income on the ineffective portion on interest rate contracts for derivatives designated as cash flow hedges for the   three and nine  -month periods ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  : 

Derivatives used in mortgage banking activities 
  Mortgage loan origination hedging activity 
    
  Huntington s mortgage origination hedging activity is related to the hedging of the mortgage pricing commitments to customers and the secondary sale to third parties.  The value of a newly originated mortgage is not firm until the interest rate is committed or locked. The interest rate lock commitments are derivative positions offset by forward commitments to sell loans.   
    
  Huntington uses two types of mortgage-backed securities in its forward commitment to sell loans.  The first type of forward commitment is a  To Be Announced  (or TBA), the second is a  Specified Pool  mortgage-backed security. Huntington uses these derivatives to hedge the value of mortgage-backed securities until they are sold.  
  The following table summarizes the derivative assets and liabilities used in mortgage banking activities: 
  
   124 

     Table of Contents  

MSR hedging activity 
  Huntington s MSR economic hedging activity uses securities and derivatives to manage the value of the MSR asset and to mitigate the various types of risk inherent in the MSR asset, including risks related to duration, basis, convexity, volatility, and yield curve. The hedging instruments include forward commitments, interest rate swaps, and options on interest rate swaps.   
  The total notional value of these derivative financial instruments at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , was   $0.2 billion   and   $0.5 billion  , respectively.  The total notional amount at   September 30, 2016  , corresponds to trading assets with a fair value of   $8 million   and trading liabilities with a fair value of   $1 million  .  Net trading gains and (losses) related to MSR hedging for the three-month periods ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , were   $(1) million   and   $6 million  , and   $17 million   and   $2 million   for the   nine  -month periods ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively.  These amounts are included in mortgage banking income in the Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income. 
  Derivatives used in trading activities 
  Various derivative financial instruments are offered to enable customers to meet their financing and investing objectives and for their risk management purposes. Derivative financial instruments used in trading activities consisted of commodity, interest rate, and foreign exchange contracts. The derivative contracts grant the option holder the right to buy or sell an underlying financial instrument for a predetermined price before the contract expires. Huntington may enter into offsetting third-party contracts with approved, reputable counterparties with substantially matching terms and currencies in order to economically hedge significant exposure related to derivatives used in trading activities. 
  The interest rate risk of customer derivatives is mitigated by entering into similar derivatives having offsetting terms with other counterparties. The credit risk to these customers is evaluated and included in the calculation of fair value. Foreign currency derivatives help the customer hedge risk and reduce exposure to fluctuations in exchange rates. Transactions are primarily in liquid currencies with Canadian dollars and Euros comprising a majority of all transactions. 
  The net fair values of these derivative financial instruments, for which the gross amounts are included in accrued income and other assets or accrued expenses and other liabilities at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , were   $76 million   and   $76 million  , respectively.  The total notional values of derivative financial instruments used by Huntington on behalf of customers, including offsetting derivatives, were   $19.6 billion   and   $14.6 billion   at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively.  Huntington s exposure to credit risk from interest rate swaps used for trading purposes was   $391 million   and   $224 million   at the same dates, respectively.   
  Share Swap Economic Hedge 
  Huntington acquires and holds shares of Huntington common stock in a Rabbi Trust for the Executive Deferred Compensation Plan.  Huntington common stock held in the Rabbi Trust is recorded at cost and the corresponding deferred compensation liability is recorded at fair value using Huntington's share price as a significant input. 
  During the second quarter of 2016, Huntington entered into an economic hedge with a   $20 million   notional amount to hedge deferred compensation expense related to the Executive Deferred Compensation Plan.  The economic hedge is recorded at fair value within other assets or liabilities.  Changes in the fair value are recorded directly through other noninterest expense in the Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income.  At September 30, 2016, the fair value of the share swap was   $2 million  .  
    
  Risk Participation Agreements 
  
   125 

     Table of Contents  

Huntington periodically enters into risk participation agreement in order to manage credit risk of its derivative positions. These agreements transfer counterparty credit risk related to interest rate swaps to and from other financial institutions.  Huntington can mitigate exposure to certain counterparties or take on exposure to generate additional income.  Huntington s notional exposure for interest rate swaps originated by other financial institutions was   $560 million   and   $344 million   at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively.  Huntington will make payments under these agreements if a customer defaults on its obligation to perform under the terms of the underlying interest rate derivative contract.  The amount Huntington will have to pay if all counterparties defaulted on their swap contracts is the fair value of these risk participations, which was   $12 million   and   $6 million   at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively. These contracts mature between 2016 and 2043 and are deemed investment grade. 
  Financial assets and liabilities that are offset in the Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets 
  Huntington records derivatives at fair value as further described in Note   15  . Huntington records these derivatives net of any master netting arrangement in the Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. Collateral agreements are regularly entered into as part of the underlying derivative agreements with Huntington s counterparties to mitigate counterparty credit risk. 
  All derivatives are carried on the Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets at fair value. Derivative balances are presented on a net basis taking into consideration the effects of legally enforceable master netting agreements. Cash collateral exchanged with counterparties is also netted against the applicable derivative fair values. Huntington enters into derivative transactions with   two   primary groups: broker-dealers and banks, and Huntington s customers. Different methods are utilized for managing counterparty credit exposure and credit risk for each of these groups. 
  Huntington enters into transactions with broker-dealers and banks for various risk management purposes. These types of transactions generally are high dollar volume. Huntington enters into bilateral collateral and master netting agreements with these counterparties, and routinely exchange cash and high quality securities collateral with these counterparties. Huntington enters into transactions with customers to meet their financing, investing, payment and risk management needs. These types of transactions generally are low dollar volume. Huntington generally enters into master netting agreements with customer counterparties, however collateral is generally not exchanged with customer counterparties. 
  At   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , aggregate credit risk associated with these derivatives, net of collateral that has been pledged by the counterparty, was   $28 million   and   $15 million  , respectively. The credit risk associated with interest rate swaps is calculated after considering master netting agreements with broker-dealers and banks. 
  At   September 30, 2016  , Huntington pledged   $251 million   of investment securities and cash collateral to counterparties, while other counterparties pledged   $115 million   of investment securities and cash collateral to Huntington to satisfy collateral netting agreements. In the event of credit downgrades, Huntington would not be required to provide additional collateral. 
  The following tables present the gross amounts of these assets and liabilities with any offsets to arrive at the net amounts recognized in the Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  : 
  Offsetting of Financial Assets and Derivative Assets 

Offsetting of Financial Liabilities and Derivative Liabilities 
  
   126 

     Table of Contents  

17  .   VIEs    
  Consolidated VIEs 
  Consolidated VIEs at   September 30, 2016  , consisted of certain loan and lease securitization trusts. Huntington has determined the trusts are VIEs. Huntington has concluded that it is the primary beneficiary of these trusts because it has the power to direct the activities of the entity that most significantly affect the entity s economic performance and it has either the obligation to absorb losses of the entity that could potentially be significant to the VIE or the right to receive benefits from the entity that could potentially be significant to the VIE. During the 2015 first quarter, Huntington acquired   two   securitization trusts with its acquisition of Huntington Technology Finance. During the 2016 first quarter, Huntington canceled the Series 2012A Trust.  As a result, any remaining assets at the time of the cancellation were no longer part of the trust. 
  The following tables present the carrying amount and classification of the consolidated trusts  assets and liabilities that were included in the Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  : 

127 

     Table of Contents  

The loans and leases were designated to repay the securitized notes. Huntington services the loans and leases and uses the proceeds from principal and interest payments to pay the securitized notes during the amortization period. Huntington has not provided financial or other support that was not previously contractually required. 
  Unconsolidated VIEs 
  The following tables provide a summary of the assets and liabilities included in Huntington s Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements, as well as the maximum exposure to losses, associated with its interests related to unconsolidated VIEs for which Huntington holds an interest, but is not the primary beneficiary, to the VIE at   September 30, 2016  , and   December 31, 2015  : 

2015-1, 2012-1 and 2012-2 AUTOMOBILE TRUST 
  During the 2015 second quarter, 2012 fourth quarter and 2012 first quarter, we transferred automobile loans totaling   $0.8 billion  ,   $1.0 billion   and   $1.3 billion  , respectively, to trusts in securitization transactions. The securitizations and the resulting sale of all underlying securities qualified for sale accounting. The interest Huntington holds in the VIEs relates to servicing rights which are included within accrued income and other assets of Huntington s Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. The maximum exposure to loss is equal to the carrying value of the servicing asset. 
  
   128 

     Table of Contents  

During the 2016 first quarter, Huntington canceled the 2012-1 Automobile Trust. As a result, any remaining assets at the time of the cancellation were no longer part of the trust.  During the 2016 third quarter, Huntington canceled the 2012-2 Automobile Trust. As a result, any remaining assets at the time of the cancellation were no longer part of the trust.  
  TRUST PREFERRED SECURITIES 
  Huntington has certain wholly-owned trusts whose assets, liabilities, equity, income, and expenses are not included within Huntington s Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. These trusts have been formed for the sole purpose of issuing trust-preferred securities, from which the proceeds are then invested in Huntington junior subordinated debentures, which are reflected in Huntington s Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as subordinated notes. The trust securities are the obligations of the trusts, and as such, are not consolidated within Huntington s Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. A list of trust preferred securities outstanding at   September 30, 2016   follows: 

(1) 
    Represents the principal amount of debentures issued to each trust, including unamortized original issue discount. 
                 (5) 
    Variable effective rate (including impact of purchase accounting accretion) at   September 30, 2016  , based on   three-month LIBOR   +  1.33%  . 
     Each issue of the junior subordinated debentures has an interest rate equal to the corresponding trust securities distribution rate. Huntington has the right to defer payment of interest on the debentures at any time, or from time-to-time for a period not exceeding   five years   provided that no extension period may extend beyond the stated maturity of the related debentures. During any such extension period, distributions to the trust securities will also be deferred and Huntington s ability to pay dividends on its common stock will be restricted. Periodic cash payments and payments upon liquidation or redemption with respect to trust securities are guaranteed by Huntington to the extent of funds held by the trusts. The guarantee ranks subordinate and junior in right of payment to all indebtedness of the Company to the same extent as the junior subordinated debt. The guarantee does not place a limitation on the amount of additional indebtedness that may be incurred by Huntington. 
  LOW INCOME HOUSING TAX CREDIT PARTNERSHIPS 
  Huntington makes certain equity investments in various limited partnerships that sponsor affordable housing projects utilizing the Low Income Housing Tax Credit (LIHTC) pursuant to Section 42 of the Internal Revenue Code. The purpose of these investments is to achieve a satisfactory return on capital, to facilitate the sale of additional affordable housing product offerings, and to assist in achieving goals associated with the Community Reinvestment Act. The primary activities of the limited partnerships include the identification, development, and operation of multi family housing that is leased to qualifying residential tenants. Generally, these types of investments are funded through a combination of debt and equity. 
  Huntington uses the proportional amortization method to account for a majority of its investments in these entities. These investments are included in accrued income and other assets. Investments that do not meet the requirements of the proportional amortization method are recognized using the equity method. Investment gains/losses related to these investments are included in noninterest-income in the Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income. 
  The following table presents the balances of Huntington s affordable housing tax credit investments and related unfunded commitments at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  : 
  
   129 

     Table of Contents  

The following table presents other information relating to Huntington s affordable housing tax credit investments for the   three-month and nine-month   periods ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  : 

Huntington recognized immaterial impairment losses on tax credit investments during the   three-month and nine-month   periods ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  .  The impairment losses recognized related to the fair value of the tax credit investments that were less than carrying value. 
  OTHER INVESTMENTS 
  Other investments determined to be VIE s include investments in Historic Tax Credit Investments, Small Business Investment Companies, Rural Business Investment Companies, certain equity method investments and other miscellaneous investments. 
   
  18  .   COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENT LIABILITIES    
  Commitments to extend credit 
  In the ordinary course of business, Huntington makes various commitments to extend credit that are not reflected in the Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. The contract amounts of these financial agreements at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , were as follows: 

Commitments to extend credit generally have fixed expiration dates, are variable-rate, and contain clauses that permit Huntington to terminate or otherwise renegotiate the contracts in the event of a significant deterioration in the customer s credit quality. These arrangements normally require the payment of a fee by the customer, the pricing of which is based on prevailing market conditions, credit quality, probability of funding, and other relevant factors. Since many of these commitments are expected to expire without being drawn upon, the contract amounts are not necessarily indicative of future cash requirements. The interest rate risk arising from these financial instruments is insignificant as a result of their predominantly short-term, variable-rate nature. 
  
   130 

     Table of Contents  

Standby letters-of-credit are conditional commitments issued to guarantee the performance of a customer to a third party. These guarantees are primarily issued to support public and private borrowing arrangements, including commercial paper, bond financing, and similar transactions. Most of these arrangements mature within   two years  . The carrying amount of deferred revenue associated with these guarantees was   $8 million   and   $7 million   at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively. 
  Through the Company s credit process, Huntington monitors the credit risks of outstanding standby letters-of-credit. When it is probable that a standby letter-of-credit will be drawn and not repaid in full, losses are recognized in the provision for credit losses. At   September 30, 2016  , Huntington had   $644 million   of standby letters-of-credit outstanding, of which   81%   were collateralized. Included in this   $644 million   total are letters-of-credit issued by the Bank that support securities that were issued by customers and remarketed by The Huntington Investment Company, the Company s broker-dealer subsidiary. 
  Huntington uses an internal grading system to assess an estimate of loss on its loan and lease portfolio. This same loan grading system is used to monitor credit risk associated with standby letters-of-credit. Under this risk rating system as of   September 30, 2016  , approximately   $142 million   of the standby letters-of-credit were rated strong with sufficient asset quality, liquidity, and good debt capacity and coverage; approximately   $502 million   were rated average with acceptable asset quality, liquidity, and modest debt capacity; and   $0 million   were rated substandard with negative financial trends, structural weaknesses, operating difficulties, and higher leverage. 
  Commercial letters-of-credit represent short-term, self-liquidating instruments that facilitate customer trade transactions and generally have maturities of no longer than   90 days  . The goods or cargo being traded normally secures these instruments.  
  Commitments to sell loans 
  Activity related to our mortgage origination activity supports the hedging of the mortgage pricing commitments to customers and the secondary sale to third parties. At   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , Huntington had commitments to sell residential real estate loans of   $1.0 billion   and   $659 million  , respectively. These contracts mature in less than   one year  . 
  Litigation 
  The nature of Huntington s business ordinarily results in a certain amount of pending as well as threatened claims, litigation, investigations, regulatory and legal and administrative cases, matters and proceedings, all of which are considered incidental to the normal conduct of business. When the Company determines it has meritorious defenses to the claims asserted, it vigorously defends itself. The Company considers settlement of cases when, in Management s judgment, it is in the best interests of both the Company and its shareholders to do so. 
  On at least a quarterly basis, Huntington assesses its liabilities and contingencies in connection with threatened and outstanding legal cases, matters and proceedings, utilizing the latest information available. For cases, matters and proceedings where it is both probable the Company will incur a loss and the amount can be reasonably estimated, Huntington establishes an accrual for the loss. Once established, the accrual is adjusted as appropriate to reflect any relevant developments. For cases, matters or proceedings where a loss is not probable or the amount of the loss cannot be estimated, no accrual is established. 
  In certain cases, matters and proceedings, exposure to loss exists in excess of the accrual to the extent such loss is reasonably possible, but not probable. Management believes an estimate of the aggregate range of reasonably possible losses, in excess of amounts accrued, for current legal proceedings is from   $0   to approximately   $50 million   at   September 30, 2016  . For certain other cases, and matters, Management cannot reasonably estimate the possible loss at this time. Any estimate involves significant judgment, given the varying stages of the proceedings (including the fact that many of them are currently in preliminary stages), the existence of multiple defendants in several of the current proceedings whose share of liability has yet to be determined, the numerous unresolved issues in many of the proceedings, and the inherent uncertainty of the various potential outcomes of such proceedings. Accordingly, Management s estimate will change from time-to-time, and actual losses may be more or less than the current estimate. 
  While the final outcome of legal cases, matters, and proceedings is inherently uncertain, based on information currently available, advice of counsel, and available insurance coverage, Management believes that the amount it has already accrued is adequate and any incremental liability arising from the Company s legal cases, matters, or proceedings will not have a material negative adverse effect on the Company s consolidated financial position as a whole. However, in the event of unexpected future developments, it is possible that the ultimate resolution of these cases, matters, and proceedings, if unfavorable, may be material to the Company s consolidated financial position in a particular period. 
  
   131 

     Table of Contents  

Cyberco Litigation.    Huntington has been named a defendant in   two   lawsuits, arising from Huntington s commercial lending, depository, and equipment leasing relationships with Cyberco Holdings, Inc. (Cyberco), based in Grand Rapids, Michigan. In November 2004, an equipment leasing fraud was uncovered, whereby Cyberco sought financing from equipment lessors and financial institutions, including Huntington, allegedly to purchase computer equipment from Teleservices Group, Inc. (Teleservices). Cyberco created fraudulent documentation to close the financing transactions when, in fact, no computer equipment was ever purchased or leased from Teleservices, which later proved to be a shell corporation.  Bankruptcy proceedings for both Cyberco and Teleservices later ensued. 
  On March 30, 2012, the U.S. Bankruptcy Court for the Western District of Michigan issued an opinion determining Huntington was the initial transferee of the certain payments made payable to it and was a subsequent transferee of all deposits into Cyberco s accounts. The Bankruptcy Court ruled Cyberco s deposits were themselves transfers to Huntington under the Bankruptcy Code, and Huntington was liable for both the payments and the deposits, totaling approximately   $73 million  .  
  On September 28, 2015, the U.S. District Court for the Western District of Michigan entered a judgment against Huntington in the amount of   $72 million   plus costs and pre- and post-judgment interest. While Huntington has appealed the decision to the U.S. Sixth Circuit Court of Appeals and plans to continue to aggressively contest the claims of this complex case, Huntington increased its legal reserves by approximately   $38 million   in the 2015 third quarter to fully accrue for the amount of the judgment.  Oral argument was held in Huntington s appeal on September 29, 2016, and Huntington awaits a decision. 
    
  Powell v. Huntington National Bank.    Huntington is a defendant in a putative class action filed on October 15, 2013. The plaintiffs filed the action in West Virginia state court on behalf of themselves and other West Virginia mortgage loan borrowers who allege they were charged late fees in violation of West Virginia law and the loan documents. Plaintiffs seek statutory civil penalties, compensatory damages and attorney s fees. Huntington removed the case to federal court, answered the complaint, and, on January 17, 2014, filed a motion for judgment on the pleadings, asserting that West Virginia law is preempted by federal law and therefore does not apply to Huntington. Following further briefing by the parties, the federal district court denied Huntington s motion for judgment on the pleadings on September 26, 2014. On June 8, 2015, the Fourth Circuit Court of Appeals granted Huntington s motion for an interlocutory appeal of the district court s decision.  The matter was briefed and oral argument held, but after the oral argument, the Fourth Circuit dismissed the appeal as improvidently granted and remanded the case back to the district court for further proceedings.  The matter is moving forward in the trial court and Huntington has filed an early motion for summary judgment.  The discovery stay has been lifted, and the parties have engaged in discovery.  Trial is now set for January 24, 2017. 
    
  FirstMerit Merger Shareholder Litigation  .  Huntington is a defendant in   five   lawsuits filed in February and March of 2016 in state and federal courts in Ohio relating to the FirstMerit merger.  The plaintiffs in each case are FirstMerit shareholders and have filed class action and derivative claims seeking to enjoin the merger.  The plaintiffs also claim that the registration statement filed regarding the merger contained material omissions and/or misrepresentations and seek the filing of a revised registration statement, as well as money damages.  Specifically as to Huntington, the plaintiffs claim Huntington aided and abetted in alleged breaches of fiduciary duties by the FirstMerit board of directors in approving the merger, and in   one   complaint, allege that Huntington had direct involvement in making omissions and/or misrepresentations in the registration statement.  Huntington is preparing its defense to the complaints.  The state court cases have been consolidated and stayed pending the outcome of the federal court cases, and plaintiffs' motion for expedited discovery was denied.  The federal court cases have been consolidated and the defendants filed a joint motion to dismiss on numerous grounds.  The court stayed discovery pending the outcome of the defendants' motion to dismiss.  The plaintiffs filed a motion for preliminary injunction to delay the shareholder vote scheduled for June 13, 2016 on the basis that supplemental disclosures should be provided to the shareholders.  A hearing took place on the preliminary injunction motion for Friday, June 10.  The parties in the federal court cases have entered into a tentative settlement.  The defendants made agreed supplemental disclosures in advance of the shareholder vote in exchange for which plaintiffs agreed to withdraw their preliminary injunction motion and agreed to a release of all claims in the federal and state actions.  The parties have jointly moved for approval of the settlement by the federal court.  The plaintiffs in the state court cases did not join in the settlement, and one of them filed a motion to be appointed the lead plaintiff in the state cases, which the federal court has denied.  Should the settlement be approved, however, the claims in the state court cases will be released.   
    
  FirstMerit Overdraft Litigation.    Commencing in December 2010,   two   separate lawsuits were filed in the Summit County Court of Common Pleas and the Lake County Court of Common Pleas against FirstMerit. The complaints were brought as putative class actions on behalf of Ohio residents who maintained a checking account at FirstMerit and who incurred one or more overdraft fees as a result of the alleged re-sequencing of debit transactions. The lawsuit that had been filed in Summit County Court of Common Pleas was dismissed without prejudice on July 11, 2011. The remaining suit in Lake County seeks actual damages, disgorgement of overdraft fees, punitive damages, interest, injunctive relief, and attorney fees. In December  
  
   132 

     Table of Contents  

2012, the trial court issued an order certifying a proposed class and FirstMerit appealed the order to the Eleventh District Court of Appeals. In September 2013, the Eleventh District Court of Appeals affirmed in part and reversed in part the trial court's class certification order, and remanded the case back to the trial court for further consideration, in particular with respect to the class definition. The Ohio Supreme Court declined to accept jurisdiction. In August 2014, FirstMerit filed a motion asking the trial court to stay the lawsuit pending arbitration of claims subject to an arbitration agreement. On August 25, 2014, the parties stipulated to a revised class definition (without affecting the pending motion to stay).  An order approving the stipulated revised class was entered on June 3, 2016.  The trial court denied FirstMerit s motion to compel arbitration in August 2016 and FirstMerit filed a notice of appeal of that decision. 
   
  19  .   SEGMENT REPORTING    
  Our business segments are based on our internally-aligned segment leadership structure, which is how we monitor results and assess performance. We have   five   major business segments: Retail and Business Banking, Commercial Banking, Automobile Finance and Commercial Real Estate (AFCRE), Regional Banking and The Huntington Private Client Group (RBHPCG), and Home Lending. The Treasury / Other function includes our technology and operations, other unallocated assets, liabilities, revenue, and expense.  
  Business segment results are determined based upon our management reporting system, which assigns balance sheet and income statement items to each of the business segments. The process is designed around our organizational and management structure and, accordingly, the results derived are not necessarily comparable with similar information published by other financial institutions. Additionally, because of the interrelationships of the various segments, the information presented is not indicative of how the segments would perform if they operated as independent entities. 
  The management accounting policies and processes utilized in compiling segment financial information are highly subjective and, unlike financial accounting, are not based on authoritative guidance similar to GAAP. As a result, reported segment results are not necessarily comparable with similar information reported by other financial institutions. Furthermore, changes in management structure or allocation methodologies and procedures result in changes in reported segment financial data. Accordingly, certain amounts have been reclassified to conform to the current period presentation.  
  Revenue is recorded in the business segment responsible for the related product or service. Fee sharing is recorded to allocate portions of such revenue to other business segments involved in selling to, or providing service to customers. Results of operations for the business segments reflect these fee sharing allocations. 
  The management accounting process that develops the business segment reporting utilizes various estimates and allocation methodologies to measure the performance of the business segments. Expenses are allocated to business segments using a two-phase approach. The first phase consists of measuring and assigning unit costs (activity-based costs) to activities related to product origination and servicing. These activity-based costs are then extended, based on volumes, with the resulting amount allocated to business segments that own the related products. The second phase consists of the allocation of overhead costs to all   five   business segments from Treasury / Other. We utilize a full-allocation methodology, where all Treasury / Other expenses, except reported Significant Items, and a small amount of other residual unallocated expenses, are allocated to the   five   business segments. 
  We use an active and centralized Funds Transfer Pricing (FTP) methodology to attribute appropriate income to the business segments. The intent of the FTP methodology is to transfer interest rate risk from the business segments by providing matched duration funding of assets and liabilities. The result is to centralize the financial impact, management, and reporting of interest rate risk in the Treasury / Other function where it can be centrally monitored and managed. The Treasury / Other function charges (credits) an internal cost of funds for assets held in (or pays for funding provided by) each business segment. The FTP rate is based on prevailing market interest rates for comparable duration assets (or liabilities). 
  Retail and Business Banking   - The Retail and Business Banking segment provides a wide array of financial products and services to consumer and small business customers including but not limited to checking accounts, savings accounts, money market accounts, certificates of deposit, consumer loans, and small business loans. Other financial services available to consumer and small business customers include investments, insurance, interest rate risk protection, foreign exchange, and treasury management. Business Banking is defined as serving companies with revenues up to   $20 million   and consists of approximately   165,000   businesses. 
  Commercial Banking   - Through a relationship banking model, this segment provides a wide array of products and services to the middle market, large corporate, and government public sector customers located primarily within our geographic footprint. The segment is divided into   seven   business units: middle market, large corporate, specialty banking, asset finance, capital markets, treasury management, and insurance. 
  
   133 

     Table of Contents  

Automobile Finance and Commercial Real Estate   - This segment provides lending and other banking products and services to customers outside of our traditional retail and commercial banking segments. Our products and services include providing financing for the purchase of automobiles, light-duty trucks, recreational vehicles and marine craft at franchised dealerships, financing the acquisition of new and used vehicle inventory of franchised automotive dealerships, and financing for land, buildings, and other commercial real estate owned or constructed by real estate developers, automobile dealerships, or other customers with real estate project financing needs. Products and services are delivered through highly specialized relationship-focused bankers and product partners.  
  Regional Banking and The Huntington Private Client Group   - Regional Banking and The Huntington Private Client Group is closely aligned with our   eleven   regional banking markets.  The Huntington Private Client Group is organized into units consisting of The Huntington Private Bank, The Huntington Trust, and wealth investment advisors.  Our private banking, trust, and investment functions focus their efforts in our Midwest footprint and Florida. 
  Home Lending   - Home Lending originates and services consumer loans and mortgages for customers who are generally located in our primary banking markets. Consumer and mortgage lending products are primarily distributed through the Retail and Business Banking segment, as well as through commissioned loan originators. Home Lending earns interest on loans held in the warehouse and portfolio, earns fee income from the origination and servicing of mortgage loans, and recognizes gains or losses from the sale of mortgage loans. Home Lending supports the origination and servicing of mortgage loans across all segments. 
  Listed below is certain operating basis financial information reconciled to Huntington s   September 30, 2016  ,   December 31, 2015  , and   September 30, 2015  , reported results by business segment: 

134 

     Table of Contents  

Item 3: Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
  Quantitative and qualitative disclosures for the current period can be found in the Market Risk section of this report, which includes changes in market risk exposures from disclosures presented in Huntington s 2015 Form 10-K. 
   
  Item 4: Controls and Procedures 
  Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
  Huntington maintains disclosure controls and procedures designed to ensure that the information required to be disclosed in the reports that it files or submits under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, are recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by an issuer in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to the issuer s management, including its principal executive and principal financial officers, or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Huntington s Management, with the participation of its Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer, evaluated the effectiveness of Huntington s disclosure controls and procedures (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based upon such evaluation, Huntington s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that, as of the end of such period, Huntington s disclosure controls and procedures were effective. 
  There have not been any changes in Huntington s internal controls over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) during the fiscal quarter to which this report relates that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, Huntington s internal controls over financial reporting. 
  
   135 

Table of Contents  

PART II. OTHER INFORMATION 
  In accordance with the instructions to Part II, the other specified items in this part have been omitted because they are not applicable or the information has been previously reported. 
   
  Item 1: Legal Proceedings 
  Information required by this item is set forth in Note   18   of the Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 1 of this report and incorporated herein by reference. 
   
  Item 1A: Risk Factors 
  Information required by this item is set forth in Part 1 Item 2- Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations of this report and incorporated herein by reference. 
  
   136 

Table of Contents  

Item 6. Exhibits 
  Exhibit Index 
  This report incorporates by reference the documents listed below that we have previously filed with the SEC. The SEC allows us to incorporate by reference information in this document. The information incorporated by reference is considered to be a part of this document, except for any information that is superseded by information that is included directly in this document. 
  This information may be read and copied at the Public Reference Room of the SEC at 100 F Street, N.E., Washington, D.C. 20549. The SEC also maintains an Internet web site that contains reports, proxy statements, and other information about issuers, like us, who file electronically with the SEC. The address of the site is   http://www.sec.gov  . The reports and other information filed by us with the SEC are also available at our Internet web site. The address of the site is   http://www.huntington.com  . Except as specifically incorporated by reference into this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, information on those web sites is not part of this report. You also should be able to inspect reports, proxy statements, and other information about us at the offices of the NASDAQ National Market at 33 Whitehall Street, New York, New York. 

137 

     Table of Contents  

3.12 
      
    Articles Supplementary of Huntington Bancshares Incorporated, effective as of August 15, 2016. 
      
    Registration Statement on Form 8-A dated August 15, 2016 
      
    001-34073 
      
    3.12 

3.13 
      
    Bylaws of Huntington Bancshares Incorporated, as amended and restated, as of July 16, 2014. 
      
    Current Report on Form 8-K dated July 17, 2014 
      
    001-34073 
      
    3.1 

4.1 
      
    Instruments defining the Rights of Security Holders reference is made to Articles Fifth, Eighth, and Tenth of Articles of Restatement of Charter, as amended and supplemented. Instruments defining the rights of holders of long-term debt will be furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission upon request. 

10.1 
      
    * FirstMerit Corporation 2008 Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan 

10.2 
      
    * Amendment to the FirstMerit Corporation 2008 Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan 

10.3 
      
    * FirstMerit Corporation 2011 Equity Incentive Plan 

10.4 
      
    * FirstMerit Corporation 2011 Equity Incentive Plan Time-Based Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement 

10.5 
      
    * Retention Award for Sandy Pierce - Restricted Stock Unit (RSU) - Key Terms and Conditions - 2015 Long Term Incentive Plan 

31.1 
      
    **Rule 13a-14(a) Certification   Chief Executive Officer. 

31.2 
      
    **Rule 13a-14(a) Certification   Chief Financial Officer. 

32.1 
      
    ***Section 1350 Certification   Chief Executive Officer. 

32.2 
      
    ***Section 1350 Certification   Chief Financial Officer. 

101 
      
    **The following material from Huntington s Form 10-Q Report for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016, formatted in XBRL: (1) Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets, (2) Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income, (3) Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (4) Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statement of Changes in Shareholders  Equity, (5) Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, and (6) the Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 

* 
    Denotes management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement 
      ** 
    Filed herewith 
      *** 
    Furnished herewith 

138 

Table of Contents  

SIGNATURES 
  Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 
  Huntington Bancshares Incorporated 
  (Registrant) 

Date: 
    November 8, 2016 
      
    /s/ Stephen D. Steinour 

Stephen D. Steinour 

Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President 

Date: 
    November 8, 2016 
      
    /s/ Howell D. McCullough III 

Howell D. McCullough III 

Chief Financial Officer 

139 

<EX-10.1>
 2
 hban20160930_10qex101.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.1

Exhibit 

Exhibit 10.1 
    
  FIRSTMERIT CORPORATION 
  2008 SUPPLEMENTAL EXECUTIVE RETIREMENT PLAN  
  Effective as of January 1, 2008 (the  Effective Date ), the Company adopts this Plan for the benefit of a select group of management or highly compensated employees. The Plan is an unfunded arrangement and is intended to be exempt from the participation, vesting, funding and fiduciary requirements set forth in Title I of ERISA.  
  ARTICLE 1   DEFINITIONS  
  When used in this Plan, the following words, terms and phrases have the meanings given to them in this Article unless another meaning is expressly provided elsewhere in this document. When applying these definitions and any other word, term or phrase used in this Plan, the form of any word, term or phrase will include any and all of its other forms.  
  1.01    Account    means the bookkeeping account established for each Participant as provided in Section 5.01 hereof.  
  1.02    Affiliate    means any person that, along with the Company, would be considered a single employer under Sections 414(b) and 414(c) of the Code.  
  1.03    Aggregated Plan    means any arrangement that, along with this Plan, would be treated as a single nonqualified deferred compensation plan under Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-1(c)(2).  
  1.04    Board    means the Board of Directors of the Company.  
  1.05    Cause    means  cause  as defined in any written agreement between the Participant and the Company or any Affiliate or, if there is no written agreement or such term is not defined therein,  Cause  means one or more of the following acts of the Participant:  
  (a) Any act of fraud, intentional misrepresentation, embezzlement, misappropriation or conversion by the Participant of the assets or business opportunities of the Company or any of its Affiliates;  
  (b) Conviction of the Participant of (or plea by the Participant of guilty to) a felony (or a misdemeanor that originally was charged as a felony but was reduced to a misdemeanor as part of a plea bargain) or intentional and repeated violations by the Participant of the written policies or procedures of the Company or any Affiliate, as the case may be;  
  (c) Disclosure, other than through mere inadvertence, to unauthorized persons of any Confidential Information (as defined in Section 1.12);  
  (d) Intentional breach of any contract with or violation of any legal obligation owed to the Company or any of its Affiliates; 
  (e) The Participant s (i) willful and continued refusal to substantially perform assigned duties (other than any refusal resulting from sickness or illness or while suffering from an incapacity due to physical or mental illness, including a condition that does or may result in a Disability), (ii) willful engagement in gross misconduct materially and demonstrably injurious to the Company or any of its Affiliates or (iii) breach of any term of this Plan; or  
  (f) Any intentional cooperation with any party attempting to effect a Change in Control unless (i) the Board has approved or ratified that action before the Change in Control or (ii) that cooperation is required by law.  
  Notwithstanding the foregoing,  Cause  will not arise solely because the Participant is absent from active employment during periods of paid time off, consistent with the applicable paid time off policy of the  

Company or any Affiliate, as the case may be, sickness or illness or while suffering from an incapacity due to physical or mental illness, including a condition that does or may result in a Disability or other period of absence initiated by the Participant and approved by the Company or an Affiliate, as the case may be.  
  1.06    Change in Control    means  change in control  as defined in any written agreement between the Participant and the Company or any Affiliate or, if there is no such written agreement or such term is not defined therein, then  change in control  as defined in the FirstMerit Corporation Amended and Restated 2006 Equity Plan, as amended from time to time.  
  1.07    Code    means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended.  
  1.08    Committee    means the Compensation Committee of the Board.  
  1.09    Company    means FirstMerit Corporation, an Ohio corporation.  
  1.10    Company Contribution    means a deemed contribution made by the Company that is credited to a Participant s Account in accordance with the terms of Article 3 hereof.  
  1.11    Compensation    means a Participant s base pay, overtime, commissions and other pay related to job performance prior to reduction for amounts deferred pursuant to Sections 401(k), 125 and 132(f) of the Code, but excluding irregular payments and other compensation not directly related to job performance as determined by the Committee.  
  1.12    Confidential Information    means any and all information (other than information in the public domain) related to the Company s or any Affiliate s business, including all processes, inventions, trade secrets, computer programs, technical data, drawings or designs, information concerning pricing and pricing policies, marketing techniques, plans and forecasts, new product information, information concerning methods and manner of operations and information relating to the identity and location of all past, present and prospective customers and suppliers.  
  1.13    Disabled    means:  
  (a) the Participant is unable to engage in any substantial gainful activity by reason of any medically determinable physical or mental impairment which can be expected to result in death or can be expected to last for a continuous period of not less than twelve (12) months; or  
  (b) the Participant is, by reason of any medically determinable physical or mental impairment which can be expected to result in death or can be expected to last for a continuous period of not less than twelve (12) months, receiving income replacement benefits for a period of not less than three (3) months under an accident and health plan covering employees of the Participant s employer; or  
  (c) the Participant is determined to be totally disabled by the Social Security Administration or Railroad Retirement Board.  
  1.14    Distribution Election Form    means the form prescribed by the Committee that each Eligible Employee or Participant, as the case may be, may complete to designate the form of distribution of his or her Account.  
  1.15    Eligible Employee    means any person employed by the Company or an Affiliate who (a) is a member of a select group of management or a highly compensated employee (both within the meaning of Title I of ERISA), (b) is employed in an Executive Tier Position, and (c) is not then participating in the Prior SERP. The determination of whether any person is an Eligible Employee shall be made by the Committee in its sole and absolute discretion.  
  1.16    ERISA    means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended.  
  1.17    Executive Tier Position    may include any of the following, as designated by the Committee in its sole discretion: (a) Chief Executive Officer; (b) Chief Financial Officer; (c) Chief Technology Officer; (d)  

Chief Operating Officer; (e) Chief Legal Officer; (f) Chief Human Resources Officer; (g) Chief Credit Officer; (h) Wealth Management Line of Business Leader; (i) Retail Line of Business Leader; (j) Commercial Line of Business Leader; or (k) any other position or person that is designated by the Committee in its sole discretion.  
  1.18    Good Reason    means  good reason  as defined in any written Change in Control Termination Agreement or Displacement Agreement between the Participant and the Company or any Affiliate or, if there is no such written agreement or such term is not defined therein,  Good Reason  means any of the following to which the Participant has not specifically consented in writing:  
  (a) at any time on or after a Change in Control, any breach of this Plan by or on behalf of the Company or any Affiliate;  
  (b) at any time on or after a Change in Control, a reduction in the Participant s title, duties, responsibilities or status, as compared to either (i) the Participant s title, duties, responsibilities or status immediately before the Change in Control or (ii) any enhanced or increased title, duties, responsibilities or status assigned to the Participant on or after the Change in Control;  
  (c) at any time on or after a Change in Control, the permanent assignment to the Participant of duties that are inconsistent with (i) the Participant s office immediately before the Change in Control or (ii) any more senior office to which the Participant is promoted on or after the Change in Control;  
  (d) during any calendar year ending on or after a Change in Control (or any fractional calendar year ending on or after a Change in Control), a fifteen percent (15%) or larger reduction (other than a reduction that is attributable to any Separation from Service due to death, after reaching age sixty-five (65) (but only if the Participant is then entitled to an immediate, unreduced benefit under a deferred compensation plan described in Section 401(a) of the Code), Disability or Cause, voluntary Separation from Service by the Participant other than for Good Reason or for any period of temporary absence protected by law or initiated by the Participant and approved by the entity with which the Participant has a direct employment relationship (the  Employer )) in the aggregate value of the highest of the Participant s total compensation for the calendar year ending before the date of Separation from Service (including base salary, cash bonus potential, the value of employee benefits, other than value associated solely with the performance of investments the Participant controls, and fringe benefits but excluding compensation attributable to the exercise or liquidation of stock options) or, if higher, the Participant s total compensation for the last calendar year ending before the Change in Control (including base salary, cash bonus potential, the value of employee benefits, other than value associated solely with the performance of investments the Participant controls, and fringe benefits);  
  (e) at any time on or after a Change in Control, a requirement that the Participant relocate to a principal office or worksite (or accept indefinite assignment) to a location more than fifty (50) miles distant from (i) the principal office or worksite to which the Participant was assigned immediately before the Change in Control or (ii) any location to which the Participant agreed, in writing, to be assigned after a Change in Control;  
  (f) at any time on or after a Change in Control, the imposition on the Participant of business travel obligations substantially greater than the Participant s business travel obligations during the twelve (12) consecutive-calendar-month period ending immediately before the Change in Control but determined without regard to any special business travel obligations associated with activities relating to the Change in Control;  
  (g) at any time on or after a Change in Control, the Employer s (i) failure to continue in effect any material fringe benefit or compensation plan, retirement or deferred compensation plan, life insurance plan, health and accident plan, sick pay plan or disability plan in which the Participant is participating (or was eligible to participate) immediately before the Change in Control, (ii) modification of any of the plans  

or programs just described that adversely affects the potential value of the Participant s benefits under those plans (other than value associated solely with the performance of investments the Participant controls) or (iii) failure to provide the Participant, after a Change in Control, with the same number of paid vacation days to which the Participant is or becomes entitled at or anytime after the Change in Control under the terms of the Employer s vacation policy or program. However, Good Reason will not arise under this subsection solely because (x) the Company or any Affiliate terminates or modifies any such program on or after a Change in Control solely to comply with applicable law but only to the extent required to meet applicable legal standards, (y) a plan or benefit program expires under self-executing terms contained in that plan or benefit program before the Change in Control or (z) the Company or any Affiliate replaces a plan or program with a successor plan or program of equal or equivalent value to the Participant;  
  (h) for the duration of any period of any absence from active employment that begins or continues at any time on or after a Change in Control, failure to provide or continue for the Participant any benefits (including disability benefits) available to employees who are absent from active employment (including because of Disability) under programs maintained by the Company or any Affiliate on the date the absence (including Disability) begins;  
  (i) on or after a Change in Control, the Participant is unable to perform normally assigned duties because of a physical or mental condition and, before the Participant s Disability is established for purposes of this Plan, the Participant incurs a Separation from Service by the Company or any Affiliate before the end of the Disability determination period;  
  (j) on or after a Change in Control, the Company or any Affiliate unsuccessfully attempts to cause the Participant to incur a Separation from Service for Cause;  
  (k) on or after a Change in Control, the Company attempts to amend or terminate this Plan without regard to the procedures described in Section 12.07; or  
  (l) failure at any time to obtain an assumption of the Company s or any Affiliate s obligations under this Plan by any successor to any of them, regardless of whether such entity becomes a successor to the Company or any Affiliate as a result of a merger, consolidation, sale of assets or any other form of reorganization.  
  Notwithstanding the foregoing, if, within thirty (30) days after the date the Participant gives the Company written notice of a Separation from Service for Good Reason, the Company or its Affiliates, as the case may be, corrects to reasonable satisfaction of the Participant the condition specified in such notice as the basis for the Separation from Service, such notice shall be deemed to have been withdrawn and will be of no effect.  
  1.19    Hours of Service    means  Hours of Service  as defined in the The FirstMerit Corporation and Affiliates Employees  Salary Savings Retirement Plan, as amended from time to time.  
  1.20    Investment Fund    means each deemed investment vehicle which serves as a means to measure value, increases or decreases with respect to a Participant s Account.  
  1.21    Participant    means an Eligible Employee who becomes a participant as provided in Article 2.  
  1.22    Plan    means the FirstMerit Corporation 2008 Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan.  
  1.23    Plan Year    means each calendar year during which the Plan is in effect.  
  1.24    Prior SERP    means the FirstMerit Corporation Executive Supplemental Retirement Plan, as amended from time to time.  

1.25    Retirement    means the date a Participant Separates from Service and would qualify for retirement eligibility under the Pension Plan for Employees of FirstMerit Corporation   Affiliates if the Participant were eligible to participate in such plan.  
  1.26    Separation from Service    means a  separation from service  with the Company and its Affiliates within the meaning of Section 409A of the Code and Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-1(h).  
  1.27    Specified Employee    means a Participant who is a  specified employee  as defined in Section 409A of the Code and Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-1(i) and as determined under the Company s policy for determining specified employees.  
  1.28    Trust Fund    means the trust established under the Trust Agreement, if any.  
  1.29    Trust Agreement    means an agreement, if any, between the Company and a trustee under which the assets intended to pay benefits under the Plan may be held, administered and managed, which shall be substantially in the form provided under Revenue Procedure 92-64.  
  1.30    Valuation Date    means the last day of each calendar month or any other more frequent date or dates fixed by the Committee from time to time for the valuation and adjustments of Accounts.  
  ARTICLE 2   PARTICIPATION  
  2.01   Commencement of Participation  . Each Eligible Employee shall become a Participant on the date on which the Eligible Employee is designated a Participant by the Committee.  
  2.02   Loss of Eligible Employee Status  . Except as provided in Section 3.02, a Participant who is no longer an Eligible Employee shall not be eligible to receive Company Contributions. Amounts credited to the Account of a Participant who is no longer an Eligible Employee shall continue to be held pursuant to the terms of the Plan and shall be distributed as provided in Article 6.  
  ARTICLE 3   COMPANY CONTRIBUTIONS  
  3.01   Company Contributions  . With respect to each Plan Year, the Company will make a deemed contribution to each Participant s Account in an amount equal to ten percent (10%) of the Participant s Compensation for the portion of the Plan Year during which (a) the Participant participates in the Plan and (b) is an Eligible Employee.  
  3.02   Crediting of Contributions  . A Participant s Account shall be credited with a Company Contribution for a Plan Year only if the Participant has not Separated from Service prior to the end of the Plan Year, unless such Separation from Service is due to the Participant s death, Disability or Retirement or as otherwise determined by the Committee in its sole discretion. A Company Contribution shall be credited to a Participant s Account as soon as administratively practicable following the earlier of (a) the end of the applicable Plan Year or (b) to the extent applicable, the Participant s Separation from Service.  
  ARTICLE 4   VESTING  
  4.01   Vesting of Company Contributions  . Except as otherwise determined by the Committee in its sole discretion, subject to Section 4.02 and provided that the Participant has not Separated from Service, a Participant shall become one hundred percent (100%) vested in the Participant s Account after completing at least 1,000 Hours of Service in three (3) consecutive Plan Years during which the Participant was participating in the Plan.  
  4.02   Accelerated Vesting Events  . A Participant shall become one hundred percent (100%) vested in the Participant s Account upon the earliest to occur of: (a) a determination that the Participant is Disabled prior to the Participant s Separation from Service; (b) the Participant s Separation from Service due to his or her death or (c) the Participant s Separation from Service by the Company or any of its Affiliates without Cause or by the Participant for Good Reason, in each case, within two (2) years following a Change in Control.  

4.03   Amounts Not Vested  . Subject to the foregoing, any amounts credited to a Participant s Account that are not vested at the time of the Participant s Separation from Service shall be forfeited.  
  ARTICLE 5   ACCOUNTS  
  5.01   Accounts  . The Company shall establish and maintain an Account for each Participant. The Company shall (a) credit each Company Contribution for any Plan Year to the Participant s Account, (b) as of each Valuation Date, adjust the Account to reflect any deemed earnings or losses on the foregoing, investment experience and, in the Company s sole discretion, any other appropriate adjustments and (c) reduce the Account by any distributions made from such Account.  
  5.02 Investments.  
  (a) A Participant may direct that the Participant s Account be valued as if it is invested in one or more Investment Funds as selected by the Committee from time to time and in accordance with procedures established by the Committee from time to time. The Committee may, from time to time, approve changes to the Investment Funds for purposes of this Plan.  
  (b) A Participant may change the Participant s selection of Investment Funds as permitted by the Committee with respect to the Participant s Account by filing a new election in accordance with procedures established by the Committee from time to time.  
  (c) Notwithstanding a Participant s ability to designate the Investment Funds in which the Participant s Account shall be deemed to be invested, neither the Company nor any Affiliate shall have any obligation to invest any funds in accordance with the Participant s election. Participants  Accounts shall merely be bookkeeping entries on the books of the Company and its Affiliates, as applicable, and no Participant shall obtain any property right or interest in any Investment Fund or any other particular assets of the Company or any of its Affiliates.  
  ARTICLE 6   DISTRIBUTIONS AND DISTRIBUTION ELECTIONS  
  6.01 In General.  
  (a) Except as otherwise provided in this Article 6, a Participant will receive or begin to receive a distribution in cash equal to the value of the vested portion of the Participant s Account within ninety (90) days (determined in the sole discretion of the Company) following the Participant s Separation from Service.  
  (b) A Participant may elect in accordance with Section 6.01(c) to receive the distribution described in Section 6.01(a) in a lump sum or in up to ten (10) substantially equal annual installments. If a Participant elects to receive substantially equal annual installments, the amount of each installment shall be determined by multiplying the vested portion of the Participant s Account by a fraction, the denominator of which in the first year of payment equals the number of years (not to exceed ten (10)) over which the Participant has elected benefits to be paid, and the numerator of which is one (1). The amount of the installments for each succeeding year shall be determined by multiplying the Participant s Account as of the applicable anniversary of the distribution by a fraction, the denominator of which equals the number of remaining years over which benefits are to be paid, and the numerator of which is one (1). Each annual installment following the first installment shall be paid on the anniversary of the distribution of such first installment. If a Participant does not make a valid election under this Section 6.01(b) and Section 6.01(c), the vested portion of the Participant s Account shall be distributed in a lump sum within ninety (90) days (determined in the sole discretion of the Company) following the Participant s Separation from Service.  
  (c) An election under this Section 6.01 must be made on a Distribution Election Form and must meet the following requirements:  
  (i) The Distribution Election Form must be submitted to the Company by December 31 of the Plan Year preceding the Plan Year during which the Participant will perform services relating to the Participant s  

first Company Contribution under this Plan. Notwithstanding the foregoing, for any Plan Year in which a Participant is first eligible to participate in this Plan, the Distribution Election Form may be submitted to the Company within thirty (30) days after the date on which the Participant first becomes eligible to participate in this Plan, with respect to any Company Contribution to be credited for services performed after such election is made. For these purposes, a Participant shall be first eligible to participate in this Plan only if the Participant is not eligible to participate in any Aggregated Plan.  
  (ii) The election shall be subject to the terms and conditions specified in this Plan and in such Distribution Election Form and, except as provided in Section 6.04, is irrevocable once it is made.  
  6.02   Effect of Death or Disability  . Notwithstanding anything in this Plan to the contrary, if the Participant dies or becomes Disabled, all amounts credited to the Participant s Account shall be distributed in cash to the Participant or the Participant s beneficiary (in accordance with Article 9), as applicable, in a lump sum within ninety (90) days following the Participant s death or Disability, as applicable. Such lump sum distribution shall be made regardless of whether or not the distribution of any of the Participant s Account has been made or begun.  
  6.03   Separation from Service for Cause  . Notwithstanding anything in this Plan to the contrary, if a Participant incurs a Separation from Service by the Company for Cause, all amounts credited to the Participant s Account (whether or not vested) shall be forfeited as of the date of such Separation from Service.  
  6.04   Changes to Distribution Elections  . A Participant shall be permitted to elect to change the form of distribution of the Participant s Account if such change meets the following requirements:  
  (a) On or before December 31, 2008, the Participant may elect to change the form of distribution (based on the alternatives described in Section 6.01(b)) by filing a new Distribution Election Form with the Company on or before December 31, 2008; provided, however, that (i) such election may not apply to any amount otherwise payable in 2008 and (ii) such election may not cause an amount to be paid in 2008 that would not otherwise be payable in 2008. After December 31, 2008, this subsequent distribution election may be changed or revoked only as provided in Section 6.04(b).  
  (b) After December 31, 2008, the Participant may elect to change the form of distribution (based on the alternatives described in Section 6.01(b)) by filing a new Distribution Election Form with the Company; provided, however, that: (i) such change may not take effect until at least twelve (12) months after the date on which such election is made; (ii) the payment with respect to which such change is made must be deferred (other than a distribution upon death or Disability) for a period of not less than five (5) years from the date such payment would otherwise have been paid (or, in the case of installment payments treated as a single payment, from the date the first amount was scheduled to be paid); and (iii) any change affecting a distribution to be made at a specified time or pursuant to a fixed schedule must be made not less than twelve (12) months before the date the amount was scheduled to be paid (or, in the case of installment payments treated as a single payment, before the date the first amount was scheduled to be paid). Such election may not be changed after the last permissible date for making such election as described in this Section 6.04(b). Once a Participant s Account begins distribution, no changes to the distribution of such Account shall be permitted. For purposes of this Section 6.04, if the right to any payments would constitute the right to a  series of installment payments  within the meaning of Section 409A of the Code, then such payments shall be treated as a single payment within the meaning of Section 409A of the Code.  
  6.05   Limited Cash-Out.   Notwithstanding anything in this Plan to the contrary, the Company, in its sole discretion, may require a lump sum distribution of a Participant s Account under the Plan if: (a) the distribution results in the termination and liquidation of the entirety of the Participant s interest under the  

Plan and all Aggregated Plans; and (b) the aggregate distribution under the arrangements is not greater than the applicable dollar amount under Section 402(g)(1)(B) of the Code.  
  6.06   Distributions to Specified Employees  . Notwithstanding anything in this Plan to the contrary, if a Participant is a Specified Employee at the time of the Participant s Separation from Service, then no distribution to such Participant in connection with such Separation from Service shall be made (or commence) until the first day of the seventh (7th) month following the date of the Participant s Separation from Service or, if earlier, the date of the Participant s death. The first distribution that can be made under this Section 6.06 shall include the cumulative amount of any amounts that could not be distributed during such postponement period.  
  ARTICLE 7   POST-SEPARATION FROM SERVICE OBLIGATIONS  
  7.01   Clawback  . If a Participant competes against the Company within three (3) years following the Participant s Separation from Service, the Company may, in the sole discretion of the Committee, (a) require that the Participant pay to the Company an amount equal to all distributions that the Participant has received pursuant to the Plan and (b) forfeit the Participant s rights to any remaining amounts credited to the Participant s Account.  
  7.02   Non-Competition  . For purposes of this Article 7:  
  (a) A Participant will be deemed to be competing with the Company if the Participant engages or becomes interested in or connected with any business or venture that is competitive with the business of the Company or any of its Affiliates.  
  (b) A business or venture will be considered competitive with the business of the Company or any of its Affiliates:  
  (i) If it is conducted in whole or in part within a radius of one hundred (100) miles of the office to which the Participant is assigned on the date of the Participant s Separation from Service; and  
  (ii) If it involves the conduct of any business or the furnishing of any financial or banking services that a national banking association, bank holding company, state bank, savings and loan association or other regulated financial institution is permitted by law to conduct or furnish on the date of the Participant s Separation from Service.  
  (c) A Participant will be deemed to be directly or indirectly engaged, interested or connected with a business or venture if the Participant is a stockholder, partner, proprietor, officer, director, consultant, agent or employee of such business or venture or an investor who, directly or indirectly, has advanced on loan, contributed to capital or expended for the purchase of stock an amount or amounts constituting five percent (5%) or more of the capital or assets of such business or venture.  
  ARTICLE 8   TAX WITHHOLDING  
  The Company or any Affiliate, as applicable, will withhold from other amounts owed to a Participant or require the Participant to remit to the Company or the Affiliate, as applicable, an amount sufficient to satisfy federal, state and local tax withholding requirements with respect to any Plan benefit or the vesting, payment or cancellation of any Plan benefit.  
  ARTICLE 9   BENEFICIARIES  
  9.01   Beneficiaries  . Each Participant may from time to time designate one or more persons (who may be any one or more members of such person s family or other persons, administrators, trusts, foundations or other entities) as his or her beneficiary under the Plan. Such designation shall be made in a form prescribed by the Committee. Each Participant may at any time and from time to time, change any previous beneficiary designation, without notice to or consent of any previously designated beneficiary, by amending the Participant s previous designation in a form prescribed by the Committee. If the  

beneficiary does not survive the Participant (or is otherwise unavailable to receive payment) or if no beneficiary is validly designated, then the amounts payable under this Plan shall be paid to the Participant s surviving spouse or, if there is no surviving spouse, the Participant s estate. If more than one person is the beneficiary of a deceased Participant, each such person shall receive a pro rata share of any death benefit payable unless otherwise designated in the applicable form. If a beneficiary who is receiving benefits dies, all benefits that were payable to such beneficiary shall then be payable to the estate of that beneficiary.  
  9.02   Lost Participant and/or Beneficiary  . All Participants and beneficiaries shall have the obligation to keep the Committee informed of their current address until such time as all benefits due have been paid. Under no circumstances shall any amount under this Plan escheat to any governmental authority.  
  ARTICLE 10   PROHIBITION AGAINST FUNDING  
  If any investment is acquired in connection with the liabilities assumed under this Plan, it is expressly understood and agreed that the Participants and beneficiaries shall not have any right with respect to, or claim against, such assets nor shall any such purchase be construed to create a trust of any kind or a fiduciary relationship between the Company or any of its Affiliates and the Participants, their beneficiaries or any other person. Any such assets shall be and remain a part of the general, unpledged, unrestricted assets of the Company or its Affiliates, subject to the claims of their general creditors. Neither the Company nor its Affiliates are required to segregate any assets into a fund established exclusively to pay benefits under this Plan. It is the express intention of the parties hereto that this arrangement shall be unfunded for tax purposes and for purposes of Title I of the ERISA. Each Participant and his or her beneficiaries shall be required to look to the provisions of this Plan and to the Company or its Affiliates for enforcement of any and all benefits due under this Plan, and to the extent any such person acquires a right to receive payment under this Plan, such right shall be no greater than the right of any unsecured general creditor of the Company and its Affiliates. The Company or any of its Affiliates shall be designated the owner and beneficiary of any investment acquired in connection with their obligations under this Plan.  
  ARTICLE 11   CLAIMS PROCEDURE  
  (a) Any Participant or beneficiary or estate of a Participant (the  claimant ) who believes that he, she, or it is entitled to an unpaid Plan benefit or that wishes to resolve a dispute or disagreement which arises under, or in any way relates to, the interpretation or construction of the Plan may file a claim with the Committee.  
  (b) If the claim is wholly or partially denied, the Committee will, within a reasonable period of time, and within ninety (90) days of the receipt of such claim, or if the claim is a claim on account of Disability, within forty-five (45) days of the receipt of such claim, provide the claimant with written notice of the denial setting forth in a manner calculated to be understood by the claimant:  

(i) 
      
    The specific reason or reasons for which the claim was denied; 

(ii) 
      
    Specific reference to pertinent Plan provisions, rules, procedures or protocols upon which the Committee relied to deny the claim; 

(iii) 
      
    A description of any additional material or information that the claimant may file to perfect the claim and an explanation of why this material or information is necessary; 

(iv) 
      
    An explanation of the Plan s claims review procedure and the time limits applicable to such procedure and a statement of the claimant s right to bring a civil action under Section 502(a) of ERISA following an adverse determination upon review; and 

(v) 
      
    In the case of an adverse determination of a claim on account of Disability, the information to the claimant shall include, to the extent necessary, the information set forth in Department of Labor Regulation Section 2560.503-1(g)(1)(v). 

If special circumstances require the extension of the forty-five (45) day or ninety (90) day period described above, the claimant will be notified before the end of the initial period of the circumstances requiring the extension and the date by which the Committee expects to reach a decision. Any extension for deciding a claim will not be for more than an additional ninety (90) day period, or if the claim is on account of Disability, for not more than two additional thirty (30) day periods.  
  (c) If a claim has been wholly or partially denied, the affected claimant, or such claimant s authorized representative, may:  
                       
    (i) 
      
    Request that the Committee reconsider its initial denial by filing a written appeal within sixty (60) days after receiving written notice that all or part of the initial claim was denied (one hundred eighty (180) days in the case of a denial of a claim on account of Disability); 

(ii) 
      
    Review pertinent documents and other material upon which the Committee relied when denying the initial claim; and 

(iii) 
      
    Submit a written description of the reasons for which the claimant disagrees with the Committee s initial adverse decision. 

An appeal of an initial denial of benefits and all supporting material must be made in writing within the time periods described above and directed to the Committee. The Committee is solely responsible for reviewing all benefit claims and appeals and taking all appropriate steps to implement its decision.  
  The Committee s decision on review will be sent to the claimant in writing and will include specific reasons for the decision, written in a manner calculated to be understood by the claimant, as well as specific references to the pertinent Plan provisions, rules, procedures or protocols upon which the Committee relied to deny the appeal. The Committee will consider all information submitted by the claimant, regardless of whether the information was part of the original claim. The decision will also include a statement of the claimant s right to bring an action under Section 502(a) of ERISA.  
  The Committee s decision on review will be made not later than sixty (60) days (forty-five (45) days in the case of a claim on account of Disability) after his or her receipt of the request for review, unless special circumstances require an extension of time for processing, in which case a decision will be rendered as soon as possible, but not later than one hundred and twenty (120) days (ninety (90) days in the case of a claim on account of Disability) after receipt of the request for review. This notice to the claimant will indicate the special circumstances requiring the extension and the date by which the review official expects to render a decision and will be provided to the claimant prior to the expiration of the initial forty-five (45) day or sixty (60) day period.  

Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the case of a claim on account of Disability: (i) the review of the denied claim shall be conducted by a named fiduciary who is neither the individual who made the benefit determination nor a subordinate of such person; and (ii) no deference shall be given to the initial benefit determination. For issues involving medical judgment, the named fiduciary must consult with an independent health care professional who may not be the health care professional who decided the initial claim.  
  To the extent permitted by law, the decision of the claims official (if no review is properly requested) or the decision of the review official on review, as the case may be, will be final and binding on all parties. No legal action for benefits under the Plan will be brought unless and until the claimant has exhausted such claimant s remedies under this Article 11.  
  ARTICLE 12   GENERAL PROVISIONS  
  12.01   Administration  .  
  (a) The Committee is expressly empowered to deposit amounts into the Trust Fund; to interpret the Plan, and to determine all questions arising in the administration, interpretation and application of the Plan; to employ actuaries, accountants, counsel and other persons it deems necessary in connection with the administration of the Plan; to request any information from the Company or any of its Affiliates it deems necessary to determine whether the Company or any Affiliate would be considered insolvent or subject to a proceeding in bankruptcy; and to take all other necessary and proper actions to fulfill its duties under the Plan.  
  (b) The Committee shall not be liable for any actions by it hereunder, unless due to its own negligence, willful misconduct or lack of good faith.  
  (c) The Committee shall be indemnified and saved harmless by the Company from and against all personal liability to which it may be subject by reason of any act done or omitted to be done in its official capacity as administrator in good faith in the administration of the Plan and, if applicable, the Trust Fund, including all expenses reasonably incurred in its defense in the event the Company fails to provide such defense upon the request of the Committee.  
  (d) In exercising its authority under this Plan, the Committee may allocate all or any part of its responsibilities and powers to any one or more of its members and may delegate all or any part of its responsibilities and powers to any person or persons selected by it. Any such allocation or delegation may be revoked at any time.  
  12.02   No Assignment  . Benefits or payments under this Plan shall not be subject in any manner to anticipation, alienation, sale, transfer, assignment, pledge, encumbrance, attachment or garnishment by creditors of the Participant or the Participant s beneficiary, whether voluntary or involuntary, and any attempt to so anticipate, alienate, sell, transfer, assign, pledge, encumber, attach or garnish the same shall not be valid, nor shall any such benefit or payment be in any way liable for or subject to the debts, contracts, liabilities, engagement or torts of any Participant or beneficiary, or any other person entitled to such benefit or payment pursuant to the terms of this Plan, except to such extent as may be required by law. If any Participant or beneficiary or any other person entitled to a benefit or payment pursuant to the terms of this Plan attempts to anticipate, alienate, sell, transfer, assign, pledge, encumber, attach or garnish any benefit or payment under this Plan, in whole or in part, or if any attempt is made to subject any such benefit or payment, in whole or in part, to the debts, contracts, liabilities, engagements or torts of the Participant or beneficiary or any other person entitled to any such benefit or payment pursuant to the terms of this Plan, then such attempt shall be invalid and such benefit or payment, in the discretion of the Committee, shall cease and terminate with respect to such Participant or beneficiary, or any other such person.  

12.03   No Employment Rights  . Participation in this Plan shall not be construed to confer upon any Participant the legal right to be retained in the employ of the Company, or give a Participant or beneficiary, or any other person, any right to any payment whatsoever, except to the extent of the benefits provided for hereunder. Each Participant shall remain subject to discharge to the same extent as if this Plan had never been adopted.  
  12.04   Other Benefits  . The benefits of each Participant or beneficiary hereunder shall be in addition to any benefits paid or payable to or on account of the Participant or beneficiary under any other pension, disability, annuity or retirement plan or policy whatsoever.  
  12.05   Satisfaction of Participant Debt  . The Company may, in accordance with Section 409A of the Code and Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-3(j)(4)(xiii), accelerate the time or schedule of a payment, or a payment may be made under the Plan, as satisfaction of a debt of a Participant to the Company or any Affiliate, where such debt is incurred in the ordinary course of the service relationship between the Company or an Affiliate and the Participant, the entire amount of reduction in any of the Company s taxable years does not exceed five thousand dollars ($5,000) and the reduction is made at the same time and in the same amount as the debt otherwise would have been due and collected from the Participant. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Participant shall remain liable for any part of the Participant s payment obligation not satisfied by payments made under this Section 12.05. By participating in the Plan, the Participant agrees to any deduction or payments under this Section 12.05.  
  12.06   Expenses  . All expenses incurred in the administration of the Plan, whether incurred by the Company, an Affiliate or the Plan, shall be paid by the Company and its Affiliates.  
  12.07   Amendment, Modification, Suspension or Termination.   The Company may, at any time, in its sole discretion, amend, modify, suspend or terminate the Plan in whole or in part, except that no such amendment, modification, suspension or termination shall have any retroactive effect to reduce any amounts allocated to a Participant s Account. Except as otherwise provided in this Section 12.07, in the event that this Plan is terminated, the distribution of the amounts credited to a Participant s Account shall not be accelerated but shall be paid at such time and in such manner as determined under the terms of the Plan immediately prior to termination as if the Plan had not been terminated. Notwithstanding anything in the Plan to the contrary, the Company, in its sole discretion, may distribute a Participant s Account in accordance with Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-3(j)(4)(ix).  
  12.08   Construction  . All questions of interpretation, construction or application arising under or concerning the terms of this Plan shall be decided by the Committee, in its sole and final discretion, whose decision shall be final, binding and conclusive upon all persons.  
  12.09   Governing Law  . This Plan shall be governed by, construed and administered under the laws of Ohio, other than its laws respecting choice of law. Except as set forth in Article 11, any action or claim arising out of this Plan must be brought in the United States District Court for the Northern District of Ohio.  
  12.10   Severability  . If any provision of this Plan is held invalid or unenforceable, its invalidity or unenforceability shall not affect any other provision of this Plan and this Plan shall be construed and enforced as if such provision had not been included herein. If the inclusion of any employee (or employees) as a Participant under this Plan would cause the Plan to fail to comply with the requirements of Sections 201(2), 301(a)(3) and 401(a)(1) of ERISA or Section 409A of the Code, then the Plan shall be severed with respect to such employee or employees, who shall be considered to be participating in a separate arrangement.  
  12.11   Headings  . The Article headings contained herein are inserted only as a matter of convenience and for reference and in no way define, limit, enlarge or describe the scope or intent of this Plan nor in any way shall they affect this Plan or the construction of any provision thereof.  

12.12   Section 409A Compliance  . It is intended that this Plan comply with Section 409A of the Code and the Treasury Regulations promulgated thereunder and, to the maximum extent permitted by law, this Plan shall be interpreted, administered and operated accordingly. Nothing herein shall be construed as an entitlement to or guarantee of any particular tax treatment to a Participant, and none of the Company, its Affiliates, the Board or the Committee shall have liability to any Participant for a failure to comply with the requirements of Section 409A of the Code.  
  12.13   Payments Upon Income Inclusion Under Section 409A of the Code.   Notwithstanding anything in this Plan to the contrary, the Company may accelerate the time or schedule of a payment to a Participant at any time the Plan fails to meet the requirements of Section 409A of the Code and the Treasury Regulations promulgated thereunder. Such payment may not exceed the amount required to be included in income as a result of the failure to comply with the requirements of Section 409A of the Code and the Treasury Regulations promulgated thereunder.  
  IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this instrument to be executed by its duly authorized officer as of this 3rd day of October 2008.  
                           
    FIRSTMERIT CORPORATION 

By:  
      
    /s/ Christopher J. Maurer  

Title:  
      
    Executive Vice President   Human Resources 

</EX-10.1>

<EX-10.2>
 3
 hban20160930_10qex102.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.2

Exhibit 

Exhibit 10.2 

AMENDMENT TO THE 
  FIRSTMERIT CORPORATION 
  2008 SUPPLEMENTAL EXECUTIVE RETIREMENT PLAN 

WHEREAS, FirstMerit Corporation, an Ohio corporation (the  Corporation ), adopted the FirstMerit Corporation 2008 Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan (the  Plan ) effective as of January 1, 2008; and 
    
    WHEREAS, Section 9.07 of the Plan provides that the Corporation may amend the Plan from time to time, provided that no such amendment shall have any retroactive effect to reduce any amounts allocated to a Participant s Account; and 
  WHEREAS, the Corporation desires to make certain amendments to the Plan;  
    
  NOW, THEREFORE, the Corporation hereby amends the Plan, effective as the date adopted below, by: 
    
  1.        Adding the following paragraph to Section 1.11  Compensation:  
  Notwithstanding the foregoing in this Section 1.11, payments under the Company s Executive Incentive Compensation Plan paid in December 2012 to Eligible Employees shall be included in such person s Compensation for the 2013 calendar year and not 2012.   
  IN WITNESS WHEREOF, this Amendment is adopted this 11   th    day of December, 2012. 
    
  FIRSTMERIT CORPORATION 

By:       /s/ Christopher J. Maurer 
    
  Print Name:   Christopher J. Maurer 
    
  Title:   Executive Vice President 

</EX-10.2>

<EX-10.3>
 4
 hban20160930_10qex103.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.3

Exhibit 

Exhibit 10.3 
    
  FIRSTMERIT CORPORATION 
  2011 EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN 
  This Plan is intended to foster and promote the long-term financial success of the Company and its Related Entities and to increase shareholder value by (1) providing Employees and Directors an opportunity to acquire an ownership interest in the Company and (2) enabling the Company and its Related Entities to attract and retain the services of outstanding Employees and Directors upon whose judgment, interest and special efforts the successful conduct of the Company s and its Related Entities  business is largely dependent. 
  ARTICLE I 
  DEFINITIONS 
  When used in this Plan, the following words, terms and phrases have the meanings given to them in this section unless another meaning is expressly provided elsewhere in this document or clearly required by the context. When applying these definitions and any other word, term or phrase used in this Plan, the form of any word, term or phrase will include any and all of its other forms. 
  1.01      Act.   The Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or any successor statute of similar effect, 
  even if the Company is not subject to the Act. 
  1.02      Award.   Any Incentive Stock Option, Nonqualified Stock Option, Performance Award, Restricted 
  Stock, Stock Appreciation Right, Whole Share or Other Stock-Based Award granted under the Plan. 
  1.03      Award Agreement.   The written or electronic agreement between the Company and each 
  Participant that describes the terms and conditions of each Award. If there is a conflict between the terms of this Plan and the terms of the Award Agreement, the terms of this Plan will govern. 
  1.04      Beneficiary.   The person a Participant designates to receive or to exercise any Plan benefit or right 
  that is unpaid or unexercised when the Participant dies. A Beneficiary may be designated only by following the procedures described in Section 14.02; neither the Company nor the Committee is required to infer a Beneficiary from any other source. 
  1.05      Board.   The Company s Board of Directors; provide, however, that for purposes of granting 
  Awards to Directors under Section 2.02, the Board shall be limited to non-employee directors.. 
  1.06      Cause.   As defined in any written agreement between the Employee and the Company or any 
  Related Entity or, if there is no written agreement, one or more of the following acts of the Employee: (a) any act of fraud, intentional misrepresentation, embezzlement, misappropriation or conversion by the Employee of the assets or business opportunities of the Company or any Related Entity; (b) conviction of the Employee of (or plea by the Employee of guilty to) a felony (or a misdemeanor that originally was charged as a felony but was reduced to a misdemeanor as part of a plea bargain) or intentional and repeated violations by the Employee of the written policies or procedures of the Company or Related Entity, as the case may be; (c) disclosure, other than through mere inadvertence, to unauthorized persons of any Confidential Information (as defined below); (d) intentional breach of any contract with or violation of any legal obligation owed to the Company or any Related Entity; (e) dishonesty relating to the duties owed by the Employee to the Company or any Related Entity; (f) the Employee s (i) willful and continued refusal to substantially perform assigned duties (other than any refusal resulting from sickness or illness or while suffering from an incapacity due to physical or mental illness, including a condition that does or may result in a Disability), (ii) willful engagement in gross misconduct materially and demonstrably injurious to the Company or any Related Entity or (iii) breach of any term of this Plan or an Award Agreement; or (g) any intentional cooperation with any party attempting to effect a Change in Control unless (i) the Board has approved or ratified that action before the Change in Control or (ii) that cooperation is required by law. 
  However, Cause will not arise solely because the Employee is absent from active employment during periods of paid time off, consistent with the applicable paid time off policy of the Company or Related Entity with which the Participant has a direct employment relationship, as the case may be, sickness or illness or while suffering from an incapacity due to physical or mental illness, including a condition that does or may result in a Disability or 
  other period of absence initiated by the Employee and approved by the Company or Related Entity with which the Participant has a direct employment relationship, as the case may be. 

The term  Confidential Information  means any and all information (other than information in the public domain) related to the Company s or any Related Entity s business, including all processes, inventions, trade secrets, computer programs, technical data, drawings or designs, information concerning pricing and pricing policies, marketing techniques, plans and forecasts, new product information, information concerning methods and manner of operations and information relating to the identity and location of all past, present and prospective customers and suppliers. 
  1.07      Change in Control.   The earliest to occur of any one of the following events on or after the 
  Effective Date: 
  (a)  Individuals who, on April 19, 2006, constituted the Board (the  Incumbent Directors ) cease for any reason to constitute at least a majority of the Board, provided that any person becoming a director subsequent to April 19, 2006 whose election or nomination for election was approved by a vote of at least two-thirds of the then Incumbent Directors (either by a specific vote or by approval of the proxy statement of the Company in which such person is named as a nominee for director, without written objection to such nomination) will be an Incumbent Director; provided, however, that no individual elected or nominated as a director of the Company initially as a result of an actual or threatened election contest with respect to directors or any other actual or threatened solicitation of proxies or consents by or on behalf of any person other than the Board will ever be deemed to be an Incumbent Director; 
  (b)  Any  person  (as such term is defined in Section 3(a)(9) of the Act and as used in Sections 13(d)(3) and 14(d)(2) of the Act) becomes through any means (including those described in Sections 1.08(c)(i) through (vi)) a  beneficial owner  (as defined in Rule 13d-3 under the Act), directly or indirectly, of securities of the Company representing 50 percent or more of the combined voting power of the Company s then outstanding securities eligible to vote for the election of the Board (the  Company Voting Securities  
  (c)  Any  person  (as such term is defined in Section 3(a)(9) of the Act and as used in Sections 13(d)(3) and 14(d)(2) of the Act) becomes a  beneficial owner  (as defined in Rule 13d-3 under the Act), directly or indirectly, of Company Voting Securities representing 25 percent or more (but less than 50 percent) of the Company Voting Securities; provided, however, that the event described in this subsection (c) will not be deemed to be a Change in Control for purposes of this subsection (c) by virtue of any of the following acquisitions: (i) by the Company or any Related Entity; (ii) by or through any employee benefit plan sponsored or maintained by the Company or any Related Entity and described (or intended to be described) in Code  401(a); (iii) directly through an equity compensation plan maintained by the Company or any Related Entity, including this Plan and any program described in Code  423; (iv) by any underwriter temporarily holding securities pursuant to an offering of such securities; (v) by any entity or  person  (including a  group  as contemplated by Sections 13(d)(3) and 14(d)(2) of the Act) with respect to which that acquirer has filed SEC Schedule 13G indicating that the securities were not acquired and are not held for the purpose of or with the effect of changing or influencing, directly or indirectly, the Company s management or policies (regardless of whether such acquisition of securities is considered to constitute the acquisition of control under the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956 pursuant to Regulation Y promulgated thereunder), unless and until that entity or person files SEC Schedule 13D, at which point this exception will not apply to such Company Voting Securities, including those previously subject to a SEC Schedule 13G filing; or (vi) pursuant to a Non-Control Transaction (as defined in Section 1.08(d)). 
  (d)  The consummation of a merger, consolidation, statutory share exchange or similar form of corporate transaction involving the Company or any Related Entity that requires the approval of the Company s shareholders, whether with respect to such transaction or the issuance of securities in connection with the transaction (a  Business Combination ), unless immediately following such Business Combination: (i) more than 50 percent of the total voting power of (A) the corporation resulting from such Business Combination (the  Surviving Entity ), or (B) if applicable, the ultimate parent corporation that directly or indirectly has beneficial ownership of 100 percent of the voting securities eligible to elect directors ( Total Voting Power ) of the Surviving Entity (the  Parent Entity ), is represented by Company Voting Securities that were outstanding immediately prior to such Business Combination (or, if applicable, shares into which such Company Voting Securities were converted pursuant to such Business Combination), and such voting power among the holders thereof is in substantially the same proportion as the voting power of such Company Voting Securities among the holders thereof immediately prior to the Business Combination; and (ii) at least a majority of the members of the board of directors of the Parent Entity (or, if there is no Parent Entity, the Surviving Entity) following the consummation of the Business Combination were Incumbent Directors at the time of the Board s approval of the execution of the initial agreement providing for such Business Combination. Any Business Combination which satisfies all of the criteria specified in Section 1.07(d)(i) and (ii) of this definition will be deemed to be a  Non-Control Transaction  or 
  (e)    The shareholders of the Company approve a plan of complete liquidation or dissolution of the 
  Company. 
  Notwithstanding the foregoing: 
  (1)  With respect to an Award that is subject to Code  409A and that is payable or settled upon a Change in Control, the Change in Control must also constitute a  change in control event  within the meaning of Code  409A; 
  (2)  A Change in Control of the Company will not be deemed to occur solely because any person acquires beneficial ownership of more than 25 percent of the Company Voting Securities as a result of the acquisition of Company Voting Securities  

by the Company which reduces the number of Company Voting Securities outstanding; provided that if after such acquisition by the Company such person becomes the beneficial owner of additional Company Voting Securities that increases the percentage of outstanding Company Voting Securities beneficially owned by such person by more than one percent, a Change in Control of the Company will then occur; and 
  (3)  The Employee will not be entitled to any amount under this Plan if he or she acted in concert with any person or group (as defined above) to effect a Change in Control, other than at the specific direction of the Board and in his or her capacity as an employee of the Company or any Related Entity. 
  1.08      Code.   The Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and any applicable rulings or regulations 
  issued under the Code. 
  1.09      Committee.   The Board s Compensation Committee, which also constitutes a  compensation 
  committee  within the meaning of Treasury Regulation  1.162-27(c)(4), shall be comprised of at least three persons: (a) each of whom is (i) an outside director, as defined in Treasury Regulation  1.162-27(e)(3)(i), (ii) a  non-employee  director within the meaning of Rule 16b-3 under the Act, and (iii) an  independent director  under the rules of the exchange on which the Shares are listed; and (b) none of whom may receive remuneration from the Company or any Related Entity in any capacity other than as a director, except as permitted under Treasury Regulation  1.162-27(e)(3)(ii). 
  1.10      Company.   FirstMerit Corporation, an Ohio corporation, and any and all successors to it. 
  1.11      Covered Officer.   Those Employees whose compensation is (or likely will be) subject to limited 
  deductibility under Code  162(m). 
  1.12      Director.   A person who, on an applicable grant date: (a) is an elected member of the Board or of 
  the board of directors of a Related Entity (or has been appointed to the Board or to the board of directors of a Related Entity to fill an unexpired term and will continue to serve at the expiration of that term only if elected by shareholders); and (b) is not an Employee. For purposes of applying this definition, a Director s status will be determined as of the grant date applicable to each affected Award. 
  1.13      Disability.   Unless specified otherwise in the Award Agreement: 
  (a)  With respect to an Incentive Stock Option, as defined in Code  22(e)(3); 
  (b)  With respect to any Award subject to Code  409A, as defined under Code  409A; and 
  (c)  With respect to any Award not described in subsection (a) or (b) of this definition, as defined in any long-term disability policy or benefit contract maintained by the Company that is applicable to the Participant and in effect on the grant date. 
  1.14      Effective Date  . The date specified in Article XV. 
  1.15      Employee.   Any person who, on any applicable date, is a common law employee of the Company 
  or any Related Entity. A worker who is classified as other than a common law employee but who is subsequently reclassified as a common law employee of the Company for any reason and on any basis will be treated as a common law employee only from the date that reclassification occurs and will not retroactively be reclassified as an Employee for any purpose of this Plan. 
  1.16      Equity Plan Board.   Those Board members who: (a) are  outside directors  as defined in 
  Treasury Regulation  1.162-27(c)(3)(i); (b) are  non-employee  directors within the meaning of Rule 16b-3 under the Act; (c) are  independent directors  under the rules of the exchange on which the Shares are listed; and (d) do not receive remuneration from the Company or any Related Entity in any capacity other than as a director, except as permitted under Treas. Reg.  1.162-27(e)(3)(ii). 
  1.17      Exercise Price.   The amount, if any, that a Participant must pay to exercise an Award. 
  1.18      Fair Market Value.   The value of one share of Stock on any relevant date, determined under the 
  following rules: 
  (a)  If the Stock is traded on an exchange, the reported  closing price  on the relevant date, if it is a trading day, otherwise on the preceding trading day; or 
  (b)  If subsection (a) of this definition does not apply: (i) with respect to any Nonqualified Stock Option, Stock Appreciation Right or Award subject to Code  409A, the fair market value as determined by the Equity Plan Board through the reasonable application of a reasonable valuation method, taking into account all information material to the value of the Company, that satisfies the requirements of Code  409A and Treasury Regulation  1.409A-1(b)(5)(iv)(B);  

and (ii) with respect to any other Award, the fair market value as determined by the Equity Plan Board in good faith and, with respect to Incentive Stock Options, consistent with the rules prescribed under Code  422. 
  1.19      Incentive Stock Option.   Any Option that, on the grant date, meets the conditions imposed under 
  Code  422 and is not subsequently modified in a manner inconsistent with Code  422. 
  1.20      Nonqualified Stock Option.   Any Option that is not an Incentive Stock Option. 
  1.21      Other Stock-Based Award.   An Award granted pursuant to Article VIII of the Plan. 
  1.22      Option.   The right granted under Section 6.00 to a Participant to purchase a share of Stock at a 
  stated price for a specified period of time that may be either an Incentive Stock Option or a Nonqualified Stock Option. 
  1.23      Participant.   Any Employee or Director to whom an Award has been granted and which is still 
  outstanding. 
  1.24      Performance Criteria.   The criteria described in Section 9.02. 
  1.25      Performance Period.   The period over which the Equity Plan Board will determine if applicable 
  Performance Criteria have been met. 
  1.26      Performance Award.   An Award granted to a Participant contingent upon satisfaction of 
  conditions described in Article IX. 
    
  1.27      Plan.   The FirstMerit Corporation 2011 Equity Incentive Plan. 
  1.28      Plan Year.   The Company s fiscal year. 
  1.29      Prior Plan.   The FirstMerit Corporation Amended and Restated 2006 Equity Plan. Upon 
  approval of the Plan by the Company s shareholders, the Prior Plan shall terminate and no further awards may be granted under the Prior Plan; however, awards outstanding under the Prior Plan shall continue to be subject to the terms and conditions of the Prior Plan. 
  1.30      Related Entity.   Any entity with whom the Company would be considered a single employer 
  under Code   414(b) or (c), but modified as permitted under any Code section relevant to the purpose for which the definition is applied. 
  1.31      Restricted Stock.   A share of Stock issued to a Participant contingent upon satisfaction of 
  conditions described in Article VI. 
  1.32      Restriction Period.   The period over which the Equity Plan Board will determine if a Participant 
  has met conditions placed on Restricted Stock. 
  1.33      Retirement.   Unless otherwise specified in the Award Agreement, the date an Employee 
  terminates on or after reaching age 55 and qualifying to receive benefits under any defined benefit type deferred compensation arrangement (as defined in Section 3(35) of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended, but without regard to subsections (A) and (B) of that definition), whether or not intended to comply with Code  401(a), then maintained by the Company or any Related Entity that is applicable to the Employee, and if the Employee is not a participant in such a plan, applied as though the Employee was eligible to participate in such a plan. 
  1.34      Shares.   The common shares, without par value, issued by the Company or any security issued by 
  the Company in substitution, exchange or in place of these shares. 
  1.35      Stock Appreciation Right (or  SAR ).   An Award granted under Article X and consisting of the 
  potential appreciation of the shares of Stock underlying the Award. 
  1.36      Ten Percent Holder.   An Employee who, on the grant date of an Incentive Stock Option, owns 
  (as defined in Code  424(d)) stock possessing more than 10 percent of the total combined voting power of all classes of stock of the Company (or the combined voting power of any Related Entity), determined under rules issued under Code  422. 

1.37      Whole-Share.   A share of Stock issued under Article VII. 
  ARTICLE II 
  ELIGIBILITY 
  2.01      Awards to Employees.   Consistent with the terms of the Plan and subject to Section 2.03, the 
  Equity Plan Board will decide which Employees will be granted Awards and the type of Award to be granted to Employees and the terms upon which those Awards will be granted and may be earned. The Equity Plan Board may establish different terms and conditions: (a) for each type of Award granted to an Employee; (b) for each Employee receiving the same type of Award; and (c) for the same Employee for each Award the Employee receives, whether or not those Awards are granted at different times. 
  2.02      Awards to Directors.   Consistent with the terms of the Plan and subject to Section 2.03, the Board 
  will grant Awards to Directors and the type of Award to be granted to Directors and the terms upon which those Awards will be granted and may be earned. 
  2.03      Conditions of Participation.   By accepting an Award, each Employee and Director agrees: (a) to 
  be bound by the terms of the Award Agreement and the Plan and to comply with other conditions imposed by the Equity Plan Board; and (b) that the Equity Plan Board (or the Board, as appropriate) may amend the Plan and the Award Agreements without any additional consideration to the extent necessary to avoid penalties arising under Code  409A, even if those amendments reduce, restrict or eliminate rights that were granted under the Plan or Award Agreement (or both) before those amendments. 
  ARTICLE III 
  ADMINISTRATION 
  3.01      Duties.   The Committee is responsible for administering the Plan and has all powers appropriate 
  and necessary to that purpose. The Committee also may recommend the types of Awards to be issued to Employees, the terms of those Awards and the Employees to whom they will be issued, although the Equity Plan Board has final authority to grant Awards to Employees as described in Section 2.01 and to establish the terms of those Awards and the Board has final authority to grant Awards to Directors as described in Section 2.02. Consistent with the Plan s objectives, the Board, the Equity Plan Board and the Committee may adopt, amend and rescind rules and regulations relating to the Plan, to the extent appropriate to protect the Company s and its Related Entities interests, and have complete discretion to make all other decisions necessary or advisable for the administration and interpretation of the Plan. Any action by the Board or the Equity Plan Board will be final, binding and conclusive for all purposes and upon all persons. 
  3.02      Delegation of Duties.   In its sole discretion, the Board, the Equity Plan Board and the Committee 
  may delegate any ministerial duties associated with the Plan to any person (including Employees) that it deems appropriate. However, none of the Board, the Equity Plan Board or the Committee may delegate any duties it is required to discharge to comply with Code  162(m). 
  3.03      Award Agreement.   As soon as administratively feasible after the grant date, the Committee, at 
  the Equity Plan Board s (or the Board s, if appropriate) direction will prepare and deliver an Award Agreement to each affected Participant that: (a) will describe the terms of the Award, including (i) the type of Award and when and how it may be exercised or earned, (ii) any Exercise Price associated with that Award and (ii) how the Award will or may be settled; and (b) to the extent different from the terms of the Plan, will describe (i) any conditions that must be met before the Award may be exercised or earned, (ii) any objective restrictions placed on the Award and any performance-related conditions and Performance Criteria that must be met before those restrictions will be released and (ii) any other applicable terms and conditions affecting the Award. Notwithstanding the foregoing, subject to Section 4.05 and Articles XI and XII of the Plan or as described in the related Award Agreement in connection with a Participant s death, termination due to Disability and/or Retirement, no condition on the vesting of an Award that is based upon achievement of specified performance goals shall be based on performance over a period of less than one year and no condition on vesting of an Award that is based upon continued employment or the passage of time shall provide for vesting in full of the Award more quickly than in pro rata installments over three years from the date of grant of the Award. 
  3.04      Restriction on Repricing.   Except for adjustments made pursuant to Section 4.03 of the Plan, in 
  no event may the Board, Equity Plan Board or the Compensation Committee amend the terms of an outstanding Award to reduce the exercise price of an outstanding Option or Stock Appreciation Right or cancel an outstanding Option or Stock Appreciation Right in exchange for cash, other Awards or Options or Stock Appreciation Rights with an exercise price that is less than the exercise price of the original Option or Stock Appreciation Right without shareholder approval. 
  ARTICLE IV: 

LIMITS ON STOCK SUBJECT TO AWARDS 
  4.01      Number of Authorized Shares.   Subject to Section 4.03, the number of Shares subject to Awards 
  under the terms of this Plan may not be larger than the sum of: (a) the number of Shares authorized to be granted under the Prior Plan but which were not subject to outstanding awards under the Prior Plan on the Effective Date, but not any Shares subject to awards issued under the Prior Plan that are subsequently forfeited under the terms of the Prior Plan; plus (b) 4,600,363, all of which may be issued as Incentive Stock Options. The Shares to be 
  delivered under the Plan may consist, in whole or in part, of treasury Shares or authorized but unissued Shares not reserved for any other purpose. Subject to the limits imposed under this Article IV, upon the grant of an Award, the number of Shares available for issuance under the Plan shall be reduced by an amount equal to the number of Shares subject to such Award, and any Shares underlying such an Award that become available for future grant under the Plan pursuant to Section 4.02 shall be added back to the Plan in an amount equal to the number of Shares subject to such an Award that become available for future grant under the Plan pursuant to Section 4.02. 
  4.02      Share Usage.   In addition to the number of Shares provided for in Section 4.01, the following 
  Shares shall be available for Awards under the Plan: (a) Shares covered by an Award that expires or is forfeited, canceled, surrendered or otherwise terminated without the issuance of such Shares; (b) Shares covered by an Award that is settled only in cash or for less than the full number of Shares subject to the Award; (c) Shares granted through the assumption of, or in substitution for, outstanding awards granted by a company to individuals who become Employees or Directors as the result of a merger, consolidation, acquisition or other corporate transaction involving such company and the Company or any Related Entity; (d) any Shares subject to outstanding awards under the Prior Plan as of the Effective Date that on or after the Effective Date cease for any reason to be subject to such awards other than by reason of exercise or settlement of the awards to the extent they are exercised for or settled in vested and non-forfeitable Shares; (e) any Shares from awards exercised for or settled in vested and nonforfeitable Shares that are later returned to the Company pursuant to any compensation recoupment policy, provision or agreement; or (f) Shares surrendered upon exercise of an Award as payment of the applicable exercise price or withheld to satisfy any applicable taxes. 
  4.03      Adjustment in Capitalization.   If, after the Effective Date, there is a Share dividend or Share 
  split, recapitalization (including payment of an extraordinary dividend), merger, consolidation, combination, spin-off, distribution of assets to shareholders, exchange of shares or other similar corporate change affecting Share, the Committee will appropriately adjust: (a) the number of Awards that may or will be granted to Participants during a Plan Year; (b) the aggregate number of Shares available for Awards under Section 4.01 or subject to outstanding Awards (as well as any share-based limits imposed under this Plan); (c) the respective Exercise Price, number of Shares and other limitations applicable to outstanding or subsequently granted Awards; and (d) any other factors, limits or terms affecting any outstanding or subsequently granted Awards. Notwithstanding the foregoing, an adjustment to a Nonqualified Stock Option or a SAR pursuant to this Section 4.03 shall be made only to the extent such adjustment complies with the requirements of Code  409A. 
  4.04      Limits on Awards to Covered Officers.   During any Plan Year, no Covered Officer may receive: 
  (a) Options covering more than 800,000 Shares (adjusted as provided in Section 4.03), including Awards that are cancelled during each Plan Year granted; (b) SARs covering more than 800,000 Shares (adjusted as provided in Section 4.03); or (c) Performance Awards covering more than 500,000 Shares (adjusted as provided in Section 4.03). 
  4.05      Limits on Certain Awards  . Notwithstanding anything in the Plan to the contrary, Awards 
  covering up to 644,000 Shares may be granted without regard to the minimum vesting requirements of Section 3.03 of the Plan. 
  ARTICLE V 
  OPTIONS 
  5.01      Grant of Options.   Subject to the terms of the Plan and the associated Award Agreement, at any 
  time during the term of this Plan: (a) the Equity Plan Board may grant Options to Employees, provided that Incentive Stock Options may only be granted to Employees of the Company or any Related Entity that is also  subsidiary  corporation as defined under Code  424(f)) of the Company; and (b) the Board may, in its sole discretion, grant Options to Directors in such a number as it determines appropriate. 
  5.02      Exercise Price.   Except to the extent necessary to implement Section 5.06, each Option will bear 
  an Exercise Price equal to at least 100 percent of the Fair Market Value of a Share on the grant date; provided, however, that the Exercise Price of an Incentive Stock Option granted to a Ten Percent Holder will be at least 110 percent of the Fair Market Value of a share of Stock on the grant date. 

5.03      Exercise of Options.   Subject to Section 11.00 and any terms, restrictions and conditions specified 
  in the Plan and unless specified otherwise in the Award Agreement, Options will be exercisable at the time (or times) specified in the Award Agreement. Notwithstanding the foregoing: (a) no Incentive Stock Option may be exercised more than ten years after it is granted (five years in the case of an Incentive Stock Option granted to Ten Percent Holder); and (b) no Nonqualified Stock Option will be exercisable more than ten years after it is granted. 
  5.04      Incentive Stock Options.   Notwithstanding anything in the Plan to the contrary: 
  (a)  The terms and conditions of Incentive Stock Options shall be subject to and comply with the requirements of Code  422. 
  (b)  The aggregate Fair Market Value of the Shares (determined as of the grant date) with respect to which Incentive Stock Options are exercisable for the first time by any Participant during any calendar year (under all option plans of the Company and all Related Entities of the Company) will not exceed $100,000 (or such other amount specified in Code  422(d)), determined under rules issued under Code  422. 
  (c)  No Incentive Stock Option will be granted to any person who is not an Employee on the grant date. 
  5.05      Exercise Procedures and Payment for Options.   Except as otherwise provided in the Plan or in a 
  related Award Agreement, an Option may be exercised for all or any portion of the Shares for which it is then exercisable. An Option shall be exercised by the delivery of a notice of exercise to the Company or its designee in a form specified by the Committee which sets forth the number of Shares with respect to which the Option is to be exercised and full payment of the exercise price for such Shares. The exercise price of an Option may be paid: (a) in cash or its equivalent; (b) by tendering (either by actual delivery or attestation) previously acquired Shares having an aggregate Fair Market Value at the time of exercise equal to the aggregate exercise price; provided that such Shares had been held for at least six months or such other period required to obtain favorable accounting treatment and to comply with the requirements of Section 16 of the Act; (c) by a cashless exercise (including by withholding Shares deliverable upon exercise and through a broker-assisted arrangement to the extent permitted by applicable law); (d) by a combination of the methods described in clauses (a), (b) and/or (c); or (e) though any other method approved by the Committee in its sole discretion. As soon as practicable after receipt of the notification of exercise and full payment of the exercise price, the Company shall cause the appropriate number of Shares to be issued to the Participant. 
  5.06      Substitution of Options.   In the Company s discretion, persons who become Employees as a 
  result of a transaction described in Code  424(a) may receive Options in exchange for options granted by their former employer or the former Related Entity subject to the rules and procedures prescribed under Code  424. 
  5.07      Rights Associated With Options. 
  (a)  A Participant to whom an unexercised Option has been granted will have no voting or dividend rights with respect to the Shares underlying that unexercised Option and the Option will be transferable only to the extent provided in Section 14.01. 
  (b)  Unless otherwise specified in the Award Agreement or as otherwise specifically provided in the Plan, Shares acquired through an Option: (i) will bear all dividend and voting rights associated with Shares; and (ii) will be transferable, subject to applicable federal securities laws, the requirements of any national securities exchange or system on the which the Shares are then listed or traded or any blue sky or state securities laws. 
  ARTICLE VI 
  RESTRICTED STOCK 
  6.01      Grant of Restricted Stock.   Subject to the terms, restrictions and conditions specified in the Plan 
  and the associated Award Agreement, at any time during the term of this Plan: (a) the Equity Plan Board may grant shares of Restricted Stock to Employees; and (b) the Board may, in its sole discretion, grant between a number of shares of Restricted Stock to any Director during any Plan Year as it determines appropriate. 
  6.02      Earning Restricted Stock.   Subject to the terms, restrictions and conditions specified in the Plan 
  and the associated Award Agreement and unless otherwise specified in the Award Agreement: 
  (a)  Terms, restrictions and conditions imposed on Restricted Stock granted to Employees and Directors will lapse as described in the Award Agreement. 
  (b)  During the Restriction Period, Restricted Stock will be held by the Company as escrow agent. The Restricted Stock will be: (i) forfeited, if all terms, restrictions and conditions described in the Award Agreement have not been met; or (ii) released from escrow and distributed to the Participant as soon as practicable after the last day of the Restriction Period, if all terms, restrictions and conditions specified in the Award Agreement have been met. Any Restricted Stock Award relating to a fractional share of Stock will be rounded up to the next whole share when settled. 
  6.03      Rights Associated With Restricted Stock.   During the Restriction Period and unless the associated Award  

Agreement specifies otherwise: 
  (a)  Restricted Stock may not be sold, transferred, pledged, assigned or otherwise alienated or hypothecated; but 
  (b)  Each Participant to whom Restricted Stock has been issued: (i) may exercise full voting rights associated with that Restricted Stock; and (ii) will be entitled to receive all dividends and other distributions paid with respect to that Restricted Stock; provided, however, that if any dividends or other distributions are paid in shares of Stock, those shares will be subject to the same restrictions on transferability and forfeitability as the shares of Restricted Stock with respect to which they were issued. 
  ARTICLE VII 
  WHOLE SHARES 
  The Equity Plan Board may grant Whole-Shares to Employees on any basis and on any terms it deems appropriate. 
  ARTICLE VIII 
  OTHER STOCK-BASED AWARDS 
  8.01      Grant of Other Stock-Based Awards  . Subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan, Other 
  Stock-Based Awards may be granted to Participants in such number, and upon such terms and conditions, as shall be determined by the Equity Plan Board in its sole discretion. Other Stock-Based Awards are Awards that are valued in whole or in part by reference to, or otherwise based on the Fair Market Value of, the Shares, and shall be in such form as the Equity Plan Board shall determine, including without limitation, time-based or performance-based restricted stock units that are settled in Shares and/or cash. 
  8.02      Award Agreement  . Each Other Stock-Based Award shall be evidenced by an Award Agreement 
  that shall specify the terms and conditions upon which the Other Stock-Based Award shall become vested, if applicable, the time and method of settlement, the form of settlement and such other terms and conditions as the Equity Plan Board shall determine and which are not inconsistent with the terms and conditions of the Plan. 
  8.03      Form of Settlement  . An Other Stock-Based Award may be settled in full Shares, cash or a 
  combination thereof, as specified by the Equity Plan Board in the related Award Agreement 
  8.04      Dividend Equivalents  . Awards of Other Stock-Based Awards may provide the Participant with 
  dividend equivalents, as determined by the Equity Plan Board in its sole discretion and set forth in the related Award Agreement. 
  ARTICLE IX 
  PERFORMANCE AWARDS 
  9.01        Generally.   Any Award of Restricted Stock or Other Stock-Based Award may be granted: (a) to 
  Covered Officers in a manner that qualifies as  performance-based compensation  under Code  162(m); or (b) to Employees who are not Covered Officers in any manner reasonably determined by the Equity Plan Board. Subject to any terms, restrictions and conditions specified in the Plan and the Award Agreement, the granting or vesting of Performance Awards will, in the Equity Plan Board s sole discretion, be based on achieving performance objectives derived from one or more of the Performance Criteria specified in Section 9.02. However, the Equity Plan Board s authority to issue any Performance Awards to Covered Officers will expire no later than the first annual meeting of the Company s shareholders that occurs in the fifth year following the year in which the Company s shareholders approved the original version of the Plan, unless the shareholders reapprove the Performance Criteria in accordance with the requirements of Code  162(m). 
  9.02        Performance Criteria. 
  (a)    The granting or vesting of a Performance Award that is intended to qualify as  performance  
  based compensation  under Code  162(m) will be based on one or more (or a combination) of the following Performance Criteria and may be applied solely with reference to the Company (and/or any Related Entity) or relatively between the Company (and/or any Related Entity) and one or more unrelated entities: 
  (i)  Net earnings or net income (before or after taxes); 
  (ii)  Earnings per share; 
  (iii)  Deposit or asset growth; 
  (iv)  Net operating income; 
  (v)  Return measures (including return on assets and equity); 
  (vi)  Fee income; 
  (vii)  Earnings before or after taxes, interest, depreciation and/or amortization; 

(viii)  Interest spread; 
  (ix)  Productivity ratios; 
  (x)  Share price (including, but not limited to, growth measures and total shareholder return); 
  (xi)  Expense targets; 
  (xii)  Credit quality; 
  (xiii)  Efficiency ratio; 
  (xiv)  Market share; 
  (xv)  Customer satisfaction; 
  (xvi)  NIACC (net income after cost of capital); and 
  (xvii)  Revenue (including gross revenue, net revenue and revenue growth). 
  (b)    The granting or vesting of Performance Awards granted to Participants who are not Covered Officers may be based on one or more (or a combination) of the Performance Criteria listed in Section 9.02(a) or on other factors the Equity Plan Board believes are relevant and appropriate. 
  (c)    Different Performance Criteria may be applied to individual Employees or to groups of Employees and, as specified by the Equity Plan Board, may be based on the results achieved: (i) separately by the Company or any Related Entity; (ii) any combination of the Company and Related Entities; or (iii) any combination of segments, products or divisions of the Company and Related Entities. 
  (d)    The Equity Plan Board: (i) will make appropriate adjustments to Performance Criteria to reflect the effect on any Performance Criteria of any stock dividend or stock split affecting the Shares, recapitalization (including, without limitation, the payment of an extraordinary dividend), merger, consolidation, combination, spin-off, distribution of assets to shareholders, exchange of Shares or similar corporate change. Also, the Equity Plan Board, will make a similar adjustment to any portion of a Performance Criteria that is not based on Shares but which is affected by an event having an effect similar to those just described; and (ii) to the extent permitted under Code  162(m), may make appropriate adjustments to Performance Criteria to reflect a substantive change in an Employee s job description or assigned duties and responsibilities. 
  (e)    Performance Criteria will be established in an associated Award Agreement: (i) as soon as administratively practicable after established; but (ii) in the case of Covered Officers, no later than the earlier of (A) 90 days after the beginning of the applicable Performance Period or (B) the expiration of 25 percent of the applicable Performance Period. 
  9.03        Earning Performance Awards.   Except as otherwise provided in the Plan or the Award 
  Agreement, as of the end of each Performance Period, the Committee will certify to the Equity Plan Board and the Equity Plan Board will independently certify the extent to which the Employee has or has not met his or her Performance Criteria and Performance Awards will be: 
  (a)  Forfeited, to the extent that the Equity Plan Board concludes that the related Performance Criteria have not been met at the end of the Performance Period; or 
  (b)  To the extent that the Equity Plan Board certifies that the related Performance Criteria have been met, distributed to the Employee in the form of cash and/or Shares as specified in the Award Agreement no later than the later of: (i) the 15th day of the third month following the end of the Participant s taxable year in which the applicable Performance Period ends; or (ii) the 15th day of the third month following the end of the Company s taxable year in which the applicable Performance Period ends. 
  9.04        Rights Associated with Performance Awards.   During the Performance Period, and unless the 
  Award Agreement provides otherwise: 
  (a)  Employees may not exercise voting rights associated with their Performance Awards; and 
  (b)  With respect to any Performance Share, all dividends and other distributions paid with respect to any Performance Share will be held by the Company as escrow agent during the Performance Period. At the end of the Performance Period, these dividends and other distributions will be distributed to the Participant or forfeited as provided in Section 9.03. No interest or other accretion will be credited with respect to any dividends and other distributions held in this escrow account. If any dividends or other distributions are paid in Shares, those Shares or the will be subject to the same restrictions on transferability and forfeitability as the Shares with respect to which they were issued. Dividend equivalents granted with respect to Performance Awards, other than Performance Shares, will be distributed to the Participant or forfeited as provided in Section 9.03. No interest or other accretion will be credited with respect to any dividend equivalent. 
  ARTICLE X 
  STOCK APPRECIATION RIGHTS 
  10.01 SAR Grants.   Subject to the terms of the Plan and the associated Award Agreement, the Equity Plan Board may grant SARs to Employees at any time during the term of this Plan. 
  10.02 Exercise Price.   The Exercise Price specified in the Award Agreement will not be less than 100 percent of the Fair Market Value of a share of Stock on the grant date. 

10.03 Exercise and Settling of SARs. 
  (a)  SARs will be exercisable subject to the terms specified in the Award Agreement; provided, however, that no SAR shall be exercisable more than 10 years after the grant date. 
  (b)  Except as otherwise provided in the Plan or in a related Award Agreement, a SAR may be exercised for all or any portion of the Shares for which it is then exercisable. A SAR shall be exercised by the delivery of a notice of exercise to the Company or its designee in a form specified by the Committee which sets forth the number of Shares with respect to which the SAR is to be exercised. Upon exercise, an SAR shall entitle a Participant to an amount equal to: (a) the excess of (i) the Fair Market Value of a Share on the exercise date over (ii) the exercise price per Share; multiplied by (b) the number of Shares with respect to which the SAR is exercised. A SAR may be settled in full Shares, cash or a combination thereof, as specified by the Committee in the related Award Agreement. 
  ARTICLE XI 
  TERMINATION 
  11.01 Retirement.   Unless specified otherwise in the Award Agreement or this Plan: 
  (a)  All Nonqualified Stock Options and SARs then held by a Retiring Participant (whether or not then exercisable) will be fully exercisable when the Participant Retires and may be exercised at any time before the earlier of: (i) the expiration date specified in the Award Agreement; or (ii) five years after the Retirement date (or any shorter period specified in the Award Agreement). 
  (b)  All Incentive Stock Options then held by a Retiring Participant (whether or not then exercisable) will be fully exercisable when the Participant Retires and may be exercised at any time before the earlier of: (i) the expiration date specified in the Award Agreement; or (ii) three months after the Retirement date (or any shorter period specified in the Award Agreement). However, an Incentive Stock Option that is not exercised within three months after the Retirement date will be treated as a Nonqualified Stock Option and may be exercised within the period described in Section 11.01(a). 
  (c)  All Restricted Stock granted to a Retiring Participant that is unvested when the Participant Retires will be fully vested when the Participant Retires. 
  (d)  A prorated portion of all Performance Awards granted to a Retiring Participant that are then subject to a pending Performance Period will be vested when the Participant Retires but only if the applicable Performance Criteria are met at the end of that Performance Period. The portion of the Performance Award vesting will be based on the extent to which the applicable Performance Criteria are met multiplied by the number of whole months between the beginning of the Performance Period and the date the Participant Retires and divided by the number of whole months included in the Performance Period. 
  11.02 Death or Disability.   Unless specified otherwise in the Award Agreement or this Plan: 
  (a)    All Nonqualified Stock Options and SARs then held by a Participant who dies or becomes 
  Disabled (whether or not then exercisable) will be fully exercisable when the Participant dies or becomes Disabled and may be exercised at any time before the earlier of: (i) the expiration date specified in the Award Agreement; or (ii) five years after the date of death or Disability (or any shorter period specified in the Award Agreement). 
  (b)    All Incentive Stock Options then held by a Disabled or dead Participant (whether or not then exercisable) will be fully exercisable when the Participant dies or becomes Disabled and may be exercised at any time before the earlier of: (i) the expiration date specified in the Award Agreement; or (ii) one year after the Termination date (or any shorter period specified in the Award Agreement). However, an Incentive Stock Option that is not exercised within one year after the Termination date will be treated as a Nonqualified Stock Option and may be exercised within the period described in Section 11.02(a). 
  (c)    All Restricted Stock granted to a Participant who dies or becomes Disabled that is unvested when the Participant dies or becomes Disabled will be fully vested when the Participant dies or becomes Disabled. 
  (d)    A prorated portion of all Performance Awards granted to a Participant who dies or becomes Disabled that are then subject to a pending Performance Period will be vested when the Participant dies or becomes Disabled but only if the applicable Performance Criteria are met at the end of that Performance Period. The portion of the Performance Award vesting will be based on the extent to which the applicable Performance Criteria are met multiplied by the number of whole months between the beginning of the Performance Period and the date the Participant dies or becomes Disabled and divided by the number of whole months included in the Performance Period. 
  11.03 Termination for Cause.   Unless specified otherwise in the Award Agreement or this Plan, all Awards that are outstanding (whether or not then exercisable) will be forfeited when (and if) a Participant terminates (or is deemed to have been terminated) for Cause. 
  11.04 Termination for any Other Reason.   Unless specified otherwise in the Award Agreement or this Plan (and except as provided in the next sentence of this section) or subsequently (but only to the extent permitted under Code  409A), any Awards  

that are outstanding when a Participant terminates for any reason not described in Sections 11.01 through 11.03 will be forfeited. However, any Options and SARs that are outstanding when a Participant is involuntarily terminated without Cause and which are then exercisable may be exercised at any time before the earlier of (a) the expiration date specified in the Award Agreement or (b) 30 days after the Termination date (or any shorter period specified in the Award Agreement) and all Options and SARs that are not then exercisable will terminate on the termination date. 
  ARTICLE XII 
  EFFECT OF CHANGE IN CONTROL 
  12.01 Accelerated Vesting and Settlement.   Upon a Change in Control, all of a Participant s Awards will be treated as provided in the related Award Agreement or in a separate written change in control or similar agreement between the Participant and the Company or any Related Entity. 
  12.02 Effect of Code  280G.   Unless specified otherwise in the Award Agreement or in another written agreement between the Participant and the Company or a Related Entity executed simultaneously with or before any Change in Control, if the sum (or value) of the payments pursuant to Section 12.01 constitute an  excess parachute payment  as defined in Code  280G(b)(1) when combined with all other parachute payments attributable to the same Change in Control, the Company or other entity making the payment ( Payor ) will reduce the Participant s benefits under this Plan so that the Participant s total  parachute payment  as defined in Code  280G(b)(2)(A) under this Plan, an Award Agreement and all other agreements will be $1.00 less than the amount that otherwise would generate an excise tax under Code  4999. If the reduction described in the preceding sentence applies, within 10 business days of the effective date of the event generating the payments (or, if later, the date of the Change in Control), the Payor will apprise the Participant of the amount of the reduction ( Notice of Reduction ). Within 10 business days of receiving that information, the Participant may specify, to the extent permitted under Code  409A, how and against which benefit or payment source, (including benefits and payment sources other than this Plan) the reduction is to be applied ( Notice of Allocation ). The Payor will be required to implement these directions within 10 business days of receiving the Notice of Allocation. If the Payor has not received a Notice of Allocation from the Participant within 10 business days of the date of the Notice of Reduction or if the allocation provided in the Notice of Allocation is not sufficient to fully implement the reduction described in this section, the Payor will apply the reduction described in this section proportionately based on the amounts otherwise payable under Section 12.01 or, if a Notice of Allocation has been returned that does not sufficiently implement the reduction described in this section, on the basis of the reductions specified in the Notice of Allocation. 
  ARTICLE XIII 
  AMENDMENT, MODIFICATION AND TERMINATION OF PLAN 
  The Company may terminate, suspend or amend the Plan at any time without shareholder approval except to the extent that shareholder approval is required to satisfy applicable requirements imposed by: (a) Rule 16b-3 under the Act, or any successor rule or regulation; (b) applicable requirements of the Code; or (c) any securities exchange, market or other quotation system on or through which the Company s securities are listed or traded. Also, no Plan amendment may: (d) result in the loss of a Committee member s or Equity Plan Board member s status as a  non-employee director  as defined in Rule 16b-3 under the Act, or any successor rule or regulation; (e) cause the Plan to fail to meet requirements imposed by Rule 16b-3; or (f) without the consent of the affected Participant (and except as specifically provided otherwise in this Plan or the Award Agreement), adversely affect any Award granted before the amendment, modification or termination. However, nothing in this section will restrict the Company s right to amend the Plan and any Award Agreements without any additional consideration to affected Participants to the extent necessary to avoid penalties arising under Code  409A, even if those amendments reduce, restrict or eliminate rights granted under the Plan or Award Agreement (or both) before those amendments. 
  ARTICLE XIV 
  MISCELLANEOUS 
  14.01 Assignability.   Except as described in this section or as provided in Section 14.02, an Award may not be transferred except by will or the laws of descent and distribution and, during the Participant s lifetime, may be exercised only by the Participant or the Participant s guardian or legal representative. However, with the permission of the Committee, a Participant or a specified group of Participants may transfer Awards (other than Incentive Stock Options) to a revocable inter vivos trust of which the Participant is the settlor, or may transfer Awards (other than Incentive Stock Options) to any member of the Participant s immediate family, any trust, whether revocable or irrevocable, established solely for the benefit of the Participant s immediate family, any partnership or limited liability company whose only partners or members are members of the Participant s immediate family or an organization described in Code  501(c)(3) ( Permissible Transferees ). Any Award transferred to a Permissible Transferee will continue to be subject to all of the terms and conditions that applied to the Award before the transfer and to any other rules prescribed  

by the Committee. A Permissible Transferee may not retransfer an Award except by will or the laws of descent and distribution and then only to another Permissible Transferee. 
  14.02 Beneficiary Designation.   Each Participant may name a Beneficiary or Beneficiaries (who may be named contingently or successively) to receive or to exercise any vested Award that is unpaid or unexercised at the Participant s death. Unless otherwise provided in the Beneficiary designation, each designation made will revoke all prior designations made by the same Participant, must be made on a form prescribed by the Committee and will be effective only when filed in writing with the Committee. If a Participant has not made an effective Beneficiary designation, the deceased Participant s Beneficiary will be his or her surviving spouse or, if none, the deceased Participant s estate. The identity of a Participant s designated Beneficiary will be based only on the information included in the latest Beneficiary designation form completed by the Participant and will not be inferred from any other evidence. 
  14.03 No Guarantee of Continuing Services.   Except as specifically provided elsewhere in the Plan, nothing in the Plan may be construed as: (a) interfering with or limiting the right of the Company or any Related Entity to terminate any Employee s employment at any time; (b) conferring on any Participant any right to continue as an Employee or director of the Company or any Related Entity; (c) guaranteeing that any Employee will be selected to be a Participant; or (d) guaranteeing that any Participant will receive any future Awards. 
  14.04 Tax Withholding. 
  (a)    The Company or Related Entity, as applicable, shall have the power and the right to deduct, 
  withhold or collect any amount required by law or regulation to be withheld with respect to any taxable event arising 
  with respect to an Award granted under the Plan. This amount may, as determined by the Equity Plan Board in its sole discretion, be: (i) withheld from other amounts due to the Participant; (ii) withheld from the value of any Award being settled or any Shares being transferred in connection with the exercise or settlement of an Award; (iii) withheld from the vested portion of any Award (including the Shares transferable thereunder), whether or not being exercised or settled at the time the taxable event arises; (iv) collected directly from the Participant; or (v) satisfied through any combination of the methods described above. 
  (b)    Subject to the approval of the Equity Plan Board, a Participant may elect to satisfy the withholding 
  requirement, in whole or in part, by having the Company or Related Entity, as applicable, withhold Shares having a Fair Market Value on the date the tax is to be determined equal to the minimum statutory total tax that could be imposed on the transaction; provided that such Shares would otherwise be distributable to the Participant at the time of the withholding and if such Shares are not otherwise distributable at the time of the withholding, provided that the Participant has a vested right to distribution of such Shares at such time. All such elections shall be irrevocable and made in writing and shall be subject to any terms and conditions that the Committee, in its sole discretion, deems appropriate. 
  14.05 Indemnification.   Each individual who is or was a member of the Board, the Equity Plan Board or the Committee will be indemnified and held harmless by the Company against and from any loss, cost, liability or expense that may be imposed upon or reasonably incurred by him or her in connection with or resulting from any claim, action, suit or proceeding to which he or she may be made a party or in which he or she may be involved by reason of any action taken or not taken under the Plan as a Board, Equity Plan Board or Committee member and against and from any and all amounts paid, with the Company s approval, by him or her in settlement of any matter related to or arising from the Plan as a Board, Equity Plan Board or Committee member or paid by him or her in satisfaction of any judgment in any action, suit or proceeding relating to or arising from the Plan against him or her as a Board, Equity Plan Board or Committee member, but only if he or she gives the Company an opportunity, at its own expense, to handle and defend the matter before he or she undertakes to handle and defend it in his or her own behalf. The right of indemnification described in this section is not exclusive and is independent of any other rights of indemnification to which the individual may be entitled under the Company s organizational documents, by contract, as a matter of law or otherwise. 
  14.06 No Limitation on Compensation.   Nothing in the Plan is to be construed to limit the right of the Company to establish other plans or to pay compensation to its employees or directors, in cash or property, in a manner not expressly authorized under the Plan. 
  14.07 Requirements of Law.   The grant of Awards and the issuance of Shares will be subject to all applicable laws, rules and regulations and to all required approvals of any governmental agencies or national securities exchange, market or other quotation system. Also, no Shares will be issued under the Plan unless the Company is satisfied that the issuance of those Shares will comply with applicable federal and state securities laws. Certificates for Shares delivered under the Plan may be subject to any stock transfer orders and other restrictions that the Equity Plan Board believes to be advisable under the rules, regulations and other requirements of the Securities and Exchange Commission, any stock exchange or other recognized market or quotation system upon which the Stock is then listed or traded, or any other applicable federal or state securities law. The Committee may  

cause a legend or legends to be placed on any certificates issued under the Plan to make appropriate reference to restrictions within the scope of this section. 
  14.08 Governing Law.   The Plan, and all agreements hereunder, will be construed in accordance with and governed by the laws (other than laws governing conflicts of laws) of the State of Ohio. 
  14.09 No Impact on Benefits.   Plan Awards are not compensation for purposes of calculating a Participant s rights under any employee benefit plan that does not specifically require the inclusion of Awards in calculating benefits. 
  14.10 Code  409A Compliance.   It is intended that Awards granted under the Plan are either exempt from the application of, or comply with, Code  409A and the Plan shall be interpreted, administered and operated accordingly. Nothing herein shall be construed as an entitlement to or guarantee of any particular tax treatment to a Participant. 
  14.11 Savings Clause  . In the event that any provision of the Plan shall be held illegal or invalid for any reason, the illegality or invalidity shall not affect the remaining provisions of the Plan, and the Plan shall be construed and enforced as if the illegal or invalid provision had not been included. 
  ARTICLE XV 
  EFFECTIVE DATE AND TERM OF THE PLAN 
  The effective date of the Plan shall be the date on which the Plan is approved by the Company s shareholders and the Plan shall terminate and no Awards may be granted after the tenth anniversary of this date. Notwithstanding the foregoing, no Incentive Stock Options shall be granted more than ten years after the date the Plan is approved by the Board. The termination of the Plan shall not preclude the Company from complying with the terms of Awards outstanding on the date the Plan terminates.   

</EX-10.3>

<EX-10.4>
 5
 hban20160930_10qex104.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.4

Exhibit 

Exhibit 10.4 

FIRSTMERIT CORPORATION 
  2011 EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN 
  TIME-BASED RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AWARD AGREEMENT 
    
    Effective as of the grant date specified on   Exhibit A   hereto (the  Grant Date ), FirstMerit Corporation (the  Company ) has granted to the individual identified on   Exhibit A   hereto (the  Participant ) an Award consisting of a number of time-based restricted stock units of the Company as specified on   Exhibit A   hereto (the  RSUs ), each of which will entitle the Participant to receive one Share subject to the terms and conditions described in the FirstMerit Corporation 2011 Equity Incentive Plan (the  Plan ) and this Time-Based Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (this  Award Agreement ).  For the avoidance of doubt, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in Section 2A (or any similar provision) of the Participant s Change in Control Agreement (as defined below), in no event shall any RSU become nonforfeitable solely as a result of the consummation of the transactions contemplated by the Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of January 25, 2016, by and among Huntington Bancshares Incorporated, the Company, and West Subsidiary Corporation.  
  1.        Certain Definitions  .  Capitalized terms used, but not otherwise defined, in this Award Agreement will have the meanings given to such terms in the Plan.  
           2. 
    Vesting of RSUs  .  The RSUs will become nonforfeitable as follows: 
              a. 
    Normal Vesting  . Provided that the contingency described on   Exhibit A   is satisfied, the RSUs shall become nonforfeitable (and payable to the Participant pursuant to Section 4 hereof) (the  Earned Shares ) (i) to the extent of one-third of the RSUs after the Participant shall have been in the continuous employ of the Company or a subsidiary for one full year from the Grant Date (the  First Vesting Date ) and (ii) to the extent of an additional one-third of the RSUs after each of the next two successive years thereafter during which the Participant shall have been in the continuous employ of the Company or a subsidiary (the  Second Vesting Date  and the  Final Vesting Date , respectively) (any of the First Vesting Date, the Second Vesting Date and the Final Vesting Date is referred to as a  Vesting Date  provided, that the number of Earned Shares may be reduced by the Committee in its sole discretion, including to zero, prior to settlement of the RSUs pursuant to Section 4 hereof if the Committee determines that the individual performance of the Participant after the Grant Date is unsatisfactory.  For purposes of this Award Agreement, the continuous employment of the Participant with the Company or a subsidiary will not be deemed to have been interrupted, and the Participant shall not be deemed to have ceased to be an employee of the Company or a subsidiary, by reason of the transfer of the Participant s employment among the Company, its subsidiaries or any of their successors.  Except as provided in Section 2.b below, any RSUs that do not become nonforfeitable because either the contingency described on   Exhibit A   is not satisfied or the Participant ceases to be continuously employed by the Company, its subsidiary or any of their successors prior to the Final Vesting Date will be forfeited.   
              b. 
    Special Vesting  . Provided that the contingency described on   Exhibit A   is satisfied, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section 2, if the Participant dies, terminates employment with the Company and its subsidiaries as a result of Disability or Retires prior to the Final Vesting Date, then any RSUs that have not previously become nonforfeitable will become nonforfeitable as of the date of such death, termination of employment due to Disability  

or Retirement (and payable to the Participant pursuant to Section 4 hereof); provided, that the number of RSUs becoming nonforfeitable pursuant to this Section 2.b. may be reduced by the Committee in its sole discretion, including to zero, prior to settlement of the RSUs pursuant to Section 4 hereof if the Committee determines that the individual performance of the Participant after the Grant Date is unsatisfactory.  For purposes of this Award Agreement,  Retires  or  Retirement  means that the Participant voluntarily terminates employment with the Company and its subsidiaries after attaining the age of 65 (other than at a time during which the Company has Cause to terminate the Participant s employment). 
           c. 
    Change in Control Termination Protection  .  Provided that the contingency described on   Exhibit A   is satisfied, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section 2 or in Section 2A (or any similar provision) of the Participant s Change in Control Agreement, if, prior to the Final Vesting Date, the Participant s employment is involuntarily terminated by the Company (or its successor) without Cause (as defined in the Plan) or by the Participant for Good Reason (as defined below) on account of or following the date of consummation of  a Change in Control, then any RSUs that have not previously become nonforfeitable will become nonforfeitable as of the date of such termination (and payable to the Participant pursuant to Section 4 hereof).        
              d. 
    Change Entity  .     For purposes of this Agreement, the entity resulting from a Change in Control (including, if appropriate, the Company) or succeeding to the Company s interest in connection with a Change in Control is referred to as the  Change Entity.  
              e. 
    Good Reason  .  For purposes of this Agreement, the term  Good Reason  shall mean any of the following to which the Participant has not specifically consented in writing:  
               (i) at any time during the Protection Period (as defined in Section 2(f) below), any breach of the Participant s Change in Control Termination Agreement ( Change in Control Agreement ) (including breach of the commitments undertaken under paragraph 9(d) of the Change in Control Agreement of any nature whatsoever) by or on behalf of the Company or any Subsidiary before a Change in Control or, after a Change in Control, the Change Entity or any Related Entity;  
            (ii) at any time during the Protection Period, a reduction in the Participant s title, duties, responsibilities or status, as compared to either (y) the Participant s title, duties, responsibilities or status immediately before the beginning of the Protection Period or (z) any enhanced or increased title, duties, responsibilities or status assigned to the Participant during the Protection Period;   
            (iii) at any time during the Protection Period, the permanent assignment to the Participant of duties that are inconsistent with (y) the Participant s office immediately before the beginning of the Protection Period or (z) any more senior office to which the Participant is promoted during the Protection Period;  
            (iv) during any calendar year ending during the Protection Period (or any fractional calendar year ending within the Protection Period), a 15 percent (or larger) reduction (other than a reduction that is attributable to any termination for death, after reaching age 65 (but only if the Participant is then entitled to an immediate, unreduced benefit under a deferred compensation plan described in Section 401(a) of the Code), Disability or Cause, voluntary termination by the Participant other than for Good Reason or for any period of temporary absence protected by law or initiated by the Participant and approved by the Employer) in the aggregate value of the highest of the Participant s total compensation for  

the calendar year ending before the Date of Termination (including base salary, cash bonus potential, the value of employee benefits, other than value associated solely with the performance of investments the Participant controls, and fringe benefits but excluding compensation attributable to the exercise or liquidation of stock options) or, if higher, the Participant s total compensation for the last calendar year ending before the beginning of the Protection Period (including base salary, cash bonus potential, the value of employee benefits, other than value associated solely with the performance of investments the Participant controls, and fringe benefits) but, in both cases, determined without regard to any amounts, paid or payable, under paragraphs 6, 7, 8 and 11 of the Change in Control Agreement;  
            (v) at any time during the Protection Period, a requirement that the Participant relocate to a principal office or worksite (or accept indefinite assignment) to a location more than 50 miles distant from (y) the principal office or worksite to which the Participant was assigned immediately before the beginning of the Protection Period or (z) any location to which the Participant agreed, in writing, to be assigned after a Change in Control;  
            (vi) at any time during the Protection Period, the imposition on the Participant of business travel obligations substantially greater than the Participant s business travel obligations during the 12-consecutive-calendar-month period ending immediately before the beginning of the Protection Period but determined without regard to any special business travel obligations associated with activities relating to the Change in Control;  
            (vii) at any time during the Protection Period, the Employer s (u) failure to continue in effect any material fringe benefit or compensation plan, retirement or deferred compensation plan, life insurance plan, health and accident plan, sick pay plan or disability plan in which the Participant is participating (or was eligible to participate) immediately before the beginning of the Protection Period, (v) modification of any of the plans or programs just described that adversely affects the potential value of the Participant s benefits under those plans (other than value associated solely with the performance of investments the Participant controls) or (w) failure to provide the Participant, after a Change in Control, with the same number of paid vacation days to which the Participant is or becomes entitled at or under the terms of the Employer s vacation policy or program. However, Good Reason will not arise under this subsection solely because (x) the Company or any Subsidiary before a Change in Control or, after a Change in Control, the Change Entity or any Related Entity terminates or modifies any such program during the Protection Period solely to comply with applicable law but only to the extent required to meet applicable legal standards, (y) a plan or benefit program expires under self-executing terms contained in that plan or benefit program before the Change in Control or (z) the Company or any Subsidiary before a Change in Control or, after a Change in Control, the Change Entity or any Related Entity replaces a plan or program with a successor plan or program of equal or equivalent value to the Participant;  
            (viii) for the duration of any period of any absence from active employment that begins or continues at any time during the Protection Period, failure to provide or continue for the Participant any benefits (including disability benefits) available to employees who are absent from active employment (including because of disability) under programs maintained by the Company, the Change Entity or any Related Entity on the date the absence (including disability) begins;  

(ix) during the Protection Period, the Participant is unable to perform normally assigned duties because of a physical or mental condition and before his/her Disability is established under paragraph 4(a), the Company or any Subsidiary before a Change in Control or, after a Change in Control, the Change Entity or any Related Entity terminates the Participant before the end of the Disability determination period described in paragraph 4(a);  
            (x) during the Protection Period, the Company or any Subsidiary before a Change in Control or, after a Change in Control, the Change Entity or any Related Entity unsuccessfully attempts to terminate the Participant for Cause, in which case the Effective Period will not end earlier than 60 days after the conclusion of the Employer s unsuccessful attempt to terminate the Participant for Cause;  
            (xi) during the Protection Period, the Employer attempts to amend or terminate the Participant s Change in Control Agreement without regard to the procedures described in paragraphs 10 or 13 of that agreement;  
            (xii) failure at any time to obtain an assumption of the Company s or any Subsidiary s, before a Change in Control, or, after a Change in Control, the Change Entity s or any Related Entity s obligations under the change in Control Agreement by any successor to any of them, regardless of whether such entity becomes a successor to the Company or any Subsidiary, before a Change in Control, or, after a Change in Control, the Change Entity or any Related Entity as a result of a merger, consolidation, sale of assets or any other form of reorganization; or  
            (xiii) termination of employment which is not effected pursuant to a Notice of Termination satisfying the requirements of paragraph 5 of the Change in control Agreement. 
           f. 
    Protection Period  .  For purposes of this Agreement,  Protection Period  means the period beginning on the date the Board of Directors of FirstMerit Corporation first learns of an act or event that results in a Change in Control, even if that period begins before the effective date, and ending on the last day of the number of calendar months specified in Item 10 on Exhibit A of the Participant s Change in Control Agreement beginning coincident with or immediately after a Change in Control. 
              3. 
    Dividend Equivalents  .  With respect to both RSUs that have not yet become nonforfeitable and Earned Shares, until such date as the RSUs or Earned Shares may be forfeited or settled as provided for in this Award Agreement, the Company will pay the Participant dividend equivalents with respect to the RSUs and Earned Shares in an amount equal to any dividends that would have been declared with respect to such RSUs and Earned Shares if they had been issued and outstanding Shares from the Grant Date through the date of such payment.  Any such dividend equivalents will be paid on a quarterly basis, without interest, in (a) cash for any dividend equivalents relating to cash dividends and (b) Shares for any dividend equivalents relating to Share dividends, within 15 days following the date on which the corresponding dividends were paid to the Company s shareholders. 
              4. 
    Settlement  . Any Shares to be delivered to the Participant in respect of Earned Shares pursuant to Section 2 hereof shall be delivered to the Participant (a) within 10 days following the applicable Vesting Date with respect to any Shares to be delivered pursuant to Section 2.a., (b) within 10 days following the date of the Participant s death, termination of employment as a result of Disability or Retirement with respect to any Earned Shares to be delivered pursuant to Section 2.b., or (c)  

within 10 days following the date of the Participant s involuntary termination without Cause or Participant s voluntary termination for Good Reason with respect to any Shares to be delivered pursuant to a Change in Control under Section 2.c., in the case of each of clauses (b) and (c), subject to Section 7.l.  
           5. 
    Restrictions on Transfer of RSUs  .  Subject to Section 14.01 of the Plan, neither the RSUs granted hereby nor any interest therein (including any dividend equivalent) or in Shares related thereto shall be transferable prior to settlement thereof pursuant to Section 4 hereof other than by will or pursuant to the laws of descent and distribution (or to a designated Beneficiary in the event of the Participant s death). 
              6. 
    Restrictive Covenants  :  
              a. 
    Non-Solicitation  .  The Participant acknowledges and agrees that as a condition to and in consideration of the grant of this Award, during the term of the Participant s employment and for a period of 12 months thereafter (the  Non-Solicitation Period ), the Participant will not, directly or indirectly: 
              i. 
    Solicit, engage or otherwise interfere with any customer or client who is at that time or was within the preceding 90 days a customer or client of the Company or any Related Entity (the  Protected Party ) for the purposes of directly or indirectly furnishing any financial or banking services that a national banking association, bank holding company, state bank, savings and loan association or other regulated financial institution is permitted by law to conduct or furnish either during the Participant s employment or as of the date the Participant s employment is terminated, as applicable. 
              ii. 
    Employ, solicit for employment, engage or otherwise interfere with any person who is at that time or was within the preceding 90 days employed by the Protected Party, or otherwise directly or indirectly induce or take any action which would encourage or influence any such person to leave that person s employment or terminate, reduce or modify their business or relationship with the Protected Party. 
              b. 
    Nondisclosure and Non-Appropriation of Information  .  The Participant recognizes and acknowledges that while employed by the Company and all Related Entities, the Participant will have access to, learn, be provided with and, in some cases, prepare and create, certain confidential information, proprietary information or Trade Secrets (as defined below) of the Protected Party, including, but not limited to, processes, financial information, pricing information, operating techniques, marketing processes, training techniques, customer, vendor, and referral source lists, price and cost information, files and forms, (collectively, the  Trade Secrets ), all of which are of substantial value to the Protected Party and the businesses conducted by it.   The Participant expressly covenants and agrees that the Participant will: 
              i. 
    Hold in a fiduciary capacity and will not reveal, communicate, use or cause to be used for the Participant s own benefit or divulge during the period of employment by the Company and all Related Entities and for an indefinite period thereafter, any confidential information, proprietary information or Trade Secrets now or hereafter owned by the Protected Party; 
              ii. 
    Not sell, exchange, give away, or otherwise dispose of confidential information, proprietary information or Trade Secrets now or hereafter owned by the Protected Party, whether the same will or may have been originated or discovered by the Protected Party, the Participant or otherwise; 

iii. 
    Not reveal, divulge or make known to any person, firm, company or corporation any confidential information, proprietary information or Trade Secrets of the Protected Party, unless such communication is required pursuant to a compulsory proceeding in which the Participant s failure to provide such confidential information, proprietary information or Trade Secrets would subject the Participant to criminal or civil sanctions and then only to the extent that the Participant provides prior notice the Protected Party prior to disclosure. 
              iv. 
    Return to the Company or any other Protected Party, either before or within 24 hours following the Participant s termination of employment with the Company and all Related Entities any and all written information, material or equipment that constitutes, contains or relates in any way to confidential information, proprietary information, Trade Secrets and any other documents, equipment, and material of any kind relating in any way to the business of the Protected Party that are in the Participant s possession, custody and control and which are or may be property of Protected Party, whether confidential or not, including any and all copies thereof which may have been made by or for the Participant, and that the Participant will maintain no copies thereof after termination of the Participant s employment. 
              c. 
    Other Terms and Conditions  .  
              i. 
    The Participant acknowledges that the Participant is entering into this Award Agreement voluntarily and has given careful consideration to the restraints imposed by this Award Agreement.  Irrespective of the manner of any employment termination, the restraints imposed by this Award Agreement will be operative during their full time periods and throughout the restrictive areas set forth in this Award Agreement.  The Participant further acknowledges that if the Participant s employment with the Company and all Related Entities terminates for any reason, the Participant can earn a livelihood without violating the foregoing restrictions and that the Participant s ability to earn a livelihood without violating these restrictions is a material employment condition.  The Participant acknowledges and recognizes that if the Participant s employment terminates for any reason, this Section 6 will survive any such termination and any expiration of this Award Agreement.  Further, the Participant agrees and consents that this Award Agreement is assignable by the Company. 
              ii. 
    The Participant agrees that if a court of law finds that the provisions of this Award Agreement are unenforceable, then such court of law may enforce those restrictions and limitations which are acceptable and deemed enforceable by the court. 
              iii. 
    In the event the Participant breaches the terms of this Award Agreement, it is agreed that all time periods contained in this Award Agreement will be tolled until the Participant ceases to breach this Award Agreement. 
              iv. 
    The restrictive covenants and the Non-Solicitation Period provided for herein will not be construed to limit the application of any other restrictive covenant or restriction period set forth in any other agreement entered into between the Participant and the Company or a Related Entity. 
              v. 
    If the Participant violates any of the restrictive covenants described in this Section 6,  the Participant will be required to reimburse the Company in an amount equal to the Fair Market Value of the Shares underlying any RSUs (determined on the date that the RSUs became nonforfeitable) that became nonforfeitable (regardless of the reason they became nonforfeitable) within the period beginning one year prior to the Participant s termination and ending on the Participant s date of termination, net of any taxes withheld (the  Clawback Amount ). The Clawback Amount will be  

paid, within 30 days after demand, either in cash or by returning to the Company a number of Shares with a Fair Market Value equal to such Clawback Amount.  Nothing in this Section 6.c.v will prevent a Protected Party from seeking any other relief or remedy described in Section 6.d of this Award Agreement. 
    
           d. 
    Injunction  .   The parties acknowledge and agree, due to the subject matter of this Award Agreement, that money damages will be an inadequate remedy for a breach by the Participant of any of the obligations hereunder.  Consequently, if the Participant breaches or threatens to breach any of the obligations under this Award Agreement, the Participant agrees that the Protected Party will have the right, in addition to any other rights or remedies available to it at law or in equity, to obtain equitable relief, including, without limitation, injunctive relief and specific performance, in the event of any breach or threatened breach. Further, the parties hereto agree and declare that it may be impossible to measure in monetary terms the damages that may accrue to any Protected Party by reason of the Participant s violation of this Award Agreement.  Therefore, in the event that a Protected Party or any successor in interest thereto, will institute an action or proceeding to enforce the provisions of this Award Agreement, each party or other person against whom such action or proceeding is brought will and hereby does, in advance, waive the claim or defense that there is adequate remedy at law. In the event such injunctive relief is warranted and obtained by the Protected Party, the Participant agrees to pay all costs of that action, including reasonable attorney fees. 
     7.        Other Terms and Conditions  : 
  a.     Beneficiary Designation  .     The Participant may name a Beneficiary or Beneficiaries (who may be named contingently or successively) to receive Shares in settlement of any RSUs that are so settled after the Participant s death.  Each Beneficiary designation made will revoke all prior Beneficiary designations, must be made on a form prescribed by the Committee and will be effective only when filed in writing with the Committee.  If the Participant has not made an effective Beneficiary designation, the Beneficiary will be the Participant s surviving spouse (or if there is no surviving spouse, the Participant s estate).  
  b.    Tax Withholding  . Unless otherwise determined by the Committee, the Participant may elect to satisfy any tax withholding obligation with respect to the RSUs or any Shares issued in settlement thereof, in whole or in part, by having withheld, from the Shares so required to be delivered to the Participant, Shares having a value equal to the amount required to be withheld or by delivering to the Company other Shares held by such Participant.  The Shares used for tax withholding will be valued at an amount equal to the Fair Market Value of such Shares on the date the benefit is to be included in Participant s income.  In no event will the Fair Market Value of the Shares to be withheld or delivered pursuant to this Section 7.b to satisfy applicable withholding taxes in connection with the benefit exceed the minimum amount of taxes required to be withheld.  In addition, unless otherwise determined by the Committee, the Company or a Related Entity, as applicable, shall deduct, withhold or collect any amount required by law or regulation to be withheld with respect to any dividend equivalents related to the RSUs. 
  c.    Governing Law  .  This Award Agreement will be construed in accordance with, and governed by the laws (other than laws governing conflicts of laws) of, the State of Ohio.  In the event of any dispute or controversy arising under or in connection with this Award Agreement, the parties consent to the jurisdiction of the Common Pleas Court of the State of Ohio (Summit County) or The United States District Court for the Northern District of Ohio, Eastern Division. 

d.    RSUs Subject to Plan  . The RSUs are subject to the terms and conditions described in this Award Agreement and the Plan, which is incorporated by reference into and made a part of this Award Agreement.  In the event of a conflict between the terms of the Plan and the terms of this Award Agreement, the terms of the Plan will govern, although in all cases, the vesting provisions in connection with a Change in Control as set forth in this Award Agreement shall apply, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Plan.  The Committee has the sole responsibility of interpreting the Plan and this Award Agreement, and its determination of the meaning of any provision in the Plan or this Award Agreement will be binding on the Participant.  
           e. 
    Other Agreements  .  The RSUs and this Award Agreement will be subject to the terms of any other written agreements between the Participant and the Company and any Related Entity to the extent that those other agreements do not directly conflict with the terms of the Plan or this Award Agreement, although in all cases, the vesting provisions in connection with a Change in Control as set forth in this Award Agreement shall apply, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in any such other agreement. 
              f. 
    Assignment  .  This Award Agreement will be binding upon the Company and the Participant, their respective heirs, personal representatives, executors, administrators, and successors.  The Company may freely assign or transfer this Award Agreement without the Participant s consent. 
              g. 
    Acknowledgement; Return of Agreement  .  This Award Agreement (and the RSUs and related dividend equivalents) automatically will be revoked unless the Participant accepts the acknowledgement appearing at the end of this Award Agreement no later than 30 days after the Grant Date. 
              h. 
    Listing, Registration, Qualification  . If the Board concludes that the listing, registration or qualification upon any securities exchange, under any state or federal law, or the approval or consent of any governmental body is necessary or desirable as a condition to the issuance of the RSUs or any Shares in settlement thereof, such RSUs or Shares may not be issued in whole or in part unless and until that listing, registration, qualification or approval has been obtained, free of any conditions which are not acceptable to the Board and the sale and delivery of Shares under this Award Agreement is also subject to the same requirements and conditions. 
              i. 
    Clawback  .  This Award Agreement, the RSUs and any Shares issued in settlement of the RSUs (including any related dividend equivalents) shall be subject to the Company s incentive compensation recoupment or clawback policy, as in effect from time to time. 
              j. 
    Amendment  . Any amendment to the Plan will be deemed to be an amendment to this Award Agreement to the extent that the amendment is applicable to this Award Agreement; provided, however, that no amendment will adversely affect the rights of Participant with respect to this Award Agreement without the Participant s consent. 
       
           k. 
    Severability  .  In the event that one or more of the provisions of this Award Agreement is invalidated for any reason by a court of competent jurisdiction, any provision so invalidated will be deemed to be separable from the other provisions of this Agreement, and the remaining provisions of this Agreement will continue to be valid and fully enforceable. 
              l. 
    Compliance with Section 409A of the Code  .  To the extent applicable, it is intended that this Award Agreement and the Plan comply with the provisions of Section 409A of the Code, so that the income inclusion provisions of Section 409A(a)(1) of the Code do not apply to the Participant.  This Award Agreement and the Plan shall be administered in a manner consistent with this intent.  Consistent with that intent, and to the extent required  

under Section 409A of the Code, for Earned Shares that are to be delivered in connection with a termination of employment,  termination of employment  or any similar term shall be limited to such a termination that constitutes a  separation from service  under Section 409A of the Code.  Notwithstanding any provision of this Award Agreement to the contrary, if, as of the date of termination the Participant is a  specified employee  (as defined in Section 409A of the Code and determined in accordance with the Company s policies), any Earned Shares to be settled on account of the  Participant s separation from service will nonetheless be delayed until the first business day of the seventh month following Participant s date of termination.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, no particular tax result for the Participant with respect to any income recognized by the Participant in connection with this Award Agreement is guaranteed. 

EXHIBIT A TO THE AWARD AGREEMENT 
    
  TIME-BASED RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AWARD AGREEMENT 
    
  1.  Participant Name:___________________________ 
  2.  Grant Date:__________________________, 2016 
  3.  Number of Time-Based Restricted Stock Units ( RSUs ): _________________ 
  4.  Contingency:  In order for any RSUs to become nonforfeitable (and payable) under the Award Agreement, the Company s net income for 2016 must equal or exceed $34,854,750 (which amount is equal to 15% of the Company s net income for 2015).  If during the Performance Period the Company experiences the consummation of a deal, merger, corporate transaction, change in control, or other event the result of which is that the Company does not continue as the surviving entity, then the above-described performance threshold will be measured and prorated based on the number of full months completed during the Performance Period.  For purposes of this   Exhibit A  ,  net income  means the Company s net income (as reported in the Company s annual report for the applicable fiscal year end) subject to adjustments for certain extraordinary or special items, in the form and manner determined in the Committee s sole discretion and in compliance with IRS regulations, for any: change in accounting policy; gain/loss on disposition of assets or business; charge for goodwill impairment; extraordinary legal/regulatory settlements; extraordinary market conditions; significant currency fluctuations; effects of nature or man-made disasters; hyperinflation; change in statutory tax rates/regulations; charges or costs associated with Board-approved restructurings of the Company; directly-related acquisition costs or expenses, including professional and termination costs or expenses results of discontinued operations held for sale after sale closing; other extraordinary, unusual or infrequently occurring items as determined under U.S. generally accepted accounting principles ( GAAP   
  ACKNOWLEDGEMENT 
    
  By accepting this agreement, the Participant acknowledges and agrees that: 

A copy of the Plan and Award Agreement have been made available to the Participant; 

The Participant has received a copy of the Plan s Prospectus; 

The Participant has read and understands and accepts the conditions placed on the RSUs, including the clawback provision described in Section 6.c.v of the Award Agreement; 

If the Participant does not return a signed copy of this Award Agreement, including   Exhibit A  , to the address shown below not later than 30 days after the Grant Date, the RSUs (and related dividend equivalents) will be forfeited and the Award Agreement shall terminate and be of no further force or effect. 

FirstMerit Corporation 
  Compensation Department, CAS 82 
  III Cascade Plaza 
  Akron, Ohio 44308 

Notice of Restricted Stock Award of FirstMerit Corporation 

Company Name        FirstMerit Corporation 
    
  Plan                FirstMerit Corporation 2011 Equity Incentive Plan 
    
  Participant Name         first_name   middle_name   last_name  
    
  Participant Address         address_1  
   address_2   
   City ,  state    zip  
    
  Grant/Award Type        Restricted Stock Award 
    
  Share Amount             shares_awarded  
    
  Grant/Award Price         award_price  
    
  Grant/Award Date        April 1, 2016 
    
  Expiration Date            April 21, 2019  

VESTING SCHEDULE 
    
   vesting_schedule  

</EX-10.4>

<EX-10.5>
 6
 hban20160930_10qex105.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.5

Exhibit 

Exhibit 10.5 
    
                  Retention Award for Sandy Pierce 
  Restricted Stock Unit (RSU) - Key Terms   Conditions   (1)  
  2015 Long-Term Incentive Plan 
      Grant Type 
    Equivalent of full-value shares with a time-lapse (service) restriction - settled in shares of HBI stock. 
      Vesting Schedule 
    1/3 of the RSUs will vest on each of the first three anniversaries of the Grant Date, as long as you are continuously employed at the time of each vesting date.  
      Deferred Settlement 
    Notwithstanding any earlier vesting, vested RSUs will be transferred to participant s Executive Deferred Compensation Account and settled upon a  separation of service , subject to the 6-month delay under IRC Section 409A, if applicable. 
      Grant Date 
    August 16, 2016 
      Grant Price 
    Fair Market Value defined as closing price of HBI stock as quoted on NASDAQ on the Effective Date. 
      Dividends 
    Dividends will be accumulated and reinvested in the form of additional RSUs, and will be settled as described above once the underlying shares have vested. 
      Voluntary Termination of Employment 
    Unvested RSUs and accumulated dividends in the form of RSUs are forfeited upon termination (except in the case of retirement, see below). 
      Involuntary Termination of Employment for Cause   (2)   
    Unvested RSUs and accumulated dividends in the form of RSUs are forfeited upon termination.  
      Involuntary Termination of Employment Not for Cause 
    Restrictions will lapse and unvested RSUs and accumulated dividends in the form of RSUs will accelerate and be settled as described above, as long as the date of the termination is at least 6 months after the grant date 
      Termination Due to Retirement 
    Age 55 with 10 years of service at the time of Retirement:    Prorated number of unvested RSUs and accumulated dividends in the form of RSUs will be vested and  be settled as described above, based on the time period from grant date to retirement date as long as the retirement date is at least 6 months after the grant date. 
  Age 59   with 4 years of service at the time of Retirement:     Restrictions will lapse and unvested RSUs and accumulated dividends in the form of RSUs will accelerate and  be settled as described above, as long as the retirement date is at least 6 months after the grant date 
      Termination Due to Disability or Death 
    Restrictions will lapse and unvested RSUs and accumulated dividends in the form of RSUs will accelerate and be settled as described above, as long as the date of the termination due to disability or death is at least 6 months after the grant date.  In the event of death, shares will be released to a designated beneficiary (if filed with the Compensation department) or to the deceased s estate. 
      Change in Control 
  (HBAN) 
    Restrictions will lapse and unvested RSUs and accumulated dividends in the form of RSUs will accelerate and be settled as described above, as long as the date of the event is at least 6 months after the grant date   and   within 12 months after a Change in Control where the Participant s service has been terminated by the Corporation (provided that such termination is for a reason other than for Cause).    
      Award Agreement 
    Provides the terms and conditions of the RSU grant, including terms related to non-solicitation and confidentiality, as well as a non-competition provision for retirees in limited circumstances (see  Retirement  for age 59   and 4 years of service above), which must be accepted by the date specified in the Award Agreement.  If not accepted by this date, the shares related to the RSU award will be cancelled. 
        
   (1)   Terms and conditions of this grant will be governed under the 2015 Long-Term Incentive Plan and the award agreement in respect thereof.  If any inconsistencies arise between the description above and  the Plan or Award Agreement, and with respect to terms not addressed above, the Plan and Award Agreement will control.     
    
   (2)   Cause   is defined under the 2015 Long-Term Incentive Plan.  
    
  If the participant s employment terminates due to Death, Disability or Involuntary Termination Not for Cause during the 6 month period following the Grant Date, the award will be forfeited in full and the Grant Date value of the award will be credited to the participant s account under a deferred compensation plan maintained by Huntington.  

</EX-10.5>

<EX-31.1>
 7
 hban20160930_10qex311.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 

Exhibit 31.1 
  CERTIFICATION 
  I, Stephen D. Steinour, certify that: 
           1. 
    I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Huntington Bancshares Incorporated; 
              2. 
    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
              3. 
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
              4. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)), for the registrant and have: 
              a) 
    designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
              b) 
    designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
              c) 
    evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
              d) 
    disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
              5. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
              a) 
    all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize, and report financial information; and 
              b) 
    any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
       
                       Date: 
    November 8, 2016 

/s/  
    Stephen D. Steinour 

Stephen D. Steinour 

Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 8
 hban20160930_10qex312.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 

Exhibit 31.2 
  CERTIFICATION 
  I, Howell D. McCullough III, certify that: 
           1. 
    I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Huntington Bancshares Incorporated; 
              2. 
    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
              3. 
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
              4. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)), for the registrant and have: 
              5. 
    designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
              a) 
    designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
              b) 
    evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
              c) 
    disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
              6. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
              a) 
    all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize, and report financial information; and 
              b) 
    any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
                          Date: 
    November 8, 2016 

/s/ 
    Howell D. McCullough III 

Howell D. McCullough III 

Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 9
 hban20160930_10qex321.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 

Exhibit 32.1 
  SECTION 1350 CERTIFICATION 
  In connection with the Quarterly Report of Huntington Bancshares Incorporated (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the three months ended   September 30, 2016  , as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Stephen D. Steinour, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.   1350, as adopted pursuant to   906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 
           (1) 
    The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 
              (2) 
    The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

/s/  
    Stephen D. Steinour 

Stephen D. Steinour 

Chief Executive Officer 

November 8, 2016 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 10
 hban20160930_10qex322.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

Exhibit 

Exhibit 32.2 
  SECTION 1350 CERTIFICATION 
  In connection with the Quarterly Report of Huntington Bancshares Incorporated (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the three months ended   September 30, 2016  , as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Howell D. McCullough III, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.   1350, as adopted pursuant to   906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 
           (1) 
    The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 
              (2) 
    The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

/s/  
    Howell D. McCullough III 

Howell D. McCullough III 

Chief Financial Officer 

November 8, 2016 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 11
 hban-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 12
 hban-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 13
 hban-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 14
 hban-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 15
 hban-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 16
 hban-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

