<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161103_10-Q_edgar_data_1056386_0001571049-16-019427_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>3293384</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>69994</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>200520</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>664625</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1477246</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>808923</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>29</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001571049-16-019427.hdr.sgml : 20161103
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161103171515
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001571049-16-019427
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		62
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161103
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161103

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Internap Corp
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001056386
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-COMPUTER PROGRAMMING, DATA PROCESSING, ETC. [7370]
		IRS NUMBER:				912145721
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-31989
		FILM NUMBER:		161972735

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		ONE RAVINIA DRIVE, SUITE 1300
		CITY:			ATLANTA
		STATE:			GA
		ZIP:			30346
		BUSINESS PHONE:		404-302-9700

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		ONE RAVINIA DRIVE, SUITE 1300
		CITY:			ATLANTA
		STATE:			GA
		ZIP:			30346

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	INTERNAP NETWORK SERVICES CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20010918

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	INTERNAP NETWORK SERVICES CORP/WA
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19990721

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001571049-16-019427.txt : 20161103

10-Q
 1
 t1600681_10q.htm
 FORM 10-Q

UNITED STATES  
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION  
 WASHINGTON, DC 20549  

FORM 10-Q  

(Mark One)  

For the quarterly period ended September
30, 2016  

  OR  

For the transition period from _______
to ______  

Commission File Number: 001-31989  

INTERNAP CORPORATION  

  (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified
in Its Charter)  

Delaware  
      91-2145721   
 
      (State or Other Jurisdiction of  
      (I.R.S. Employer   
 
      Incorporation or Organization)  
      Identification No.)   

One Ravinia Drive, Suite 1300  
 Atlanta, Georgia 30346  
 (Address of Principal Executive Offices, Including Zip Code)  

(404) 302-9700  
 (Registrant s Telephone Number, Including Area Code)  

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed
all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or
for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements
for the past 90 days. Yes  x  No     

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted
electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant
to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit
and post such files). Yes  x  No     

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated
filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See definitions of  large accelerated
filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check
one): 

Large accelerated filer 
         
     Accelerated filer 
      x   
 
     Non-accelerated filer 
         
     Smaller reporting company 

(Do not check if a smaller reporting company) 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company
(as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes     No  x  

As of September 30, 2016, 58,245,920 shares of the registrant s
outstanding common stock, $0.001 par value per share, were outstanding. 

INTERNAP CORPORATION  

  FORM 10-Q  

  FOR THE QUARTER ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2016  

  TABLE OF CONTENTS  

PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION   

ITEM 1.  
      FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss  
     1  

Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets  
     2  

Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows  
     3  

Unaudited Condensed Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements  
     4  

ITEM 2.  
      MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS  
     12  

ITEM 3.  
      QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK  
     17  

ITEM 4.  
      CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES  
     18  

PART II. OTHER INFORMATION    

ITEM 1.  
      LEGAL PROCEEDINGS  
     18  

ITEM 1A.  
      RISK FACTORS  
     18  

ITEM 2.  
      UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS  
     19  

ITEM 6.  
      EXHIBITS  
     20  

SIGNATURES    

i   

ITEM 1. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

INTERNAP CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS  
 AND COMPREHENSIVE LOSS  
 (In thousands, except per share amounts)  

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 

1   

INTERNAP CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS  
 (In thousands, except par value amounts)  

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 

2   

INTERNAP CORPORATION
AND SUBSIDIARIES  

  UNAUDITED CONDENSED
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS  

  (In thousands)  

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 

3   

INTERNAP CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES  

  UNAUDITED CONDENSED NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

1.    NATURE OF OPERATIONS AND BASIS OF PRESENTATION    

Internap Corporation ( we,   us  or
 our ) provides high-performance Internet infrastructure services at 51 data centers across North America, Europe and
the Asia-Pacific region and through 83 Internet Protocol ( IP ) service points. 

We have prepared the accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated
financial statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ( GAAP )
for interim financial information. These financial statements include all of our accounts and those of our wholly-owned subsidiaries.
We have eliminated all intercompany transactions and balances in the accompanying financial statements. 

We have condensed or omitted certain information and note disclosures
normally included in annual financial statements prepared in accordance with GAAP. In the opinion of management, the accompanying
financial statements reflect all adjustments, which consist of normal recurring adjustments unless otherwise disclosed, necessary
for a fair statement of our financial position as of September 30, 2016 and our operating results and cash flows for the interim
periods presented. The balance sheet at December 31, 2015 was derived from our audited financial statements, but does not include
all disclosures required by GAAP. You should read the accompanying financial statements and the related notes in conjunction with
our financial statements and notes thereto contained in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015 filed
with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 

The preparation of financial statements requires us to make
estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses and related disclosure of
contingent assets and liabilities. Actual results may differ materially from these estimates. The results of operations for the
three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 are not necessarily indicative of the results that may be expected for any future
periods. 

2.    CHANGE IN ORGANIZATIONAL STRUCTURE AND REALIGNMENT OF EXPENSES    

During the three months ended March 31, 2016, we changed our
organizational structure in an effort to create more effective and efficient operations and to improve customer and product focus.
In that regard, we revised the information that our chief executive officer, who is also our chief operating decision maker, regularly
reviews for purposes of allocating resources and assessing performance. As a result, beginning January 1, 2016, we report our financial
performance based on our new segments, described in note 10  Operating Segments.  We have reclassified prior period
amounts to conform to the current presentation. 

In addition, in conjunction with the change in our organizational
structure, we reclassified certain costs included in the expense categories on our consolidated statement of operations, which
resulted in the following:  a reclassification of   Sales and marketing 
and  General and administrative  to  Sales, general and administrative  and  Direct costs of amortization
of acquired and developed technologies  to  Depreciation and amortization  included on our accompanying consolidated
statements of operations. We have reclassified prior period amounts to conform to the current presentation. 

The prior year reclassifications, which did not affect total
revenues, total direct costs of sales and services, operating loss or net loss, are summarized as follows (in thousands): 

4   

SGA expense consists primarily of costs related to sales and
marketing, compensation and other expense for executive, finance, product development, human resources and administrative personnel,
professional fees and other general corporate costs. 

3.    FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS    

We account for certain assets and liabilities at fair value.
The hierarchy below lists three levels of fair value based on the extent to which inputs used in measuring fair value are observable
in the market. We categorize each of our fair value measurements in one of these three levels based on the lowest level input that
is significant to the fair value measurement in its entirety. These levels are: 

Level 1: Quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities;   

Level 2: Inputs other than Level 1 that are observable, either directly or indirectly, such as quoted prices for similar assets
or liabilities; quoted prices in markets that are not active or other inputs that are observable or can be corroborated by observable
market data for substantially the full term of the assets or liabilities; and   

Level 3: Unobservable inputs that are supported by little or no market activity and that are significant to the fair value
of the assets or liabilities.   

Assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring
basis are summarized as follows (in thousands): 

(1)   We calculate the fair value of asset retirement obligations by discounting the estimated amount using the current Treasury
bill rate adjusted for our credit non-performance. At September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the balance of the asset retirement
obligation was $0 and $0.2 million, respectively, which we included in  Other current liabilities,  and $2.8 million
and $2.6 million, respectively, which we included in  Other long-term liabilities,  in the accompanying consolidated
balance sheets.   

5   

The following table provides a summary of changes in our Level
3 asset retirement obligations for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 (in thousands): 

The fair values of our other Level 3 debt liabilities, estimated
using a discounted cash flow analysis based on incremental borrowing rates for similar types of borrowing arrangements, are as
follows (in thousands): 

4.    DEVELOPED SOFTWARE    

During the three months ended September 30, 2016, we determined
that we would not use certain internally-developed software related to our quoting and billing system, which affects both of our
reportable segments, and recorded an impairment of $1.6 million. We include the impairment in  Exit activities, restructuring
and impairments  in the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss for the three and nine months ended
September 30, 2016. 

During the three months
ended March 31, 2016, we changed our operating segments, as discussed in note 10  Operating Segments,  and, subsequently,
our reporting units. We now have five reporting units: IP services, IP products, data center services ( DCS ), cloud
and hosting services and hosting products. We allocated goodwill to our new reporting units using a relative fair value approach.
In addition, we completed an assessment of any potential goodwill impairment for all reporting units immediately prior to and after
the reallocation and determined that no impairment existed.  

We performed
our annual impairment review as of August 1, 2016. To determine the estimated fair value of our reporting units, we utilized the
discounted cash flow and market methods. We have consistently utilized both methods in our goodwill impairment assessments and
weighted both as appropriate based on relevant factors for each reporting unit. The discounted cash flow method is specific to our
anticipated future results of the reporting unit, while the market method is based on our market sector including our competitors. 

We determined the assumptions supporting the discounted cash
flow method, including the discount rate, using our estimates as of the date of the impairment review. To determine the reasonableness
of these assumptions, we considered our past performance and empirical trending of results, looked to market and industry expectations
and further performed various sensitivity analyses on certain of the assumptions used in the discounted cash flow method, such
as forecasted revenues and discount rate. We used reasonable judgment in developing our estimates and assumptions. The market
method estimates fair value based on market multiples of revenue and earnings derived from comparable companies with similar operating
and investment characteristics as the reporting unit. 

The assumptions, inputs and judgments used in performing the
valuation analysis are inherently subjective and reflect estimates based on known facts and circumstances at the time we perform
the valuation. These estimates and assumptions primarily include, but are not limited to, discount rates; terminal growth rates;
projected revenues and costs; earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization for expected cash flows; market comparables
and capital expenditure forecasts. The use of different assumptions, inputs and judgments, or changes in circumstances, could materially
affect the results of the valuation. Due to inherent uncertainty involved in making these estimates, actual results could differ
from our estimates and could result in additional non-cash impairment charges in the future. 

During our annual
impairment assessment, we determined based on the step 1 test that the fair value of each of our IP services, IP products and
DCS reporting units, all included within our Data Center and Network Services segment, was below its carrying value.  We then
started the step 2 test on each of these reporting units.  For the three months ended September 30, 2016, based on the
initial result of our step 2 test, we recorded an impairment estimate of $78.2 million to adjust goodwill in our Data Center
and Network Services segment, leaving a remainder of $1.9 million of goodwill in this segment.  Due to the complexity and the
effort required to estimate the fair value of the IP services, IP products and DCS reporting units in step 1 of the
impairment test and to estimate the fair value of all assets and liabilities of each of the reporting units in step 2 of the
test,  we derived the fair value estimates based on preliminary assumptions and analysis that are subject to change.
We will record any adjustment to the estimated impairment charge in the fourth quarter of 2016.  

6   

The goodwill impairment
is primarily due to declines in our data center services, IP services and IP products revenues and operating results as compared
to our projections. The declines in revenues and operating results compared to projections are attributable to lower than
expected demand creation and customer retention.   

Prior to conducting step 1 of the goodwill impairment test for the IP services, IP products and DCS reporting units, we evaluated the
recoverability of the long-lived assets, including purchased intangible assets. When indicators of impairment are present, we
test long-lived assets (other than goodwill) for recoverability by comparing the carrying value of an asset group to its
undiscounted cash flows. We considered the lower than expected revenue and profitability levels as business indicators of
impairment for the long-lived assets of each of these reporting units. Based on the results of the recoverability test, we
determined that the future undiscounted cash flows expected to result from the use of the assets and their eventual
disposition exceeded the carrying value of the asset groups and were therefore recoverable. We did not recognize any
impairment charges for long-lived assets as a result of this analysis.    

During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, the summary
of our re-allocations and impairment of goodwill is as follows (in thousands): 

During the three months ended June 30, 2016, we entered into
an amendment to our credit agreement, which, among other things, amended the interest coverage ratio and leverage ratio covenants
to make them less restrictive and increased the applicable margin for the revolving credit facility and term loan by 1.0%. We paid
a one-time aggregate fee of $1.7 million to the lenders for the amendment, which we recorded as a debt discount of $1.5 million
related to the term loan and prepaid debt issuance costs of $0.2 million related to the revolving credit facility. In addition,
we paid $0.4 million in third-party fees, which we recorded as expense of $0.3 million related to the term loan and as prepaid
debt issuance costs of $0.1 million related to the revolving credit facility. 

Since the recording of the amendment was a modification of our
previous credit agreement, we will continue to amortize the debt discount and prepaid issuance costs on our previous credit
agreement. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, we amortized, as interest expense, $0.6 million and
$1.9 million, respectively, of the total debt discount and prepaid debt issuance costs. 

7.    EXIT ACTIVITIES AND RESTRUCTURING LIABILITIES    

During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, we recorded
initial restructuring charges primarily due to ceasing use of office facilities. We also recorded subsequent plan adjustments in
sublease income assumptions for certain properties included in our previously-disclosed plans. We include the initial charges and
plan adjustments in  Exit activities, restructuring and impairments  in the accompanying statements of operations and
comprehensive loss for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. 

The following table displays the transactions and balances for
exit activities and restructuring charges, substantially related to our data center and network services segment, during the nine
months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 (in thousands): 

7   

8.    DERIVATIVES    

Foreign Currency Contracts  

We have foreign currency contracts to mitigate the risk of a
portion of our Canadian compensation expense. These contracts will hedge foreign exchange variations between the United States
and Canadian dollar and commit us to purchase a total of $12.0 million Canadian dollars at an exchange rate of 1.2855 through June
2017. As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the fair value of our foreign currency contracts was $0.1 million and $0.7
million, respectively, included in  Other current liabilities,  and $0 and $0.3 million, respectively, included in
 Other long-term liabilities,  in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. 

The activity of the foreign currency contracts was as follows
(in thousands): 

Interest Rate Swap  

We have an interest rate swap to manage exposure to interest
rate movements of our credit agreement. Our interest rate swap involves the receipt of variable rate amounts from a counterparty
in exchange for us making fixed-rate payments, over 1.5%, over the life of the agreement without exchange of the underlying notional
amount. The cash flow hedge has a notional amount starting at $150.0 million through December 31, 2016. 

As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the fair value
of our interest rate swap was $0.2 million and $0.7 million, respectively, and is included in  Other current liabilities 
in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. We record the effective portion of the change in fair value of our interest rate
swap in  Accumulated items of other comprehensive loss  in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. We did not
recognize any hedge ineffectiveness during either of the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. 

We will reclassify amounts reported in  Accumulated items
of other comprehensive loss  related to our interest rate swaps to  Interest expense  in our accompanying consolidated
statements of operations and comprehensive loss as we accrue interest payments on our variable-rate debt. Through December 31,
2016, we estimate that we will reclassify an additional $0.2 million as an increase to interest expense since the hedge interest
rate currently exceeds the variable interest rate on our debt. 

The activity of our interest rate swap is summarized as follows
(in thousands): 

9.    COMMITMENTS, CONTINGENCIES AND LITIGATION    

We are subject to legal proceedings,
claims and litigation arising in the ordinary course of business. Although the outcome of these matters is currently not determinable,
we do not expect that the ultimate costs to resolve these matters will have a material adverse impact on our financial condition,
results of operations or cash flows. 

During the three months ended March 31, 2016, we changed our
organizational structure in an effort to create more effective and efficient business operations and to improve customer and product
focus. In that regard, we revised the information that our chief executive officer, who is also our chief operating decision maker,
regularly reviews for purposes of allocating resources and assessing performance.  As a result, beginning January 1, 2016,
we now report our financial performance based on our two new reportable segments, Data Center and Network Services and Cloud and
Hosting Services, as follows: 

Data Center and Network Services  

Our Data Center and Network Services segment consists of colocation
and Internet Protocol ( IP ) connectivity services. 

8   

Colocation   

Colocation involves providing physical space within data centers
and associated services such as power, interconnection, environmental controls, monitoring and security while allowing our customers
to deploy and manage their servers, storage and other equipment in our secure data centers. We sell our colocation services at
51 data centers across North America, Europe and the Asia-Pacific region. We refer to 15 of these facilities as  company-controlled, 
meaning we control the data center operations, staffing and infrastructure and have negotiated long-term leases for the facilities.
For company-controlled facilities, in most cases we design the data center infrastructure, procure the capital equipment, deploy
the infrastructure and are responsible for the operation and maintenance of the facility. We refer to the remaining 36 data centers
as  partner  sites. In these locations, a third party designs and deploys the infrastructure and provides for the operation
and maintenance of the facility. 

IP Connectivity   

IP connectivity includes our patented Performance IP 
service, content delivery network services, IP routing hardware and software platform and Managed Internet Route Optimizer 
Controller. By intelligently routing traffic with redundant, high-speed connections over multiple, major Internet backbones, our
IP connectivity provides high-performance and highly-reliable delivery of content, applications and communications to end users
globally. We deliver our IP connectivity through 83 IP service points around the world. 

Cloud and Hosting Services  

Our cloud and hosting services segment consists of hosted Infrastructure-as-a-Service
as a cloud platform or via managed hosting. For both Infrastructure-as-a-Service options, we provision and maintain the hardware,
data center infrastructure and interconnection, while allowing our customers to own and manage their software applications and
content. 

Cloud   

Cloud services involve providing compute and storage services
via an integrated platform that includes servers, storage and network. We built our next generation cloud platform with our high-density
colocation, Performance IP service and OpenStack, a leading open source technology for cloud services. We deliver our cloud services
in eight locations across North America, Europe and the Asia-Pacific region. 

Managed Hosting   

Managed hosting involves providing a single tenant infrastructure
environment consisting of servers, storage and network. We deliver this customizable infrastructure platform based on enterprise-class
technology to support complex application and compliance requirements for our customers. We deliver our managed hosting services
in 11 locations across North America, Europe and the Asia-Pacific region. 

Segment Results  

The following table provides segment results, with prior period
amounts reclassified to conform to the current presentation (in thousands): 

9   

The prior year reclassifications, which did not affect total
segment profit, are summarized as follows (in thousands): 

Segment profit is calculated as segment revenues less direct
costs of sales and services, exclusive of depreciation and amortization for the segment, and does not include any depreciation
or amortization associated with direct costs. We view direct costs of sales and services as generally less-controllable, external
costs and we regularly monitor the margin of revenues in excess of these direct costs. We have excluded depreciation and amortization
from segment profit because it is based on estimated useful lives of tangible and intangible assets. We base depreciation and amortization
on historical costs incurred to build out our deployed network and the historical costs of these assets may not be indicative of
current or future capital expenditures. 

11.         NET LOSS
PER SHARE  

We compute basic net loss per share by dividing net loss attributable
to our common stockholders by the weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding during the period. We exclude all
outstanding options and unvested restricted stock as such securities are anti-dilutive for all periods presented. 

Basic and diluted net loss per share is calculated as follows
(in thousands, except per share amounts): 

12.         RECENT
ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS  

In October 2016, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB )
issued new guidance which allows the recognition of current and deferred income taxes for an intra-entity asset transfer,
other than inventory, when the transfer occurs. Historically, recognition of the income tax consequence was not recognized until
the asset was sold to an outside party. This guidance should be applied on a modified retrospective basis through a cumulative-effect
adjustment directly to retained earnings as of the beginning of the period of adoption. There are no new disclosure requirements.
The guidance is effective for fiscal years and interim periods within those years beginning after December 15, 2017 with early
adoption permitted.  We are currently evaluating the impact that adoption will have on our consolidated financial statements. 

10   

In August 2016, FASB issued new guidance intended to reduce
diversity in practice in how certain transactions are classified in the statement of cash flows. The guidance provides additional
clarification on the classification of certain cash receipts and payments in the statement of cash flows. The guidance is effective
for fiscal years and interim periods within those years beginning after December 15, 2017 with early adoption permitted. We are
currently evaluating the impact that adoption will have on the presentation of our consolidated statements of cash flow. 

During the three months ended March 31, 2016, we adopted new
guidance that required debt issuance costs related to a recognized debt liability to be presented in the balance sheet as a direct
deduction from the carrying amount of that debt liability, which is consistent with the presentation of debt discounts. The guidance,
applied retrospectively, was effective for financial statements issued for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2015, and
interim periods within those fiscal years. Adoption did not have a material impact on our financial condition and had no impact
on our result of operations. Our restatement of prior year amounts was as follows: 

In March 2016, FASB issued new guidance that amends several
aspects of the accounting for share-based payment transactions, including the income tax consequences, classification of awards
as either equity or liabilities and classification within the statement of cash flows. Certain of the amendments in this accounting
standard update are to be applied using a modified retrospective approach by means of a cumulative-effect adjustment to equity
as of the beginning of the period in which the guidance is adopted, while other amendments can be applied prospectively or retrospectively.
The guidance is effective for periods beginning after December 15, 2016. We are currently evaluating the impact that adoption will
have on our consolidated financial statements and related disclosures. 

In February 2016, FASB issued new guidance on lease accounting,
which requires all leases in excess of 12 months to be recognized on the balance sheet as lease assets and lease liabilities. For
operating leases, a lessee is required to recognize a right-of-use asset and lease liability, initially measured at the present
value of the lease payment; recognize a single lease cost over the lease term generally on a straight-line basis; and classify
all cash payments within operating activities on the cash flow statement. The guidance is effective for annual and interim periods
beginning after December 15, 2018. Earlier adoption is permitted. We are currently evaluating the impact that adoption will have
on our consolidated financial statements and related disclosures. 

In August 2014, FASB issued new guidance which requires management
to evaluate, in connection with preparing financial statements for each annual and interim reporting period, whether there are
conditions or events, considered in the aggregate, that raise substantial doubt about an entity s ability to continue as
a going concern within one year after the date the financial statements are issued (or within one year after the date that the
financial statements are available to be issued when applicable) and provide related disclosures. The guidance is effective for
the annual and interim periods ending after December 15, 2016. We are currently evaluating the impact that adoption will have on
our consolidated financial statements and related disclosures. 

In May 2014, FASB issued new guidance which provides a single
model for revenue arising from contracts with customers and supersedes current revenue recognition guidance. The guidance is effective
for periods beginning January 1, 2018. The guidance permits the application of its requirements retrospectively to all prior periods
presented or in the year of adoption through a cumulative adjustment. We are currently evaluating the impact that adoption will
have on our consolidated financial statements and related disclosures. As we have not completed our evaluation, we cannot make
a determination of the impact and have not yet selected a transition method or determined the impact of the standard on our ongoing
financial reporting. 

11   

ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL
CONDITION AND RESULT OF OPERATIONS  

Forward-Looking Statements  

This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q contains  forward-looking
statements  within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements include
statements regarding industry trends, our future financial position and performance, business strategy, revenues and expenses in
future periods, projected levels of growth and other matters that do not relate strictly to historical facts. These statements
are often identified by words such as  may,   will,   seeks,   anticipates,   believes, 
 estimates,   expects,   projects,   forecasts,   plans,   intends, 
 continue,   could  or  should,  that an  opportunity  exists, that we are  positioned 
for a particular result, statements regarding our vision or similar expressions or variations. These statements are based on the
beliefs and expectations of our management team based on information currently available. Such forward-looking statements are not
guarantees of future performance and are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially
from those contemplated by forward-looking statements. Important factors currently known to our management that could cause or
contribute to such differences include, but are not limited to, those referenced in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year
ended December 31, 2015 under Item 1A  Risk Factors.  We undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statements
as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. 

As used herein, except as otherwise indicated by context, references
to  we,   us  or  our  refer to Internap Corporation and our subsidiaries. 

Overview  

Internap s diverse Internet infrastructure services deliver
 performance without compromise    blending virtual and bare-metal cloud, hosting and colocation services across
a global network of data centers, optimized from the application to the end user and backed by our team of dedicated professionals. 

Change in Organizational Structure and Realignment of Expenses  

During the three months ended March 31, 2016, we changed our
organizational structure in an effort to create more effective and efficient business operations and to improve customer and product
focus. In that regard, we revised the information that our chief executive officer, who is also our chief operating decision maker,
regularly reviews for purposes of allocating resources and assessing performance. As a result, beginning January 1, 2016, we report
our financial performance based on our two new segments, data center and network services and cloud and hosting services. The new
operating segments are further described in note 10  Operating Segments  in the accompanying consolidated financial
statements. We have reclassified prior period amounts to conform to the current presentation. 

In addition, in conjunction with the change in our organizational
structure, we reclassified certain costs included in the expense categories on our consolidated statement of operations, which
resulted in the following:  a reclassification of   Sales and marketing 
and  General and administrative  to  Sales, general and administrative  ( SGA ) and  Direct
costs of amortization of acquired and developed technologies  to  Depreciation and amortization  included on
our accompanying consolidated statements of operations. We have reclassified prior period amounts to conform to the current presentation.
SGA expense consists primarily of costs related to sales and marketing, compensation and other expense for executive, finance,
product development, human resources and administrative personnel, professional fees and other general corporate costs. 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements  

Recent accounting pronouncements are summarized in note 12 to
the accompanying consolidated financial statements. 

Results of Operations  

As of September 30, 2016, we had approximately 9,000 customers.
Our customer base is not concentrated in any particular industry and, for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, no
single customer accounted for 10% or more of our revenues. 

12   

Three Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015  

The following table sets forth selected consolidated statements
of operations and comprehensive loss data during the periods presented, including comparative information between the periods (dollars
in thousands): 

Data Center and Network Services   

Revenues for data center and network services decreased 5%,
to $49.8 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016, compared to $52.4 million for the same period in 2015. The decrease
was primarily due to $2.5 million of lower IP connectivity revenue related to the continued decline in pricing for new and renewing
customers and loss of legacy contracts and a $0.4 million decrease in partner colocation revenue, offset by a net $0.2 million
increase in company-controlled colocation revenue. 

Direct costs of data center and network services, exclusive
of depreciation and amortization, decreased 6%, to $25.0 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016, compared to $26.7
million for the same period in 2015. The decrease was primarily due to lower variable costs related to a decline in revenue and
cost reduction efforts. 

Cloud and Hosting Services   

Revenues for cloud and hosting services decreased 7% to $24.2
million for the three months ended September 30, 2016, compared to $25.9 million for the same period in 2015. The decrease is primarily
due to the continued negative impact of churn from a small number of large customers. 

Direct costs of cloud and hosting services, exclusive of depreciation
and amortization, decreased 6%, to $6.5 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016, compared to $6.9 million for the
same period in 2015. The decrease was primarily due to lower variable costs related to a decline in revenue. 

Other Operating Costs and Expenses   

Compensation.  Total compensation and benefits, including
stock-based compensation, was $16.2 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016, compared to $19.7 million for the same
period in 2015. The decrease was primarily due to a $2.4 million decrease in cash-based compensation and bonus and a $1.2 million
decrease in stock-based compensation. 

13   

Stock-based compensation, net of amount capitalized, decreased
to $1.3 million during the three months ended September 30, 2016 from $2.4 million during the same period in 2015. The decrease
is primarily due to executive transition awards in the prior period for our former chief executive officer. The following table
summarizes stock-based compensation, net of estimated forfeitures, included in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations
and comprehensive loss (in thousands): 

Direct Costs of Customer Support.  Direct costs of customer
support decreased to $8.0 million during the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to $9.2 million during the same period
in 2015. The decrease was primarily due to decreased cash-based compensation from reduced headcount. 

Sales, General and Administrative . Sales, general and
administrative costs decreased to $18.4 million during the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to $19.1 million during
the same period in 2015. The decrease was primarily due to a $1.8 million decrease in cash-based compensation from reduced headcount
and bonus and a $1.0 million decrease in stock-based compensation, partially offset by a $0.8 million increase in professional
fees and a $1.6 million increase in organizational realignment costs and strategic alternatives and related costs. 

Depreciation and Amortization.  Depreciation and amortization
decreased to $19.6 million during the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to $24.6 million during the same period in
2015. The decrease was primarily due to the additional amortization expense in the prior period of $4.5 million for the accelerated
useful life of the iWeb trade name. 

Goodwill Impairment.  The goodwill impairment was $78.2
million during the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to $0 during the same period in 2015. We summarize the goodwill
impairment in note 5 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements. 

Exit activities, Restructuring and Impairments.  Exit
activities, restructuring and impairments increased to $1.7 million during the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to
$0.9 million during the same period in 2015. The increase was primarily due to impairment of internally-developed software for
$1.6 million in the current period, which we summarize in note 4 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements. 

Interest Expense . Interest expense increased to $7.9
million during the three months ended September 30, 2016 from $6.9 million during the same period in 2015. The increase is primarily
due to the higher interest rate from the debt amendment completed in the period ended June 30, 2016 and increased borrowings on
the revolving credit facility. 

Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015  

The following table sets forth selected consolidated statements
of operations and comprehensive loss data during the periods presented, including comparative information between the periods (dollars
in thousands): 

14   

Data Center and Network Services   

Revenues for data center and network services decreased 6%,
to $151.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared to $160.0 million for the same period in 2015. The decrease
was primarily due to $8.8 million of lower IP connectivity revenue related to the continued decline in pricing for new and renewing
customers and loss of legacy contracts and a $2.5 million decrease in partner colocation revenue, offset by a net $2.3 million
increase in company-controlled colocation revenue. 

Direct costs of data center and network services, exclusive
of depreciation and amortization, decreased 7%, to $74.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared to $79.3
million for the same period in 2015. The decrease was primarily due to lower variable costs related to a decline in revenue and
cost reduction efforts. 

Cloud and Hosting Services   

Revenues for cloud and hosting services decreased 8% to $73.1
million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared to $79.5 million for the same period in 2015. The decrease is primarily
due to the continued negative impact of churn from a small number of large customers. 

Direct costs of cloud and hosting services, exclusive of depreciation
and amortization, decreased 4%, to $19.9 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared to $20.7 million for the
same period in 2015. The decrease was primarily due to lower variable costs related to a decline in revenue. 

Other Operating Costs and Expenses   

Compensation.  Total compensation and benefits, including
stock-based compensation, was $51.7 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared to $61.8 million for the same
period in 2015. The decrease was primarily due to a $7.7 million decrease in cash-based compensation and bonus, a $0.9 million
decrease in severance and a $1.5 million decrease in stock-based compensation. 

Stock-based compensation, net of amount capitalized, decreased
to $4.7 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 from $6.2 million during the same period in 2015. The decrease
is primarily due to executive transition awards in the prior period for our former chief executive officer and a decrease in the
fair value of stock options and awards. The following table summarizes stock-based compensation, net of estimated forfeitures,
included in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss (in thousands): 

Direct Costs of Customer Support.  Direct costs of customer
support decreased to $24.7 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to $27.4 million during the same period
in 2015. The decrease was primarily due to a $1.5 million decrease in cash-based compensation from reduced headcount and bonus
and a $0.5 million decrease in professional fees. 

Sales, General and Administrative . Sales, general and
administrative costs decreased to $55.4 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to $62.6 million during
the same period in 2015. The decrease was primarily due to a $6.2 million decrease in cash-based compensation from reduced headcount
and bonus, a $1.2 million decrease in stock-based compensation, a $2.4 million decrease in marketing costs and a $0.9 million decrease
in severance, partially offset by a $4.6 million increase in organizational realignment costs and strategic alternatives and related
costs. 

Depreciation and Amortization.  Depreciation and amortization
decreased to $57.9 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to $67.4 million during the same period in
2015. The decrease was primarily due to the additional amortization expense in the prior period of $9.5 million for the accelerated
useful life of the iWeb trade name. 

Goodwill Impairment.  The goodwill impairment was $78.2
million during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to $0 during the same period in 2015. We summarize the goodwill
impairment in note 5 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements. 

15   

Exit activities, Restructuring and Impairments.  Exit
activities, restructuring and impairments increased to $2.0 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to
$1.2 million during the same period in 2015. The increase was primarily due to impairment of internally-developed software for
$1.6 million, which we summarize in note 4 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements. 

Interest Expense . Interest expense increased to $22.9
million during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 from $20.6 million during the same period in 2015. The increase is primarily
due to the higher interest rate from the recent debt amendment and increased borrowings on the revolving credit facility. 

Non-GAAP Financial Measure  

We report our consolidated financial statements in accordance
with GAAP. We present the non-GAAP performance measure of adjusted EBITDA to assist us in explaining underlying performance trends
in our business, which we believe will enhance investors  ability to analyze trends in our business and evaluate our performance
relative to other companies. We define adjusted EBITDA as loss from operations plus depreciation and amortization, loss on disposal
of property and equipment, exit activities, restructuring and impairments, stock-based compensation, strategic alternatives and
related costs, organizational realignment costs and acquisition costs. 

As a non-GAAP financial measure, adjusted EBITDA should not
be considered in isolation of, or as a substitute for, net loss, loss from operations or other GAAP measures as an indicator of
operating performance. Our calculation of adjusted EBITDA may differ from others in our industry and is not necessarily comparable
with similar titles used by other companies. 

The following table reconciles adjusted EBITDA to loss from
operations as presented in our consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss: 

(1)   Primarily legal and other professional fees, as well as $0.7 million of executive severance, incurred
in connection with the evaluation by our board of directors of strategic alternatives and related shareholder communications. We
include these costs in SGA in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss for the three months
ended September 30, 2016.   

(2)   Primarily professional fees, employee retention bonus, severance and executive search
                                                                       costs                                                                        incurred
                                                                       related to our organization realignment. We                                                                        include
                                                                       these costs in SGA in the accompanying consolidated statements of
                                                                       operations and comprehensive loss for the three months ended September 30, 2016.   

Liquidity and Capital Resources  

Liquidity   

As of September 30, 2016, we had a deficit in working capital,
which represented an excess of current liabilities over current assets, primarily due to our decrease in cash since December 31,
2015. We are addressing the decrease through increased accounts receivable collection and continued cost reduction efforts. However,
we believe that cash flows from operations, together with our cash and cash equivalents and borrowing capacity under our revolving
credit facility, will be sufficient to meet our cash requirements for the next 12 months and for the foreseeable future. If our
cash requirements vary materially from what we expect or if we fail to generate sufficient cash flows from selling our services,
we may require additional financing sooner than anticipated. We can offer no assurance that we will be able to obtain additional
financing on commercially favorable terms, or at all, and provisions in our credit agreement limit our ability to incur additional
indebtedness. 

We have a history of quarterly and annual period net losses.
During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, we had a net loss of $91.3 million and $111.6 million, respectively.
As of September 30, 2016, our accumulated deficit was $1.3 billion. 

16   

Capital Resources   

Credit Agreement . We have a $350.0 million credit agreement,
which provides for a $300.0 million term loan and a $50.0 million revolving credit facility. During the three months ended June
30, 2016, we entered into an amendment to our credit agreement, which among other things, amended the interest coverage ratio and
leverage ratio covenants to make them less restrictive and increased the applicable margin for revolving credit facility and term
loan by 1.0%. We paid a one-time aggregate fee of $1.7 million to the lenders for the amendment. 

As of September 30, 2016, the term loan had an outstanding principal
amount of $291.8 million, which we repay in $0.75 million quarterly installments on the last day of each fiscal quarter with the
remaining unpaid balance due November 26, 2019. As of September 30, 2016, the revolving credit facility, expiring in November 2018,
had an outstanding balance of $35.5 million and we issued $4.2 million in letters of credit, resulting in $10.3 million in borrowing
capacity. As of September 30, 2016, the interest rate on the term loan was 7% and the interest rate on the revolving credit facility
was 6%. 

The credit agreement includes customary representations, warranties,
negative and affirmative covenants, including certain financial covenants relating to maximum total leverage ratio, minimum consolidated
interest coverage ratio and limitation on capital expenditures. As of September 30, 2016, we were in compliance with these covenants. 

Cash Flows  

Operating Activities   

During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, net cash provided
by operating activities was $36.3 million. We generated cash from operations of $31.9 million, while changes in operating assets
and liabilities provided cash of $4.4 million. 

During the nine months ended September 30, 2015, net cash provided
by operating activities was $22.4 million. We generated cash from operations of $36.0 million, while changes in operating assets
and liabilities used cash from operations of $13.6 million. 

Investing Activities   

During the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, net
cash used in investing activities was $39.4 million and $42.4 million, respectively, primarily due to capital expenditures related
to the continued expansion and upgrade of our company-controlled data centers and network infrastructure. 

Financing Activities   

During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, net cash used
by financing activities was $5.0 million, primarily due to principal payments of $9.5 million on the term loan and capital lease
obligations, partially offset by $4.5 million of proceeds from the revolving credit facility. 

During the nine months ended September 30, 2015, net cash provided
by financing activities was $18.6 million, primarily due to $21.0 million of proceeds from the revolving credit facility and a
net $4.7 million from stock option activity, partially offset by principal payments of $8.0 million on the term loan and capital
lease obligations. 

ITEM 3. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET
RISK  

Other Investments  

In previous years, we invested $4.1 million in Internap Japan
Co., Ltd., our joint venture with NTT-ME Corporation and Nippon Telegraph and Telephone Corporation. We account for this investment
using the equity method and we have recognized $1.2 million in equity-method losses over the life of the investment, representing
our proportionate share of the aggregate joint venture losses and income. The joint venture investment is subject to foreign currency
exchange rate risk. 

Interest Rate Risk  

Our objective in managing interest rate risk is to maintain
favorable long-term fixed rate or a balance of fixed and variable rate debt within reasonable risk parameters. At September 30,
2016, we had an interest rate swap on 50% of our current term loan balance through December 31, 2016 with a LIBOR floor fixed rate
of 1.5%. 

As of September 30, 2016, the balance of our long-term debt
was $291.8 million on the term loan and $35.5 million on the revolving credit facility. At September 30, 2016, the interest rates
on the term loan and revolving credit facility were 7% and 6%, respectively. We summarize the credit agreement in  Liquidity
and Capital Resources Capital Resources Credit Agreement.  

We are required to pay a commitment fee at a rate of 0.50% per
annum on the average daily unused portion of the revolving credit facility, payable quarterly in arrears. In addition, we are required
to pay certain participation fees and fronting fees in connection with standby letters of credit issued under the revolving credit
facility. 

We estimate that a change in the interest rate of 100 basis
points would change our interest expense and payments by $3.3 million per year, assuming we do not increase our amount outstanding. 

17   

Foreign Currency Risk  

As of September 30, 2016, the majority of our revenue was in
U.S. dollars. However, our results of operations and cash flows are subject to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates.
We also have exposure to foreign currency transaction gains and losses as the result of certain receivables due from our foreign
subsidiaries. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, we realized foreign currency gains of less than $0.1 million
and losses of $0.5 million, respectively, which we included in  Non-operating expenses,  and we recorded unrealized
foreign currency translation gains of $0.1 million and $0.2 million, respectively, which we included in  Other comprehensive
loss,  both in the accompanying consolidated statement of operations and comprehensive loss. If we grow our international
operations, our exposure to foreign currency risk will become more significant. 

We have foreign currency contracts to mitigate the risk of a
portion of our Canadian employee benefit expense. These contracts will hedge foreign exchange variations between the United States
and Canadian dollar through June 30, 2017. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, we recorded an unrealized
loss of $0.1 million and an unrealized gain of $0.6 million, respectively, which we included in  Other comprehensive loss, 
in the accompanying consolidated statement of operations and comprehensive loss. 

ITEM 4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES  

Disclosure Controls and Procedures  

Based on our management s evaluation (with the participation
of our chief executive officer and chief financial officer), as of the end of the period covered by this report, our chief executive
officer and chief financial officer have concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and
15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act )) are effective to ensure that
information required to be disclosed by us in reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized
and reported within the time periods specified in SEC rules and forms and is accumulated and communicated to our management, including
our chief executive officer and chief financial officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting  

There was no change in our internal control
over financial reporting that occurred during the quarter ended September 30, 2016 that has materially affected, or that is reasonably
likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

PART II. OTHER INFORMATION  

ITEM 1. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS  

We are subject to legal proceedings, claims and litigation arising
in the ordinary course of business. Although the outcome of these matters is currently not determinable, we do not expect that
the ultimate costs to resolve these matters will have a material adverse impact on our financial condition, results of operations
or cash flows. 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS  

We believe that there have been no material changes from the
Risk Factors we previously disclosed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015 filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission on February 18, 2016. 

18   

ITEM 2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF
PROCEEDS  

The following table sets forth information
regarding our repurchases of securities for each calendar month in the three months ended September 30, 2016: 

ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES  

(1)  These shares were surrendered to us to satisfy tax withholding obligations in connection with the vesting of shares of restricted
stock and restricted stock units previously issued to employees and directors.   

19   

ITEM 6. EXHIBITS  

Exhibit   
  Number   
       
       Description   

3.1  

Certificate of Elimination of the Series B Preferred Stock (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed March 2, 2010).   

3.2  

Restated Certificate of Incorporation (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed March 2, 2010).   

3.3  

Certificate of Amendment of Restated Certificate of Incorporation (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed June 21, 2010).   

3.4  

Certificate of Amendment of Restated Certificate of Incorporation (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed November 25, 2014).   

3.5  

Amended and Restated Bylaws (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed November 25, 2014).   

10.1  

Employment Agreement, effective September 12, 2016, between the Company and Peter D. Aquino (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed September 13, 2016).   

10.2  

Restricted Stock Inducement Award Agreement between the Company and Peter D. Aquino (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed September 13, 2016).   

10.3  

Notice of Award pursuant to Restricted Stock Inducement Award Agreement between the Company and Peter D. Aquino (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed September 13, 2016).   

31.1  

Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification, executed by Peter D. Aquino, President and Chief Executive Officer.   

31.2  

Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification, executed by Kevin M. Dotts, Chief Financial Officer.   

32.1  

Section 1350 Certification, executed by Peter D. Aquino, President and Chief Executive Officer.   

32.2  

Section 1350 Certification, executed by Kevin M. Dotts, Chief Financial Officer.   

101.INS  

XBRL Instance Document.   

101.SCH  

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document.   

101.CAL  

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document.   

101.DEF  

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document.   

101.LAB  

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document.   

101.PRE  

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document.   

20   

SIGNATURE  

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

INTERNAP CORPORATION   

By:   
     /s/ Kevin M. Dotts  

Kevin M. Dotts   

(Principal Accounting Officer)  

Date: November 3, 2016  

21   

<EX-31.1>
 2
 t1600681_ex31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 31.1  

CERTIFICATION  

I, Peter D. Aquino, certify that: 

1.  I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Internap Corporation (the  registrant );   

2.  Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact
necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with
respect to the period covered by this report;   

3.  Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in
all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods
presented in this report;   

4.  The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls
and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15 (e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined
in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:   

(a)  Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our
supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known
to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;   

(b)  Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed
under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of
financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;   

(c)  Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on
such evaluation; and   

(d)  Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during
the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report)
that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial
reporting; and   

5.  The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control
over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors
(or persons performing the equivalent functions):   

(a)  All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting
which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial
information; and   

(b)  Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting.   

Date: November 3, 2016 
     /s/ Peter D. Aquino  

Peter D. Aquino   

President and Chief Executive Officer   

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 t1600681_ex31-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 31.2  

CERTIFICATION  

I, Kevin M. Dotts, certify that: 

1.  I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Internap Corporation (the  registrant );   

2.  Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact
necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with
respect to the period covered by this report;   

3.  Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in
all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods
presented in this report;   

4.  The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls
and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15 (e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined
in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:   

(a)  Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our
supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known
to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;   

(b)  Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed
under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of
financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;   

(c)  Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on
such evaluation; and   

(d)  Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during
the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report)
that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial
reporting; and   

5.  The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control
over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors
(or persons performing the equivalent functions):   

(a)  All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting
which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial
information; and   

(b)  Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting.   

Date: November 3, 2016 
     /s/ Kevin M. Dotts  

Kevin M. Dotts   

Chief Financial Officer   

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 t1600681_ex32-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 32.1  

STATEMENT REQUIRED BY 18 U.S.C. SECTION
1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO  
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  

This certificate is being delivered pursuant to the requirements
of Section 1350 of Chapter 63 (Mail Fraud) of Title 18 (Crimes and Criminal Procedures) of the United States Code and shall not
be relied on by any other person for any other purpose. 

In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Internap
Corporation (the  Company ) for the three months ended September 30, 2016, as filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), the undersigned, Peter D. Aquino, President and Chief Executive Officer
of the Company, certifies that 

the Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and   

information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
of the Company.   

Date: November 3, 2016 

/s/ Peter D. Aquino  

Peter D. Aquino   

President and Chief Executive Officer   

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 t1600681_ex32-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

Exhibit 32.2  

STATEMENT REQUIRED BY 18 U.S.C. SECTION
1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO  
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  

This certificate is being delivered pursuant to the requirements
of Section 1350 of Chapter 63 (Mail Fraud) of Title 18 (Crimes and Criminal Procedures) of the United States Code and shall not
be relied on by any other person for any other purpose. 

In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Internap
Corporation (the  Company ) for the three months ended September 30, 2016, as filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), the undersigned, Kevin M. Dotts, Chief Financial Officer of the Company,
certifies that 

the Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and   

information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
of the Company.   

Date: November 3, 2016 

/s/ Kevin M. Dotts  

Kevin M. Dotts   

Chief Financial Officer   

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 inap-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 inap-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 inap-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 inap-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 inap-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 inap-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

