<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161104_10-Q_edgar_data_700564_0000700564-16-000096_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>20625403</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>255249</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>726708</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>8540754</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>8644282</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2000710</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>92</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000700564-16-000096.hdr.sgml : 20161104
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161104133716
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000700564-16-000096
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		91
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161104
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161104

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			FULTON FINANCIAL CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000700564
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	NATIONAL COMMERCIAL BANKS [6021]
		IRS NUMBER:				232195389
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			PA
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-10587
		FILM NUMBER:		161974559

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		ONE PENN SQ
		STREET 2:		PO BOX 4887
		CITY:			LANCASTER
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			17604
		BUSINESS PHONE:		7172912411

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		ONE PENN SQ
		STREET 2:		PO BOX 4887
		CITY:			LANCASTER
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			17604

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000700564-16-000096.txt : 20161104

10-Q
 1
 fult930201610q.htm
 10-Q

Document 

UNITED STATES 
  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
  WASHINGTON, D. C. 20459    
    
  FORM 10-Q 
    
  (Mark One) 

For the quarterly period ended   September 30, 2016  , or 

For the transition period from                      to                   
    
  Commission File No.   0-10587 
  FULTON FINANCIAL CORPORATION 
  (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)    
                   PENNSYLVANIA 
      
    23-2195389 
      (State or other jurisdiction of 
  incorporation or organization) 
      
    (I.R.S. Employer 
  Identification No.) 

One Penn Square, P.O. Box 4887, Lancaster, Pennsylvania 
      
    17604 
      (Address of principal executive offices) 
      
    (Zip Code) 

(717) 291-2411 
  (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
    
  Indicate by checkmark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.    Yes           No      
  Indicate by checkmark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).    Yes           No      
  Indicate by checkmark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
                           Large accelerated filer 

Accelerated filer 

Non-accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Indicate by checkmark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).    Yes           No      
    
  APPLICABLE ONLY TO CORPORATE ISSUERS: 
  Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the issuer s classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date: 
  Common Stock, $2.50 Par Value  173,271,000 shares outstanding as of October 28, 2016. 
  
   1 

FULTON FINANCIAL CORPORATION 
  FORM 10-Q FOR THE   THREE   AND   NINE   MONTHS ENDED   SEPTEMBER 30, 2016    
  INDEX 

2 

Item 1. Financial Statements 

CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS    

(in thousands, except per-share data)   

3 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME (UNAUDITED) 

4 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (UNAUDITED) 

(in thousands) 

5 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF SHAREHOLDERS  EQUITY (UNAUDITED) 
  NINE   MONTHS ENDED   SEPTEMBER 30, 2016   AND   2015    

(in thousands, except per-share data) 

6 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (UNAUDITED) 

(in thousands) 

7 

FULTON FINANCIAL CORPORATION 
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 

NOTE 1   Basis of Presentation 
    
  The accompanying unaudited consolidated financial statements of Fulton Financial Corporation (the "Corporation") have been prepared in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles ("U.S. GAAP") for interim financial information and with the instructions to Form 10-Q and Rule 10-01 of Regulation S-X. Accordingly, they do not include all of the information and notes required by U.S. GAAP for complete financial statements. The preparation of financial statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts of assets and liabilities as of the date of the financial statements as well as revenues and expenses during the period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. In the opinion of management, all adjustments (consisting of normal recurring accruals) considered necessary for a fair presentation have been included. These consolidated financial statements should be read in conjunction with the audited consolidated financial statements and the notes thereto included in the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015  . Operating results for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   are not necessarily indicative of the results that may be expected for the year ending   December 31, 2016  . The Corporation evaluates subsequent events through the date of filing of this Form 10-Q with the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC"). 
    
  Recently Issued Accounting Standards 
    
  In May 2014, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ("FASB") issued ASC Update 2014-09, "Revenue from Contracts with Customers." This standards update establishes a single comprehensive model for entities to use in accounting for revenue arising from contracts with customers and supersedes most current revenue recognition guidance, including industry-specific guidance. The core principle prescribed by this standards update is that an entity recognizes revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. The standard applies to all contracts with customers, except those that are within the scope of other topics in the FASB ASC. The standard also requires significantly expanded disclosures about revenue recognition. During 2016, the FASB issued amendments to this standard (ASC Updates 2016-08, 2016-10, 2016-11 and 2016-12). These amendments provide further clarification to the standard. For public business entities, ASC Update 2014-09 is effective for interim and annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2017. Early application is not permitted. For the Corporation, this standards update is effective with its March 31, 2018 quarterly report on Form 10-Q. The Corporation is currently evaluating the impact of the adoption of ASC Update 2014-09 on its consolidated financial statements.  
    
  In January 2016, the FASB issued ASC Update 2016-01, "Financial Instruments - Overall: Recognition and Measurement of Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities." ASC Update 2016-01 provides guidance regarding the income statement impact of equity investments held by an entity and the recognition of changes in fair value of financial liabilities when the fair value option is elected. ASC Update 2016-01 is effective for public business entities' annual and interim reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2017, with earlier adoption permitted.     The Corporation intends to adopt this standards update effective with its March 31, 2018 quarterly report on Form 10-Q and does not expect the adoption of ASC Update 2016-01 to have a material impact on its consolidated financial statements. 
    
  In February 2016, the FASB issued ASC Update 2016-02, "Leases." This standards update states that a lessee should recognize the assets and liabilities that arise from all leases with a term greater than 12 months. The core principle requires the lessee to recognize a liability to make lease payments and a "right-of-use" asset. The accounting applied by the lessor is relatively unchanged.     The standards update also requires expanded qualitative and quantitative disclosures. For public business entities, ASC Update 2016-02 is effective for interim and annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2018. ASC Update 2016-02 mandates a modified retrospective transition for all entities. Early application is permitted. The Corporation intends to adopt this standards update effective with its March 31, 2019 quarterly report on Form 10-Q. The Corporation is currently evaluating the impact of the adoption of ASC Update 2016-02 on its consolidated financial statements. 
    
  In March 2016, the FASB issued ASC Update 2016-09, "Stock Compensation: Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting." The purpose of this standards update is to simplify several aspects of the accounting for share-based payment transactions, including the income tax consequences, classification of awards as either equity or liability, and classification on the statement of cash flows. ASC Update 2016-09 is effective for interim and annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2016. Early application is permitted. For the Corporation, this standards update is effective with its March 31, 2017 quarterly report on Form 10-Q. The Corporation is currently evaluating the impact of the adoption of ASC Update 2016-09 on its consolidated financial statements and does not expect the adoption of ASC Update 2016-09 to have a material impact on its consolidated financial statements. 
  
   8 

In June 2016, the FASB issued ASC Update 2016-13, "Financial Instruments - Credit Losses." The new impairment model prescribed by this standards update is a single impairment model for all financial assets (i.e., loans and investments). The recognition of credit losses would be based on an entity s current estimate of expected losses (referred to as the Current Expected Credit Loss model, or "CECL"), as opposed to recognition of losses only when they are probable (current practice). ASC Update 2016-13 is effective for interim and annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2019. Early adoption is permitted. The Corporation intends to adopt this standards update effective with its March 31, 2020 quarterly report on Form 10-Q. The Corporation is currently evaluating the impact of the adoption of ASC Update 2016-13 on its consolidated financial statements. 
    
  In August 2016, the FASB issued ASC Update 2016-15, "Statement of Cash Flows - Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments." This standards update provides guidance regarding the presentation of certain cash receipts and cash payments in the statement of cash flows, addressing eight specific cash flow classification issues, in order to reduce existing diversity in practice. ASC Update 2016-15 is effective for interim and annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2017. Early adoption is permitted. The Corporation intends to adopt this standards update effective with its March 31, 2018 quarterly report on Form 10-Q and does not expect the adoption of ASC Update 2016-15 to have a material impact on its consolidated financial statements. 
    
  Reclassifications 
    
  Certain amounts in the   2015   consolidated financial statements and notes have been reclassified to conform to the   2016   presentation. 

NOTE 2   Net Income Per Share  
    
  Basic net income per share is calculated as net income divided by the weighted average number of shares outstanding. Diluted net income per share is calculated as net income divided by the weighted average number of shares outstanding plus the incremental number of shares added as a result of converting common stock equivalents, calculated using the treasury stock method. The Corporation s common stock equivalents consist of outstanding stock options, restricted stock, restricted stock units ("RSUs") and performance-based restricted stock units ("PSUs"). PSUs are required to be included in weighted average shares outstanding if performance measures, as defined in each PSU award agreement, are met as of the end of the period.  
    
  A reconciliation of weighted average shares outstanding used to calculate basic net income per share and diluted net income per share follows: 

For the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  ,   447,000   and   712,000   stock options, respectively, were excluded from the diluted net income per share computation as their effect would have been anti-dilutive.  For the   three and nine   months ended September 30, 2015,   1.5 million   and   1.8 million   stock options, respectively, were excluded from the diluted net income per share computation as their effect would have been anti-dilutive.  
  
   9 

NOTE 3   Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income 
    
  The following table presents changes in other comprehensive income:    

(1) 
    Amounts reclassified out of accumulated other comprehensive income. Before-tax amounts included in "Investment securities gains, net" on the consolidated statements of income. See Note 4, "Investment Securities," for additional details. 
              (2) 
    Amounts reclassified out of accumulated other comprehensive income. Before-tax amounts included in "Interest expense" on the consolidated statements of income.  
              (3) 
    Amounts reclassified out of accumulated other comprehensive income. Before-tax amounts included in "Salaries and employee benefits" on the consolidated statements of income. See Note 8, "Employee Benefit Plans," for additional details. 

10 

The following table presents changes in each component of accumulated other comprehensive income, net of tax:    

11 

NOTE 4   Investment Securities 
    
  The following table presents the amortized cost and estimated fair values of investment securities, which were all classified as available for sale: 

Securities carried at   $1.8 billion   as of   September 30, 2016   and   $1.7 billion   as of   December 31, 2015   were pledged as collateral to secure public and trust deposits and customer repurchase agreements.  
  Equity securities include common stocks of financial institutions (estimated fair value of   $21.6 million   at   September 30, 2016   and   $20.6 million   at   December 31, 2015  ) and other equity investments (estimated fair value of   $901,000   at   September 30, 2016   and   $914,000   at   December 31, 2015  ).  
  As of   September 30, 2016  , the financial institutions stock portfolio had a cost basis of   $13.4 million   and an estimated fair value of   $21.6 million  , including an investment in a single financial institution with a cost basis of   $7.4 million   and an estimated fair value of   $11.4 million  . The estimated fair value of this investment accounted for   52.7%   of the estimated fair value of the Corporation's investments in the common stocks of publicly traded financial institutions. No other investment in a single financial institution in the financial institutions stock portfolio exceeded   10%   of the portfolio's estimated fair value.  
  
   12 

The amortized cost and estimated fair values of debt securities as of   September 30, 2016  , by contractual maturity, are shown in the following table. Actual maturities may differ from contractual maturities as certain investment securities are subject to call or prepayment with or without call or prepayment penalties. 

The following table presents information related to the gross realized gains and losses on the sales of equity and debt securities: 

13 

The following table presents a summary of the cumulative credit related other-than-temporary impairment charges, recognized as components of earnings, for debt securities held by the Corporation at   September 30, 2016   and 2015: 

The following table presents the gross unrealized losses and estimated fair values of investments, aggregated by investment category and length of time that individual securities have been in a continuous unrealized loss position at   September 30, 2016  : 

The decline in market value of these securities is attributable to changes in interest rates and not credit quality, and the Corporation does not have the intent to sell and does not believe it will more likely than not be required to sell any of these securities prior to a recovery of their fair value to amortized cost, therefore the Corporation does not consider these investments to be other-than-temporarily impaired as of   September 30, 2016  . 
  As of   September 30, 2016  , all of the auction rate securities (auction rate certificates, or "ARCs"), were rated above investment grade. All of the loans underlying the ARCs have principal payments which are guaranteed by the federal government. As of   September 30, 2016  , all ARCs were current and making scheduled interest payments. Based on management s evaluations, ARCs with an estimated fair value of   $97.7 million   were not subject to any other-than-temporary impairment charges as of   September 30, 2016  . The Corporation does not have the intent to sell and does not believe it will more likely than not be required to sell any of these securities prior to a recovery of their fair value to amortized cost, which may be at maturity.  
  For its investments in equity securities, particularly its investments in stocks of financial institutions, management evaluates the near-term prospects of the issuers in relation to the severity and duration of the impairment. Based on that evaluation and the Corporation s ability and intent to hold those investments for a reasonable period of time sufficient for a recovery of fair value, the Corporation does not consider those investments with unrealized holding losses as of   September 30, 2016   to be other-than-temporarily impaired.  
  
   14 

The majority of the Corporation's available for sale corporate debt securities are issued by financial institutions. The following table presents the amortized cost and estimated fair value of corporate debt securities: 

Single-issuer trust preferred securities had an unrealized loss of   $4.5 million   at   September 30, 2016  .   Six   of the   19   single-issuer trust preferred securities, with an amortized cost of   $11.5 million   and an estimated fair value of   $10.1 million   at   September 30, 2016  , were rated below investment grade by at least one ratings agency. All of the single-issuer trust preferred securities rated below investment grade were rated "BB" and "Ba".   Two   single-issuer trust preferred securities with an amortized cost of   $3.7 million   and an estimated fair value of   $2.4 million   at   September 30, 2016   were not rated by any ratings agency. 
  Based on management s evaluations, corporate debt securities with a fair value of   $107.2 million   were not subject to any other-than-temporary impairment charges as of   September 30, 2016  . The Corporation does not have the intent to sell and does not believe it will more likely than not be required to sell any of these securities prior to a recovery of their fair value to amortized cost, which may be at maturity. 

NOTE 5   Loans and Allowance for Credit Losses 
    
  Loans, Net of Unearned Income 
  Loans, net of unearned income are summarized as follows: 

Allowance for Credit Losses 
  The allowance for credit losses consists of the allowance for loan losses and the reserve for unfunded lending commitments. The allowance for loan losses represents management s estimate of incurred losses in the loan portfolio as of the balance sheet date and is recorded as a reduction to loans. The reserve for unfunded lending commitments represents management s estimate of incurred losses in its unfunded loan commitments and is recorded in other liabilities on the consolidated balance sheets. The allowance for credit losses is increased by charges to expense, through the provision for credit losses, and decreased by charge-offs, net of recoveries. 

15 

The Corporation s allowance for credit losses includes: (1) specific allowances allocated to loans evaluated for impairment under the FASB's ASC Section 310-10-35; and (2) allowances calculated for pools of loans measured for impairment under FASB ASC Subtopic 450-20. 
    
  The Corporation segments its loan portfolio by general loan type, or "portfolio segments," as presented in the table under the heading, "Loans, Net of Unearned Income," above. Certain portfolio segments are further disaggregated and evaluated collectively for impairment based on "class segments," which are largely based on the type of collateral underlying each loan. Commercial loans include both secured and unsecured loans. Construction loan class segments include loans secured by commercial real estate, loans to commercial borrowers secured by residential real estate and loans to individuals secured by residential real estate. Consumer loan class segments include direct consumer installment loans and indirect vehicle loans. 
    
   The following table presents the components of the allowance for credit losses: 

The following table presents the activity in the allowance for credit losses: 

16 

The following table presents the activity in the allowance for loan losses by portfolio segment: 

17 

The following table presents loans, net of unearned income and their related allowance for loan losses, by portfolio segment: 

N/A - Not applicable. 
    
  Impaired Loans 
  A loan is considered to be impaired if it is probable that all amounts will not be collected according to the contractual terms of the loan agreement. Impaired loans consist of all loans on non-accrual status and accruing troubled debt restructurings ("TDRs"). An allowance for loan losses is established for an impaired loan if its carrying value exceeds its estimated fair value. Impaired loans to borrowers with total outstanding commitments greater than or equal to   $1.0 million   are evaluated individually for impairment. Impaired loans to borrowers with total outstanding commitments less than   $1.0 million   are pooled and measured for impairment collectively.  
    
  Based on an evaluation of all relevant credit quality factors, the Corporation recorded a   $4.1 million   provision for credit losses during the three months ended   September 30, 2016  , compared to a   $1.0 million   provision for credit losses for the same period in 2015.  
  All loans individually evaluated for impairment under FASB ASC Section 310-10-35 are measured for losses on a quarterly basis. As of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , substantially all of the Corporation s individually evaluated impaired loans with total outstanding balances greater than or equal to   $1.0 million   were measured based on the estimated fair value of each loan s collateral. Collateral could be in the form of real estate, in the case of impaired commercial mortgages and construction loans, or business assets, such as accounts receivable or inventory, in the case of commercial and industrial loans. Commercial and industrial loans may also be secured by real property. 
    
  As of   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , approximately   73%   and   77%  , respectively, of impaired loans with principal balances greater than or equal to   $1.0 million  , whose primary collateral is real estate, were measured at estimated fair value using state certified third-party appraisals that had been updated in the preceding 12 months. 
    
  When updated appraisals are not obtained for loans evaluated for impairment under FASB ASC Section 310-10-35 that are secured by real estate, fair values are estimated based on the original appraisal values, as long as the original appraisal indicated an acceptable loan-to-value position and, in the opinion of the Corporation's internal credit administration staff, there has not been a significant deterioration in the collateral value since the original appraisal was performed. Original appraisals are typically used only when  
  
   18 

the estimated collateral value, as adjusted for the age of the appraisal, results in a current loan-to-value ratio that is lower than the Corporation's loan-to-value requirements for new loans, generally less than   70%  . 
  The following table presents total impaired loans by class segment: 

As of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , there were   $68.2 million   and   $50.0 million  , respectively, of impaired loans that did not have a related allowance for loan loss. The estimated fair values of the collateral securing these loans exceeded their carrying amount, or they were previously charged down to realizable collateral values. Accordingly, no specific valuation allowance was considered to be necessary. 
  
   19 

The following table presents average impaired loans by class segment: 

(1) 
    All impaired loans, excluding accruing TDRs, were non-accrual loans. Interest income recognized for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015   represents amounts earned on accruing TDRs. 
       
  Credit Quality Indicators and Non-performing Assets 
    
  The following table presents internal credit risk ratings for real estate - commercial mortgages, commercial - secured loans, commercial - unsecured loans, construction - commercial residential loans and construction - commercial loans: 

20 

The following is a summary of the Corporation's internal risk rating categories: 
             
    Pass  : These loans do not currently pose undue credit risk and can range from the highest to average quality, depending on the degree of potential risk. 
                
    Special Mention  : These loans constitute an undue and unwarranted credit risk, but not to a point of justifying a classification of substandard. Loans in this category are currently acceptable, but are nevertheless potentially weak.  
                
    Substandard or Lower  : These loans are inadequately protected by current sound worth and paying capacity of the borrower. There exists a well-defined weakness or weaknesses that jeopardize the normal repayment of the debt.  
       
  The risk rating process allows management to identify credits that potentially carry more risk in a timely manner and to allocate resources to managing troubled accounts. The Corporation believes that internal risk ratings are the most relevant credit quality indicator for the class segments presented above. The migration of loans through the various internal risk rating categories is a significant component of the allowance for credit loss methodology, which bases the probability of default on this migration. Assigning risk ratings involves judgment. The Corporation's loan review officers provide an independent assessment of risk rating accuracy. Ratings may be changed based on the ongoing monitoring procedures performed by loan officers or credit administration staff, or if specific loan review activities identify a deterioration or an improvement in the loan.  
    
  The Corporation does not assign internal risk ratings to smaller balance, homogeneous loans, such as home equity, residential mortgage, construction loans to individuals secured by residential real estate, consumer and lease receivables. For these loans, the most relevant credit quality indicator is delinquency status. The migration of loans through the various delinquency status categories is a significant component of the allowance for credit losses methodology for those loans, which bases the probability of default on this migration. 
    
  The following table presents a summary of performing, delinquency and non-performing status for home equity, real estate - residential mortgages, construction loans to individuals and consumer, leasing and other loans by class segment: 

(2) 
    Includes all accruing loans   90   days or more past due and all non-accrual loans. 
     The following table presents non-performing assets: 

21 

The following table presents past due status and non-accrual loans by portfolio segment and class segment: 

22 

The following table presents TDRs, by class segment: 

(1) 
    Included in non-accrual loans in the preceding table detailing non-performing assets. 
       
  As of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , there were   $3.5 million   and   $5.3 million  , respectively, of commitments to lend additional funds to borrowers whose loans were modified under TDRs.  

23 

The following table presents TDRs, by class segment as of   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , that were modified during the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  : 

The following table presents TDRs, by class segment, as of   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , that were modified in the previous 12 months and had a post-modification payment default during the nine months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  . The Corporation defines a payment default as a single missed payment. 

24 

NOTE 6   Mortgage Servicing Rights 
    
  The following table summarizes the changes in mortgage servicing rights ("MSRs"), which are included in other assets on the consolidated balance sheets: 

MSRs represent the economic value of existing contractual rights to service mortgage loans that have been sold. Accordingly, actual and expected prepayments of the underlying mortgage loans can impact the value of MSRs. The Corporation accounts for MSRs at the lower of amortized cost or fair value. 
    
  The fair value of MSRs is estimated by discounting the estimated cash flows from servicing income, net of expense, over the expected life of the underlying loans at a discount rate commensurate with the risk associated with these assets. Expected life is based on the contractual terms of the loans, as adjusted for prepayment projections. Based on its fair value analysis, the Corporation determined that additions to the valuation allowance of $  1.3 million   and   $3.0 million   were necessary for the three and nine months ended   September 30, 2016  , respectively.    No   valuation allowance was necessary as of   September 30, 2015  . 

NOTE 7   Stock-Based Compensation 
    
  The Corporation grants equity awards to employees, consisting of stock options, restricted stock, RSUs and PSUs under its Amended and Restated Equity and Cash Incentive Compensation Plan ("Employee Equity Plan"). In addition, employees may purchase stock under the Corporation s Employee Stock Purchase Plan. The fair value of equity awards granted to employees is recognized as compensation expense over the period during which employees are required to provide service in exchange for such awards. Compensation expense for PSUs is also recognized over the period during which employees are required to provide service in exchange for such awards, however, compensation expense may vary based on the expectations for actual performance relative to defined performance measures. 
    
  The Corporation also grants equity awards to non-employee members of its board of directors under the 2011 Directors  Equity Participation Plan ("Directors  Plan"). Under the Directors  Plan, the Corporation can grant equity awards to non-employee holding company and subsidiary bank directors in the form of stock options, restricted stock or common stock.  
    
  Equity awards issued under the Employee Equity Plan are generally granted annually and become fully vested over or after a   three  -year vesting period. The vesting period for non-performance-based awards represents the period during which employees are required to provide service in exchange for such awards. Equity awards under the Directors' Plan generally vest immediately upon grant. Certain events, as defined in the Employee Equity Plan and the Directors' Plan, result in the acceleration of the vesting of equity awards. 

25 

The following table presents compensation expense and the related tax benefits for equity awards recognized in the consolidated statements of income: 

Stock option fair values are estimated through the use of the Black-Scholes valuation methodology as of the date of grant. Stock options carry terms of up to   ten   years. Fair values for restricted stock, RSUs and a majority of PSUs are based on the trading price of the Corporation s stock on the date of grant and earn dividends during the vesting period, which are forfeitable if the awards do not vest. The fair value of certain PSUs are estimated through the use of the Monte Carlo valuation methodology as of the date of grant. 
    
  As of   September 30, 2016  , the Employee Equity Plan had   11.4 million   shares reserved for future grants through   2023  , and the Directors  Plan had approximately   384,000   shares reserved for future grants through   2021  . 

NOTE 8   Employee Benefit Plans 
    
  The Corporation maintains a defined benefit pension plan ("Pension Plan") for certain employees, which was curtailed in   2008  . Contributions to the Pension Plan are actuarially determined and funded annually, if required. The Corporation made contributions totaling   $4.6 million   during the first nine months of 2016. Pension Plan assets are invested in: money markets; fixed income securities, including corporate bonds, U.S. Treasury securities and common trust funds; and equity securities, including common stocks and common stock mutual funds.  
  The net periodic benefit cost for the Corporation s Pension Plan consisted of the following components: 

(1) 
    Service cost was related to administrative costs associated with the plan and was not due to the accrual of additional participant benefits. 
     The Corporation provides benefits under a postretirement benefits plan ("Postretirement Plan") to certain retirees who were employees of the Corporation prior to   January 1, 1998   and retired from employment with the Corporation prior to February 1, 2014. 
  
   26 

The net periodic cost (benefit) of the Corporation s Postretirement Plan consisted of the following components: 

The Corporation recognizes the funded status of its Pension Plan and Postretirement Plan on the consolidated balance sheets and recognizes the change in that funded status through other comprehensive income.  

NOTE 9   Derivative Financial Instruments 
    
  The Corporation manages its exposure to certain interest rate and foreign currency risks through the use of derivatives. None of the Corporation's outstanding derivative contracts are designated as hedges, and none are entered into for speculative purposes. Derivative instruments are carried at fair value, with changes in fair values recognized in earnings as components of non-interest income and non-interest expense on the consolidated statements of income. 
    
  Derivative contracts create counterparty credit risk with both the Corporation's customers and with institutional derivative counterparties. The Corporation manages counterparty credit risk through its credit approval processes, monitoring procedures and obtaining adequate collateral, when the Corporation determines it is appropriate to do so and in accordance with counterparty contracts. 
    
  Mortgage Banking Derivatives 
    
  In connection with its mortgage banking activities, the Corporation enters into commitments to originate certain residential mortgage loans for customers, also referred to as interest rate locks. In addition, the Corporation enters into forward commitments for the future sales or purchases of mortgage-backed securities to or from third-party counterparties to hedge the effect of changes in interest rates on the values of both the interest rate locks and mortgage loans held for sale. Forward sales commitments may also be in the form of commitments to sell individual mortgage loans at a fixed price at a future date. The amount necessary to settle each interest rate lock is based on the price that secondary market investors would pay for loans with similar characteristics, including interest rate and term, as of the date fair value is measured. Gross derivative assets and liabilities are recorded in other assets and other liabilities, respectively, on the consolidated balance sheets, and changes in fair values during the period are recorded in mortgage banking income on the consolidated statements of income.  
    
  Interest Rate Swaps 
    
  The Corporation enters into interest rate swaps with certain qualifying commercial loan customers to meet their interest rate risk management needs. The Corporation simultaneously enters into interest rate swaps with dealer counterparties, with identical notional amounts and terms. The net result of these interest rate swaps is that the customer pays a fixed rate of interest and the Corporation receives a floating rate. These interest rate swaps are derivative financial instruments and the gross fair values are recorded in other assets and other liabilities on the consolidated balance sheets, with changes in fair values during the period recorded in other non-interest expense on the consolidated statements of income. 

Foreign Exchange Contracts 
    
  The Corporation enters into foreign exchange contracts to accommodate the needs of its customers. Foreign exchange contracts are commitments to buy or sell foreign currency on a future date at a contractual price. The Corporation offsets its foreign exchange contract exposure with customers by entering into contracts with third-party correspondent financial institutions to mitigate its exposure to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates. The Corporation also holds certain amounts of foreign currency with international correspondent banks. The Corporation's policy limits the total net foreign currency open positions, which includes all outstanding contracts and foreign account balances, to   $500,000  . Gross fair values are recorded in other assets and other liabilities on the consolidated balance sheets, with changes in fair values during the period recorded within other service charges and fees on the consolidated statements of income.  
  
   27 

The following table presents a summary of the notional amounts and fair values of derivative financial instruments: 

The following table presents a summary of the fair value gains (losses) on derivative financial instruments: 

Fair Value Option 
    
  U.S. GAAP permits entities to measure many financial instruments and certain other items at fair value and requires certain disclosures for amounts for which the fair value option is applied. The Corporation has elected to measure mortgage loans held for sale at fair value to more accurately reflect the financial results of its mortgage banking activities in its consolidated financial statements. Derivative financial instruments related to these activities are also recorded at fair value, as noted above. The Corporation  
  
   28 

determines fair value for its mortgage loans held for sale based on the price that secondary market investors would pay for loans with similar characteristics, including interest rate and term, as of the date fair value is measured. Changes in fair values during the period are recorded as components of mortgage banking income on the consolidated statements of income. Interest income earned on mortgage loans held for sale is classified in interest income on the consolidated statements of income. 
    
  The following table presents a summary of the Corporation s mortgage loans held for sale: 

During the three months ended   September 30, 2016  , the Corporation recorded losses related to changes in fair values of mortgage loans held for sale of   $360,000   compared to gains of   $531,000   for the same period in 2015. During the nine months ended   September 30, 2016   and 2015, the Corporation recorded gains related to changes in fair values of mortgage loans held for sale of   $504,000   and   $309,000  , respectively. 
    
  Balance Sheet Offsetting 
    
  Certain financial assets and liabilities may be eligible for offset on the consolidated balance sheets because they are subject to master netting arrangements or similar agreements. The Corporation elects to not offset assets and liabilities subject to such arrangements on the consolidated financial statements. 
    
  The Corporation is a party to interest rate swap transactions with financial institution counterparties and customers, disclosed in detail above. Under these agreements, the Corporation has the right to net-settle multiple contracts with the same counterparty in the event of default on, or termination of, any one contract. Cash collateral is posted by the party with a net liability position in accordance with contract thresholds and can be used to settle the fair value of the interest rate swap agreements in the event of default.  
    
  The Corporation is also a party to foreign currency exchange contracts with financial institution counterparties, under which the Corporation has the right to net-settle multiple contracts with the same counterparty in the event of default on, or termination of, any one contract. As with interest rate swap contracts, collateral is posted by the party with a net liability position in accordance with contract thresholds and can be used to settle the fair value of the foreign currency exchange contracts in the event of default.  
    
  The Corporation also enters into agreements with customers in which it sells securities subject to an obligation to repurchase the same or similar securities, referred to as repurchase agreements. Under these agreements, the Corporation may transfer legal control over the assets but still maintain effective control through agreements that both entitle and obligate the Corporation to repurchase the assets. Therefore, repurchase agreements are reported as secured borrowings, classified in short-term borrowings on the consolidated balance sheets, while the securities underlying the repurchase agreements remain classified with investment securities on the consolidated balance sheets. The Corporation has no intention of setting off these amounts. Therefore, these repurchase agreements are not eligible for offset. 

29 

The following table presents the Corporation's financial instruments that are eligible for offset, and the effects of offsetting, on the consolidated balance sheets: 

(1) 
    For derivative assets, amounts represent any derivative liability fair values that could be offset in the event of counterparty or customer default. For derivative liabilities, amounts represent any derivative asset fair values that could be offset in the event of counterparty or customer default. 
              (2) 
    Amounts represent collateral received from the counterparty or posted by the Corporation. 

NOTE 10   Commitments and Contingencies 
    
  Commitments 
    
  The Corporation is a party to financial instruments with off-balance sheet risk in the normal course of business to meet the financing needs of its customers. 
    
  Those financial instruments include commitments to extend credit and letters of credit, which involve, to varying degrees, elements of credit risk and interest rate risk in excess of the amounts recognized on the Corporation s consolidated balance sheets. Exposure to credit loss in the event of nonperformance by the other party to the financial instrument for commitments to extend credit and letters of credit is represented by the outstanding amount of those instruments. 
    
  The outstanding amounts of commitments to extend credit and letters of credit as of the dates indicated were as follows: 

The Corporation records a reserve for unfunded lending commitments, which represents management s estimate of losses associated with unused commitments to extend credit. See Note 5, "Loans and Allowance for Credit Losses," for additional details. 

30 

Residential Lending 
    
  Residential mortgages originated and sold by the Corporation consist primarily of conforming, prime loans sold to government sponsored agencies, such as the Federal National Mortgage Association ("Fannie Mae") and the Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation ("Freddie Mac"). The Corporation also sells certain prime loans it originates to non-government sponsored agency investors. 
    
  The Corporation provides customary representations and warranties to government sponsored entities and investors that specify, among other things, that the loans have been underwritten to the standards established by the government sponsored entity or investor. The Corporation may be required to repurchase a loan, or reimburse the government sponsored entity or investor for a credit loss incurred on a loan, if it is determined that the representations and warranties have not been met. Such repurchases or reimbursements generally result from an underwriting or documentation deficiency. As of both   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , total outstanding repurchase requests totaled approximately   $543,000  . 
    
  From   2000   to   2011  , the Corporation sold loans to the Federal Home Loan Bank of Pittsburgh under its Mortgage Partnership Finance Program ("MPF Program"). The Corporation provided a "credit enhancement" for residential mortgage loans sold under the MPF Program whereby it would assume credit losses in excess of a defined "First Loss Account," or "FLA" balance, up to specified amounts. The FLA is funded by the Federal Home Loan Bank of Pittsburgh based on a percentage of the outstanding principal balance of loans sold. As of   September 30, 2016  , the unpaid principal balance of loans sold under the MPF Program was approximately   $108 million  . As of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , the reserve for estimated credit losses related to loans sold under the MPF Program was   $1.7 million   and   $1.8 million  , respectively. Required reserves are calculated based on delinquency status and estimated loss rates established through the Corporation's existing allowance for credit losses methodology for residential mortgage loans.  
    
  As of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , the total reserve for losses on residential mortgage loans sold was   $2.5 million   and   $2.6 million  , respectively, including both reserves for credit losses under the MPF Program and reserves for representation and warranty exposures. Management believes that the reserves recorded as of   September 30, 2016   are adequate. However, declines in collateral values, the identification of additional loans to be repurchased, or a deterioration in the credit quality of loans sold under the MPF Program could necessitate additional reserves, established through charges to earnings, in the future.  
    
  Legal Proceedings 
    
  The Corporation and its subsidiaries are involved in various legal proceedings in the ordinary course of business of the Corporation. The Corporation periodically evaluates the possible impact of pending litigation matters based on, among other factors, the advice of counsel, available insurance coverage and recorded liabilities and reserves for probable legal liabilities and costs. In addition, from time to time, the Corporation is the subject of investigations or other forms of regulatory or governmental inquiry covering a range of possible issues and, in some cases, these may be part of similar reviews of the specified activities of other industry participants. These inquiries could lead to administrative, civil or criminal proceedings, and could possibly result in fines, penalties, restitution or the need to alter the Corporation s business practices, and cause the Corporation to incur additional costs. The Corporation s practice is to cooperate fully with regulatory and governmental investigations. 
    
  As of the date of this report, the Corporation believes that any liabilities, individually or in the aggregate, which may result from the final outcomes of pending proceedings will not have a material adverse effect on the financial condition of the Corporation. However, legal proceedings are often unpredictable, and it is possible that the ultimate resolution of any such matters, if unfavorable, may be material to the Corporation s results of operations for any particular period, depending, in part, upon the size of the loss or liability imposed and the operating results for the applicable period. 
    
  BSA/AML Enforcement Orders 
    
  The Corporation and each of its bank subsidiaries are subject to regulatory enforcement orders issued during 2014 and 2015 by their respective federal and state bank regulatory agencies relating to identified deficiencies in the Corporation s centralized Bank Secrecy Act and anti-money laundering compliance program (the "BSA/AML Compliance Program"), which was designed to comply with the requirements of the Bank Secrecy Act, the USA Patriot Act of 2001 and related anti-money laundering regulations (collectively, the "BSA/AML Requirements"). The regulatory enforcement orders, which are in the form of consent orders or orders to cease and desist issued upon consent ("Consent Orders"), generally require, among other things, that the Corporation and its bank subsidiaries undertake a number of required actions to strengthen and enhance the BSA/AML Compliance Program, and, in some cases, conduct retrospective reviews of past account activity and transactions, as well as certain reports filed in accordance with the BSA/AML Requirements, to determine whether suspicious activity and certain transactions in currency were properly identified and reported in accordance with the BSA/AML Requirements. In addition to requiring strengthening and  
  
   31 

enhancement of the BSA/AML Compliance Program, while the Consent Orders remain in effect, the Corporation is subject to certain restrictions on expansion activities of the Corporation and its bank subsidiaries. Further, any failure to comply with the requirements of any of the Consent Orders involving the Corporation or its bank subsidiaries could result in further enforcement actions, the imposition of material restrictions on the activities of the Corporation or its bank subsidiaries, or the assessment of fines or penalties. 
    
  Fair Lending Investigation 
    
  During the second quarter of 2015, Fulton Bank, N.A., the Corporation s largest bank subsidiary, received a letter from the U.S. Department of Justice (the "Department") indicating that the Department had initiated an investigation regarding potential violations of the fair lending laws (specifically, the Equal Credit Opportunity Act and the Fair Housing Act) by Fulton Bank, N.A. in certain geographies. Fulton Bank, N.A. has been and is cooperating with the Department and responding to the Department s requests for information. During the third quarter of 2016, the Department informed the Corporation, Fulton Bank, N.A., and three of the Corporation s other bank subsidiaries, Fulton Bank of New Jersey, The Columbia Bank and Lafayette Ambassador Bank, that the Department was expanding its investigation of potential lending discrimination on the basis of race and national origin to encompass additional geographies that were not included in the initial letter from the Department. In addition to requesting information concerning the lending activities of these bank subsidiaries, the Department also requested information concerning the Corporation and the residential mortgage lending activities conducted under the Fulton Mortgage Company brand, the trade name used by all of the Corporation s bank subsidiaries for residential mortgage lending. The investigation relates to lending activities during the period January 1, 2009 to the present. The Corporation and the identified bank subsidiaries are cooperating with the Department and responding to the Department s requests for information. The Corporation and its bank subsidiaries are not able at this time to determine the terms on which this investigation will be resolved or the timing of such resolution, or to reliably estimate the amounts or range of possible amounts of any settlement, fines or other penalties or, the cost of any other remedial actions, if enforcement action is taken. In addition, should the investigation result in an enforcement action against the Corporation or its bank subsidiaries, or a settlement with the Department, the ability of the Corporation and its bank subsidiaries to engage in certain expansion or other other activities may be restricted. 
    
  Agostino, et al. Litigation 
    
  Fulton Bank, N.A. (the "Bank"), the Corporation s largest bank subsidiary, and   two   unrelated, third-party defendants, Ameriprise Financial Services, Inc. and Riverview Bank, have been named as defendants in a lawsuit brought on behalf of a group of   58   plaintiffs filed on March 31, 2016 in the Court of Common Pleas for Dauphin County, Pennsylvania (Agostino, et al. v. Ameriprise Financial Services, Inc., et al., No. 2016-CV-2048-CV). The plaintiffs in this action, who are individuals, trustees of certain irrevocable trusts or the executors of the estates of deceased individuals, were clients of Jeffrey M. Mottern, a now deceased attorney, who is alleged to have operated a Ponzi scheme which defrauded the plaintiffs over a period of years through the sale of fictitious, high-yielding investments or by otherwise misappropriating funds entrusted to Mr. Mottern. Mr. Mottern is alleged to have used the proceeds of these activities to engage in speculative securities trading, which incurred significant losses, and for Mr. Mottern s personal expenses. The allegations against the Bank relate to a commercial checking account at the Bank maintained by Mr. Mottern in connection with Mr. Mottern s law practice. The lawsuit alleges that the Bank is liable to the plaintiffs for failing to properly monitor Mr. Mottern s checking account and detect Mr. Mottern s fraudulent activity, and specifically alleges that the Bank aided and abetted Mr. Mottern s: (1) fraud; (2) breach of fiduciary duty; (3) violations of the Pennsylvania Unfair Trade Practices and Consumer Protection Law; and (4) conversion. Similar claims have been asserted against Ameriprise Financial Services, Inc. and Riverview Bank, which allegedly maintained a personal brokerage account and a trust account for client or other third-party funds, respectively, for Mr. Mottern. The lawsuit seeks damages from the defendants, including the Bank, alleged to be in excess of   $11.3 million  , treble damages and attorneys  fees with respect to alleged violations of the Pennsylvania Unfair Trade Practices and Consumer Protection Law, punitive damages, plus interest and costs. On April 29, 2016, the Bank filed a Notice of Removal to remove this lawsuit to the United States District Court for the Middle District of Pennsylvania. On May 31, 2016, the plaintiffs filed a motion to remand the lawsuit to the Court of Common Pleas for Dauphin County, Pennsylvania. On October 24, 2016, the District Court granted the plaintiffs' motion and the lawsuit was remanded back to the Court of Common Pleas for Dauphin County. 

32 

NOTE 11   Fair Value Measurements 
    
  FASB ASC Topic 820 establishes a fair value hierarchy for the inputs to valuation techniques used to measure assets and liabilities at fair value using the following three categories (from highest to lowest priority): 
             
    Level 1   Inputs that represent quoted prices for identical instruments in active markets. 
                
    Level 2   Inputs that represent quoted prices for similar instruments in active markets, or quoted prices for identical instruments in non-active markets. Also includes valuation techniques whose inputs are derived principally from observable market data other than quoted prices, such as interest rates or other market-corroborated means. 
                
    Level 3   Inputs that are largely unobservable, as little or no market data exists for the instrument being valued. 
     The Corporation has categorized all assets and liabilities measured at fair value on both a recurring and nonrecurring basis into the above three levels. 
    
  The following tables present summaries of the Corporation s assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis and reported on the consolidated balance sheets: 

The valuation techniques used to measure fair value for the items in the preceding tables are as follows: 
             
    Mortgage loans held for sale     This category consists of mortgage loans held for sale that the Corporation has elected to measure at fair value. Fair values as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015   were measured based on the price  
     
   33 

that secondary market investors were offering for loans with similar characteristics. See Note 9, "Derivative Financial Instruments" for details related to the Corporation s election to measure assets and liabilities at fair value. 
             
    Available for sale investment securities     Included in this asset category are both equity and debt securities. Level 2 available for sale debt securities are valued by a third-party pricing service commonly used in the banking industry. The pricing service uses pricing models that vary based on asset class and incorporate available market information, including quoted prices of investment securities with similar characteristics. Because many fixed income securities do not trade on a daily basis, pricing models use available information, as applicable, through processes such as benchmark yield curves, benchmarking of like securities, sector groupings, and matrix pricing. 
     Standard market inputs include: benchmark yields, reported trades, broker/dealer quotes, issuer spreads, two-sided markets, benchmark securities, bids, offers and reference data, including market research publications.  For certain security types, additional inputs may be used, or some of the standard market inputs may not be applicable. 
    
  Management tests the values provided by the pricing service by obtaining securities prices from an alternative third-party source and comparing the results. This test is done for approximately   94%   of the securities valued by the pricing service. Generally, differences by security in excess of   5%   are researched to reconcile the difference. 
              
    U.S. Government securities/U.S. Government sponsored agency securities/State and municipal securities/Collateralized mortgage obligations/Mortgage-backed securities     These debt securities are classified as Level 2 investments. Fair values are determined by a third-party pricing service, as detailed above. 
      Level 2 investments include the Corporation s holdings of subordinated debt, other corporate debt issued by non-financial institutions and   $36.8 million   and   $36.5 million   of single-issuer trust preferred securities held at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively. The fair values for these corporate debt securities are determined by a third-party pricing service, as detailed above. 
  Level 3 investments include the Corporation s investments in pooled trust preferred securities (  $706,000   at both   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  ) and certain single-issuer trust preferred securities (  $2.4 million   at   September 30, 2016   and   $2.6 million   at   December 31, 2015  ). The fair values of these securities were determined based on quotes provided by third-party brokers who determined fair values based predominantly on internal valuation models which were not indicative prices or binding offers. The Corporation s third-party pricing service cannot derive fair values for these securities primarily due to inactive markets for similar investments. Level 3 values are tested by management primarily through trend analysis, by comparing current values to those reported at the end of the preceding calendar quarter, and determining if they are reasonable based on price and spread movements for this asset class.  
             
    Auction rate securities     Due to their illiquidity, ARCs are classified as Level 3 investments and are valued through the use of an expected cash flows model prepared by a third-party valuation expert. The assumptions used in preparing the expected cash flows model include estimates for coupon rates, time to maturity and market rates of return. The most significant unobservable input to the expected cash flows model is an assumed return to market liquidity sometime in the next   five   years. If the assumed return to market liquidity was lengthened beyond the next   five   years, this would result in a decrease in the fair value of these ARCs. The Corporation believes that the trusts underlying the ARCs will self-liquidate as student loans are repaid. Level 3 fair values are tested by management through the performance of a trend analysis of the market price and discount rate. Changes in the price and discount rates are compared to changes in market data, including bond ratings, parity ratios, balances and delinquency levels. 
     
   34 

Other assets     Included in this category are the following:  
              
    Level 2 assets include the fair value of mortgage banking derivatives in the form of interest rate locks and forward commitments with secondary market investors (  $3.2 million   at   September 30, 2016   and   $1.5 million   at   December 31, 2015  ) and the fair value of interest rate swaps (  $80.9 million   at   September 30, 2016   and   $33.0 million   at   December 31, 2015  ). The fair values of the Corporation s interest rate locks, forward commitments and interest rate swaps represent the amounts that would be required to settle the derivative financial instruments at the balance sheet date. See Note 9, "Derivative Financial Instruments," for additional information. 
       
     Other liabilities     Included in this category are the following: 

35 

The following table presents the changes in the Corporation s available for sale investment securities measured at fair value on a recurring basis using unobservable inputs (Level 3): 

(1) 
    Pooled trust preferred securities, single-issuer trust preferred securities and ARCs are classified as available for sale investment securities; as such, the unrealized adjustment to fair value was recorded as an unrealized holding gain (loss) and included as a component of available for sale investment securities on the consolidated balance sheets. 
              (2) 
    Included as a component of net interest income on the consolidated statements of income. 

36 

Certain financial assets are not measured at fair value on an ongoing basis, but are subject to fair value measurement in certain circumstances, such as upon their acquisition or when there is evidence of impairment. The following table presents the Corporation s financial assets measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis and reported on the Corporation s consolidated balance sheets: 

The valuation techniques used to measure fair value for the items in the table above are as follows: 
             
    Net loans     This category consists of loans that were evaluated for impairment under FASB ASC Section 310-10-35 and have been classified as Level 3 assets. The amount shown is the balance of impaired loans, net of the related allowance for loan losses. See Note 5, "Loans and Allowance for Credit Losses," for additional details.  
      Fair values for OREO were based on estimated selling prices less estimated selling costs for similar assets in active markets. 
  MSRs are initially recorded at fair value upon the sale of residential mortgage loans to secondary market investors. MSRs are amortized as a reduction to servicing income over the estimated lives of the underlying loans. MSRs are stratified and evaluated for impairment by comparing each stratum's carrying amount to its estimated fair value. Fair values are determined at the end of each quarter through a discounted cash flows valuation performed by a third-party valuation expert. Significant inputs to the valuation included expected net servicing income, the discount rate and the expected life of the underlying loans. Expected life is based on the contractual terms of the loans, as adjusted for prepayment projections. The weighted average annual constant prepayment rate and the weighted average discount rate used in the   September 30, 2016   valuation were   14.4%   and   10.1%  , respectively. Management tests the reasonableness of the significant inputs to the third-party valuation in comparison to market data.  

37 

As required by FASB ASC Section 825-10-50, the following table details the book values and estimated fair values of the Corporation s financial instruments as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  . In addition, a general description of the methods and assumptions used to estimate such fair values is also provided. 

(1) 
    These financial instruments, or certain financial instruments in these categories, are measured at fair value on the Corporation s consolidated balance sheets. Descriptions of the fair value determinations for these financial instruments are disclosed above. 
     Fair values of financial instruments are significantly affected by the assumptions used, principally the timing of future cash flows and discount rates. Because assumptions are inherently subjective in nature, the estimated fair values cannot be substantiated by comparison to independent market quotes and, in many cases, the estimated fair values could not necessarily be realized in an immediate sale or settlement of the instrument. The aggregate fair value amounts presented do not necessarily represent management s estimate of the underlying value of the Corporation. 
  For short-term financial instruments, defined as those with remaining maturities of   90   days or less, and excluding those recorded at fair value on the Corporation s consolidated balance sheets, book value was considered to be a reasonable estimate of fair value. 
    
  The following instruments are predominantly short-term: 
                   Assets 
       
    Liabilities 
      Cash and due from banks 
       
    Demand and savings deposits 
      Interest-bearing deposits with other banks 
       
    Short-term borrowings 
      Accrued interest receivable 
       
    Accrued interest payable 

Federal Reserve Bank and Federal Home Loan Bank ("FHLB") stock represent restricted investments and are carried at cost on the consolidated balance sheets.  
  Fair values for loans and time deposits were estimated by discounting future cash flows using the current rates at which similar loans would be made to borrowers and similar deposits would be issued to customers for the same remaining maturities. Fair values estimated in this manner do not fully incorporate an exit price approach to fair value, as defined in FASB ASC Topic 820. 
  The fair values of FHLB advances and long-term debt were estimated by discounting the remaining contractual cash flows using a rate at which the Corporation could issue debt with similar remaining maturities as of the balance sheet date. These borrowings would be categorized in Level 2 liabilities under FASB ASC Topic 820. 

38 

Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations ("Management s Discussion") relates to Fulton Financial Corporation (the "Corporation"), a financial holding company registered under the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956 and incorporated under the laws of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania in 1982, and its wholly owned subsidiaries. Management s Discussion should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and notes presented in this report. 

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
    
  The Corporation has made, and may continue to make, certain forward-looking statements with respect to its financial condition and results of operations. Do not unduly rely on forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of words such as "may," "should," "will," "could," "estimates," "predicts," "potential," "continue," "anticipates," "believes," "plans," "expects," "future," "intends" and similar expressions which are intended to identify forward-looking statements.  Statements relating to the "outlook" or "2016 outlook" contained herein are forward-looking statements. 
    
  These forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to risks and uncertainties, some of which are beyond the Corporation's control and ability to predict, that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in the forward-looking statements. The Corporation undertakes no obligation, other than as required by law, to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Many factors could affect future financial results including, without limitation: 

the impact of adverse conditions in the economy and capital markets on the performance of the Corporation s loan portfolio and demand for the Corporation s products and services; 
                
    increases in non-performing assets, which may require the Corporation to increase the allowance for credit losses, charge off loans and incur elevated collection and carrying costs related to such non-performing assets; 
                
    investment securities gains and losses, including other-than-temporary declines in the value of securities which may result in charges to earnings; 
                
    the effects of market interest rates, and the relative balances of rate-sensitive assets to rate-sensitive liabilities, on net interest margin and net interest income; 
                
    the effects of changes in interest rates on demand for the Corporation s products and services; 
                
    the effects of changes in interest rates or disruptions in liquidity markets on the Corporation s sources of funding; 
                
    the Corporation s ability to manage liquidity, both at the holding company level and at its bank subsidiaries; 
                
    the impact of increased regulatory scrutiny of the banking industry; 
                
    the effects of the increasing amounts of time and expense associated with regulatory compliance and risk management; 
                
    the potential for negative consequences from regulatory violations and investigations, including potential supervisory actions and the assessment of fines and penalties; 
                
    the additional time, expense and investment required to comply with, and the restrictions on potential growth and investment activities resulting from, the existing enforcement orders applicable to the Corporation and its bank subsidiaries by federal and state bank regulatory agencies requiring improvement in compliance functions and other remedial actions, or any future enforcement orders; 
                
    the Corporation s ability to manage the uncertainty associated with the delay in implementing many of the regulations mandated by the Dodd-Frank Act; 
                
    the effects of negative publicity on the Corporation s reputation; 
                
    the effects of adverse outcomes in litigation and governmental or administrative proceedings; 
                
    the Corporation s ability to successfully transform its business model; 
                
    the Corporation s ability to achieve its growth plans; 
                
    the effects of competition on deposit rates and growth, loan rates and growth and net interest margin; 
                
    the Corporation s ability to manage the level of non-interest expenses, including salaries and employee benefits expenses, operating risk losses and goodwill impairment; 
                
    the impact of operational risks, including the risk of human error, inadequate or failed internal processes and systems, computer and telecommunications systems failures, faulty or incomplete data and an inadequate risk management framework; 
                
    the impact of failures of third parties upon which the Corporation relies to perform in accordance with contractual arrangements; 
                
    the failure or circumvention of the Corporation s system of internal controls; 
                
    the loss of, or failure to safeguard, confidential or proprietary information; 
                
    the Corporation s failure to identify and to address cyber-security risks; 
     
   39 

the Corporation s ability to keep pace with technological changes;  
                
    the Corporation s ability to attract and retain talented personnel; 
                
    capital and liquidity strategies, including the Corporation s ability to comply with applicable capital and liquidity requirements, and the Corporation s ability to generate capital internally or raise capital on favorable terms; 
                
    the Corporation s reliance on its subsidiaries for substantially all of its revenues and its ability to pay dividends or other distributions;  
                
    the effects of any downgrade in the Corporation s credit ratings on its borrowing costs or access to capital markets; and 
                
    the effects of changes in accounting policies, standards, and interpretations on the Corporation s financial condition and results of operations. 

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS    
    
  Overview and Outlook 
    
  Fulton Financial Corporation is a financial holding company comprised of six wholly owned bank subsidiaries which provide a full range of retail and commercial financial services in Pennsylvania, Delaware, Maryland, New Jersey and Virginia and eight wholly owned non-bank subsidiaries. The Corporation generates the majority of its revenue through net interest income, or the difference between interest earned on loans, investments and other interest-earning assets, and interest paid on deposits and borrowings. Growth in net interest income is dependent upon balance sheet growth and maintaining or increasing the net interest margin, which is net interest income (fully taxable-equivalent, or "FTE") as a percentage of average interest-earning assets. The Corporation also generates revenue through fees earned on the various services and products offered to its customers and through gains on sales of assets, such as loans, investments, or properties. Offsetting these revenue sources are provisions for credit losses on loans, non-interest expenses and income taxes. 
    
  The following table presents a summary of the Corporation s earnings and selected performance ratios: 

(1) 
    Ratio represents a financial measure derived by methods other than Generally Accepted Accounting Principles ("GAAP"). See reconciliation of this non-GAAP financial measure to the most comparable GAAP measure under the heading, "Supplemental Reporting of Non-GAAP Based Financial Measures" at the end of this "Overview and Outlook" section. 
              (2) 
    Presented on an FTE basis, using a 35% federal tax rate and statutory interest expense disallowances. See also the  Net Interest Income  section of Management s Discussion. 
       
  Net income for the three and   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   increased   $7.2 million  , or   21.1%  , and   $8.5 million  , or   7.7%  , respectively, compared to the same periods in   2015  . These increases were mainly due to higher net interest income and non-interest income, excluding investment securities gains, partially offset by increases in the provision for credit losses, decreases in investment securities gains and increases in non-interest expenses, excluding the loss on redemption of trust preferred securities that occurred in the third quarter of 2015. 

40 

The following is a summary of financial highlights for the three and   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  : 
    
  FTE Net Interest Income and Net Interest Margin   - For the three and   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , FTE net interest income increased   $5.5 million  , or   4.2%  , and   $17.9 million  , or   4.6%  , respectively, in comparison to the same periods in   2015  . These increases were driven by growth in interest-earning assets, partially offset by the impact of net interest margin compression.    
    
  Average interest-earning assets increased   $940.4 million  , or   5.8%  , in the   third   quarter of   2016   in comparison to the same period in   2015  , mainly due to a   $842.4 million  , or   6.3%  , increase in average loans, a   $71.7 million  , or   3.0%  , increase in average investment securities and a   $24.5 million  , or   5.1%  , increase in average other interest-earning assets. Average interest-bearing liabilities increased   $571.7 million  , or   5.1%  , primarily due to a   $501.1 million  , or   5.0%  , increase in average interest-bearing deposits and a   $101.7 million  , or   31.3%  , increase in average short-term borrowings, partially offset by a   $31.0 million  , or   3.1%  , decrease in average FHLB advances and average long-term debt. Additional funding to support the increase in average interest-earning assets was provided by a   $323.5 million  , or   8.3%  , increase in average noninterest-bearing deposits. 
    
  During the first nine months of   2016  , average interest-earning assets increased   $871.1 million  , or   5.4%  , compared to the same period in   2015  , mainly due to a   $791.0 million  , or   6.0%  , increase in average loans and a   $140.7 million  , or   6.1%  , increase in average investment securities, partially offset by a   $57.4 million  , or   12.4%  , decrease in average other interest-earning assets. Average interest-bearing liabilities increased   $522.7 million  , or   4.7%  , the result of   $521.2 million  , or   5.3%  , increase in average interest-bearing deposits, and a   $87.1 million  , or   25.8%  , increase in average short-term borrowings, partially offset by a   $85.6 million  , or   8.2%  , decrease in average FHLB advances and average long-term debt. Additional funding to support the increase in average interest-earning assets was provided by a   $323.6 million  , or   8.6%  , increase in average noninterest-bearing deposits. 
    
  Asset Quality   - The Corporation recorded a   $4.1 million   provision for credit losses for the three months ended   September 30, 2016  , compared to a   $1.0 million   provision for the same period in   2015  . For the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , the Corporation recorded an   $8.2 million   provision for credit losses compared to a   $500,000   negative provision in the same period of   2015  . The increase in provision for credit losses in 2016 was largely due to growth in the loan portfolio. In 2015, the negative provision was driven by an improvement in net charge-off levels, particularly among pooled impaired loans across all portfolio segments.  
    
  Overall asset quality improved for both the three and nine months ended   September 30, 2016   as compared to the same periods of   2015   with the exception of annualized net charge-offs for the third quarter. Annualized net charge-offs to average loans outstanding were   0.11%   for the   third   quarter of 2016, compared to   0.03%   for the   third   quarter of   2015  . Annualized net charge-offs to average loans outstanding were   0.14%   for the first nine months of 2016, compared to   0.16%   for the nine months of   2015  . Non-performing assets decreased   $5.5 million  , or   3.5%  , as of   September 30, 2016   compared to   September 30, 2015   and were   0.80%   and   0.87%   of total assets as of   September 30, 2016   and   September 30, 2015  , respectively. The total delinquency rate was   1.38%   as of   September 30, 2016  , compared to   1.49%   as of   September 30, 2015  . 
    
  Non-interest Income   - For the three and   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , non-interest income, excluding investment securities gains, increased   $5.1 million  , or   11.9%  , and   $8.7 million  , or   6.8%  , respectively, in comparison to the same periods in   2015  . The increase during the third quarter of 2016 was primarily the result of increases in commercial loan interest rate swap fees and an increase in mortgage banking income. The increase in year to date results was driven by higher commercial loan interest rate swap fees and an increase in service charges on deposit accounts, partially offset by a decrease in mortgage banking income. During 2016, $3.0 million of impairment charges on MSRs were recorded as a reduction to mortgage banking income. See Note 6, "Mortgage Servicing Rights," in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional details regarding the impairment charge. 
    
  Investment securities gains for the three and   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   were   $2,000   and   $1.0 million  , respectively, as compared to   $1.7 million   and   $8.3 million   for the same periods in   2015  . 
    
  Non-interest Expense   - For the three months ended   September 30, 2016  , non-interest expense, excluding the on loss redemption of trust preferred securities incurred in the third quarter of 2015, increased $585,000, or 0.5%, in comparison to the third quarter of   2015  . For the three months ended   September 30, 2016  , all expense categories were lower with the exception of salaries and employee benefits, net occupancy expense and software. 
    
  For the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , non-interest expense, excluding the loss on redemption of trust preferred securities incurred in the third quarter of 2015, increased $5.8 million, or 1.6%, in comparison to the same period in   2015  . Increases in salaries and employee benefits was the primary driver, partially offset by decreases in most other expense categories. 

41 

2016 Outlook 
    
  Originally the Corporation provided its outlook for 2016 results in its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015  . The following outlook for 2016 remains unchanged: 

annual mid- to high- single digit growth rate in average loans and deposits; 
                
    provision for credit losses driven primarily by loan growth; 
                
    annual mid- to high- single digit growth rate in non-interest income, excluding the impact of securities gains; 
                
    annual low- to mid- single digit growth rate in non-interest expense (excluding, for comparison purposes, the impact of the loss on redemption of Trust Preferred Securities (TruPS) incurred in the third quarter of 2015); and 
                
    focus on utilizing capital to support growth and provide appropriate returns to shareholders. 
       
  The Corporation's original outlook expected net interest margin to be stable on an annual basis with modest quarterly volatility of plus or minus 0 to 3 basis points. This outlook was updated during the second quarter of 2016 as follows: 

absent further market interest rate increases, low-single digit quarterly compression in net interest margin. 

42 

Supplemental Reporting of Non-GAAP Based Financial Measures 
  This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q contains supplemental financial information, as detailed below, which has been derived by methods other than GAAP. The Corporation has presented these non-GAAP financial measures because it believes that these measures provide useful and comparative information to assess trends in the Corporation's results of operations. Presentation of these non-GAAP financial measures is consistent with how the Corporation evaluates its performance internally, and these non-GAAP financial measures are frequently used by securities analysts, investors and other interested parties in the evaluation of companies in the Corporation's industry. Management believes that these non-GAAP financial measures, in addition to GAAP measures, are also useful to investors to evaluate the Corporation's results. Investors should recognize that the Corporation's presentation of these non-GAAP financial measures might not be comparable to similarly-titled measures of other companies. These non-GAAP financial measures should not be considered a substitute for GAAP basis measures, and the Corporation strongly encourages a review of its consolidated financial statements in their entirety. Following are reconciliations of these non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measure as of and for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30  : 

(1) 
    Presented on an FTE basis, using a 35% federal tax rate and statutory interest expense disallowances. See also the  Net Interest Income  section of Management s Discussion. 

43 

Quarter Ended   September 30, 2016   compared to the Quarter Ended   September 30, 2015 
    
  Net Interest Income 
    
  FTE net interest income increased   $5.5 million  , to   $135.8 million  , in the   third   quarter of   2016  , from   $130.3 million   in the   third   quarter of   2015  . The increase was due to a   $940.4 million  , or   5.8%  , increase in interest-earning assets. The net interest margin declined   4   basis points, to   3.14%  , for the   third   quarter of   2016   compared to   3.18%   for the   third   quarter of   2015  . The following table provides a comparative average balance sheet and net interest income analysis for those periods. Interest income and yields are presented on an FTE basis, using a 35% federal tax rate and statutory interest expense disallowances. The discussion following this table is based on these FTE amounts. 

(1) 
    Includes dividends earned on equity securities. 
              (2) 
    Includes non-performing loans. 
              (3) 
    Balances include amortized historical cost for available for sale securities; the related unrealized holding gains (losses) are included in other assets. 
     
   44 

The following table summarizes the changes in FTE interest income and interest expense resulting from changes in average balances (volume) and changes in rates for the   three months ended September 30  : 

Note: Changes which are partially attributable to both volume and rate are allocated to the volume and rate components presented above based on the percentage of direct changes that are attributable to each component.  
  As summarized above, the increase in average interest-earning assets, primarily loans, resulted in an   $9.4 million   increase in FTE interest income. This was partially offset by the impact of a   5   basis point, or   1.4%  , decrease in yields on average interest-earning assets, which resulted in a   $3.5 million   decrease in FTE interest income. 
  Average loans and average FTE yields, by type, are summarized in the following table: 

Average loans increased   $842.4 million  , or   6.3%  , compared to the   third   quarter of   2015  .  The increase was driven largely by growth in the  commercial mortgage and  residential mortgage portfolios as well as the commercial loan, construction and leasing portfolios. The   $428.9 million  , or   8.2%  , increase in commercial mortgages occurred in both owner-occupied and investment property types and was primarily in the Pennsylvania and New Jersey markets. The   $122.1 million  , or   8.8%  , increase in the residential mortgages was primarily the result of a strategic decision to retain certain mortgage loans. The average yield on loans decreased   9   basis points, or   2.2%  , to   3.93%   in   2016   from   4.02%   in   2015  . The decrease in average yields on loans was attributable to repayments of higher-yielding loans, continued refinancing activity at lower rates, and new loan production at rates lower than the overall portfolio yield. 

45 

Average total interest-bearing liabilities increased   $571.7 million  , or   5.1%  , compared to the   third   quarter of   2015  . Interest expense increased   $368,000  , or   1.8%  , to   $20.9 million   in the   third   quarter of   2016   primarily as a result of an increase in rates, largely a result of the Federal Reserve Board's decision to raise the target range for the federal funds rate by 25 basis points in December 2015. Average deposits and average interest rates, by type, are summarized in the following table: 

The   $974.0 million  , or   8.9%  , increase in total demand and savings accounts was primarily due to a $516.3 million, or 10.4%, increase in personal account balances, a $315.8 million, or 7.9%, increase in business account balances and a $145.8 million, or 7.6%, increase in municipal account balances. The average cost of total deposits increased   2   basis points to   0.31%   in the   third   quarter of   2016   compared to   0.29%   in the   third   quarter of   2015  . 
    
  Average borrowings and interest rates, by type, are summarized in the following table: 

(1)       Represents FHLB advances with an original maturity term of less than one year. 
    
  Total short-term borrowings increased   $101.7 million  , or   31.3%  , primarily as a result of increases in federal funds purchased.  
    
  Average long-term debt decreased   $31.0 million  , or   3.1%  , due to FHLB advance maturities and the restructuring of other long-term debt. In the third quarter of 2015, the Corporation executed two transactions to restructure its long-term FHLB advances. First, $200 million of FHLB advances, with a weighted average rate of 4.45% and a maturity date in the first quarter of 2017, were refinanced with new advances maturing from September 2019 to December 2020, at a weighted average rate of 2.95%. This transaction reduced interest expense on a quarterly basis by approximately $750,000, beginning in the fourth quarter of 2015. Second, forward agreements were executed to refinance an additional $200 million of FHLB advances when the advances mature in December 2016. These forward agreements have maturity dates from March 2021 to December 2021 and the refinancing will reduce the weighted average rate on these advances from 4.03% to 2.40% and decrease interest expense on a quarterly basis by approximately $800,000, beginning in the first quarter of 2017. 

46 

Provision for Credit Losses 
    
  The provision for credit losses was   $4.1 million   for the   third   quarter of   2016  , an increase of   $3.1 million   from the   third   quarter of   2015  , attributable to continued loan growth with overall credit metrics stable. 
    
  The provision for credit losses is recognized as an expense in the consolidated statements of income and is the amount necessary to adjust the allowance for credit losses to its appropriate balance, as determined through the Corporation's allowance methodology. The Corporation determines the appropriate level of the allowance for credit losses based on many quantitative and qualitative factors, including, but not limited to: the size and composition of the loan portfolio, changes in risk ratings, changes in collateral values, delinquency levels, historical losses and economic conditions. See the "Financial Condition" section of Management's Discussion under the heading "Provision for Credit Losses and Allowance for Credit Losses" for details related to the Corporation's allowance and provision for credit losses. 
    
  Non-Interest Income 
    
  The following table presents the components of non-interest income: 

Excluding investment securities gains, non-interest income increased $5.1 million, or 11.9%. Other service charges and fees increased $3.4 million, or 31.4%, driven mainly by a $3.1 million increase in commercial loan interest rate swap fees, as borrowers executed such swaps to lock in fixed rates during the third quarter of 2016, and by a $220,000 increase in merchant fee income resulting from higher transaction volumes in the third quarter of 2016.    
  Gains on sales of mortgage loans increased $2.2 million, or 84.9%, compared to the same period in 2015, as both new loan volumes and pricing spreads increased. Mortgage servicing income recognized in the third quarter of 2016, decreased $285,000, or 23.0%, compared to the third quarter of 2015. An $1.3 million impairment charge on MSRs was recorded in the third quarter of 2016. See Note 6, "Mortgage Servicing Rights," in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional details regarding the impairment charge. 
  
   47 

Other income increased $592,000, or 40.9%, due mainly to an increase in gains on the sale of loans guaranteed by the Small Business Administration. 
    
  Investment securities gains decreased $1.7 million from the third quarter of 2015. See Note 4, "Investment Securities," in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional details. 
    
  Non-Interest Expense 
    
  The following table presents the components of non-interest expense: 

The $5.4 million, or 8.3%, increase in salaries and employee benefits was primarily driven by a $3.7 million, or 6.7%, increase in salaries, resulting from higher average salaries per full-time equivalent employee, normal merit increases and an increase in incentive compensation. Employee benefits expense increased $1.7 million, or 17.0%, largely due to higher health care expenses. 
    
  Net occupancy expense increased $1.1 million, or 10.0%, as a result of lower than normal expenses recognized in the third quarter of 2015. Outside services include fees paid to consultants and expenses for contracted or outsourced services. Consulting expenses can fluctuate based on the timing and need for such services. The $1.6 million, or 21.6%, decrease in expense in comparison to the third quarter of 2015 was largely due to the timing of expenses related to the Corporation s BSA/AML compliance program remediation efforts and certain information technology and human resources initiatives. 
    
  Data processing expense decreased $495,000, or 9.7%, due to renegotiated contracts. Equipment expense decreased $458,000, or 12.7%, primarily due to lower depreciation expense when compared to the third quarter of 2015, as certain assets became fully depreciated. The $293,000, or 10.4%, decrease in professional fees was driven by lower net legal expenses due to recoveries on settled non-performing loan accounts. FDIC insurance expense decreased $1.1 million, or 37.5% as the assessment rates for banks with less than $10 billion in assets decreased with Deposit Insurance Fund (DIF) exceeding 1.15% of the deposit base. Marketing expense decreased $328,000, or 15.6%, compared to the third quarter of 2015 due to the timing of various marketing promotions. 
    
  Other real estate owned and repossession expense decreased $274,000, or 27.0%, when compared to the third quarter of 2015. This decrease was due to a $147,000 decrease in net losses on the sales of other real estate properties. This expense category can experience fluctuations from period to period based on the timing of sales of properties and payments of expenses, such as real estate taxes. 
    
  The $580,000, or 51.1%, decrease in operating risk loss was due to a $426,000 decrease in debit card fraud and $289,000 decrease in losses associated with previously sold mortgages, partially offset by increases in wire transfer fraud and other categories. 
  
   48 

In July 2015, the Corporation redeemed $150.0 million of TruPS. In connection with this redemption, a loss of $5.6 million was 
  recognized as a component of non-interest expense. 
    
  Income Taxes 
    
  Income tax expense for the   third   quarter of   2016   was $13.3 million, a   $2.9 million  , or   28.4%  , increase from $10.3 million for the   third   quarter of   2015  . 
    
  The Corporation s effective tax rate was 24.2% in the third quarter of 2016, as compared to 23.2% in the third quarter of 2015.     The effective tax rate is generally lower than the federal statutory rate of 35% due to tax-exempt interest income earned on loans, investments in tax-free municipal securities and credits earned from investments in partnerships that generate tax credits under various federal programs (Tax Credit Investments). The increase in the effective rate from the third quarter of 2015 was driven by higher income before income taxes and higher state income taxes, partially offset by an increase in net credits on Tax Credit Investments. 
  
   49 

Nine Months Ended September 30,     2016   compared to the   Nine Months Ended September 30,     2015 
    
  Net Interest Income 
    
  FTE net interest income increased   $17.9 million  , or   4.6%  , to   $403.7 million   in the first nine months of 2016 from   $385.8 million   in the same period of 2015. Net interest margin decreased   3   basis points to   3.19%   for the first nine months of 2016 from   3.22%   for the same period of 2015. The increase in FTE net interest income was mainly due to an   $871.1 million  , or   5.4%  , increase in interest earning assets. The following table provides a comparative average balance sheet and net interest income analysis for those periods. Interest income and yields are presented on an FTE basis, using a 35% federal tax rate and statutory interest expense disallowances. The discussion following this table is based on these FTE amounts. 

(1) 
    Includes dividends earned on equity securities. 
              (2) 
    Includes non-performing loans. 
              (3) 
    Balances include amortized historical cost for available for sale securities; the related unrealized holding gains (losses) are included in other assets. 

50 

The following table summarizes the changes in FTE interest income and expense for the first   nine   months of   2016   as compared to the same period in   2015   due to changes in average balances (volume) and changes in rates: 
   
 Note: Changes which are partially attributable to both volume and rate are allocated to the volume and rate components presented above based on the percentage of direct changes that are attributable to each component.  
  As summarized above, the increase in FTE interest income was the result of an increase in average interest-earning assets, primarily loans, which resulted in a   $27.0 million   increase in FTE interest income, partially offset by an   $11.6 million   decrease due to lower yields on average interest-earning assets. 
  Average loans, by type, are summarized in the following table: 

Average loans increased   $791.0 million  , or   6.0%  , which contributed   $23.9 million   to the increase in FTE interest income. The average yield on loans decreased   9   basis points, or   2.2%  , to   3.97%   in 2016 from   4.06%   in 2015. The increase in average loans was driven largely by growth in the commercial mortgage and residential mortgage portfolios as well as the commercial loan, construction and leasing portfolios. The commercial mortgage growth was realized in all geographical markets. The decrease in average yields on loans was attributable to repayments of higher-yielding loans, continued refinancing activity at lower rates, and new loan production at rates lower than the overall portfolio yield. 

51 

Average investment securities increased   $140.7 million  , or   6.1%  .     The yield on average investments decreased   6   basis points, or   2.4%  , to   2.45%   in 2016 from   2.51%   in 2015. The increase in average investment securities was partially offset by a   $57.4 million  , or   12.4%  , decrease in other interest-earning assets.    
  Interest expense decreased   $2.5 million  , or   3.9%  , to   $61.6 million   in the first nine months of 2016 from   $64.0 million   in the first nine months of 2015. Although total average interest-bearing liabilities increased   $522.7 million  , or   4.7%  , compared to the first nine months of 2015, the funding mix became more concentrated in lower-cost deposits and short-term borrowings. This shift and the impact of FHLB Advance refinancing activity and the impact of the redemption of TruPs funded with lower-cost subordinated debt resulted in a decrease in interest expense. 
  Average deposits, by type, are summarized in the following table: 

The   $1.0 billion  , or   9.6%  , increase in total demand and savings account balances was primarily due to a $495.1 million, or 10.1%, increase in personal account balances, a $361.7 million, or 9.4%, increase in business account balances and a $166.1 million, or 9.3%, increase in municipal account balances. While the cost of both demand and savings deposits and time deposits increased, the shift to a higher concentration of lower-cost demand and savings deposits resulted in a total cost of interest-bearing deposits of   0.30%   for both the first nine months of 2016 and 2015. 
  The following table summarizes changes in average short-term borrowings and long-term debt, by type: 
   
 (1)  Represents FHLB advances with an original maturity term of less than one year. 
    
  Average total borrowings increased   $1.5 million   during the first nine months of 2016 in comparison to the same period of 2015. The cost of borrowings, however, decreased   52   basis points, or   15.9%  , as a result of lower-cost, short-term borrowings comprising a larger percentage of total borrowings.  
    
  Total long-term debt decreased   $85.6 million  , or   8.2%  , as the result of maturing FHLB advances and the maturity of $100.0 million of subordinated debt in April 2015. In addition, in June 2015, the Corporation issued $150 million of subordinated debt at an  
  
   52 

effective rate of 4.69%. The proceeds of this issuance were used to redeem $150 million of trust preferred securities, with an effective rate of 6.52%, in July 2015. 
    
  In the third quarter of 2015, the Corporation executed two transactions to restructure its long-term FHLB advances. First, $200 million of FHLB advances, with a weighted average rate of 4.45% and a maturity date in the first quarter of 2017, were refinanced with new advances maturing from September 2019 to December 2020, at a weighted average rate of 2.95%. This transaction reduced interest expense on a quarterly basis by approximately $750,000, beginning in the fourth quarter of 2015. Second, forward agreements were executed to refinance an additional $200 million of FHLB advances when the advances mature in December 2016. These forward agreements have maturity dates from March 2021 to December 2021 and the refinancing will reduce the weighted average rate on these advances from 4.03% to 2.40% and decrease interest expense on a quarterly basis by approximately $800,000, beginning in the first quarter of 2017. 
    
  Provision for Credit Losses 
    
  The provision for credit losses was   $8.2 million   for the first nine months of 2016, an increase of   $8.7 million   in comparison to the first nine months of 2015. In the first nine months of 2015, a negative provision of   $500,000   was recorded, primarily due to an improvement in net charge-off levels, particularly among pooled impaired loans. For details related to the Corporation's allowance and provision for credit losses, see the "Financial Condition" section of Management's Discussion under the heading "Provision for Credit Losses and Allowance for Credit Losses." 
    
  Non-Interest Income 
    
  The following table presents the components of non-interest income: 

The $620,000, or 3.9%, increase in overdraft fee income during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 in comparison to the same period in 2015 consisted of a $385,000 increase in fees assessed on personal accounts and a $235,000 increase in fees assessed  
  
   53 

on commercial accounts, due to higher volumes. Cash management fees increased $647,000, or 6.5%, compared to 2015 due to higher transaction volumes and fee increases in 2016. 
  The $890,000, or 7.9%, increase in merchant fee income and the $361,000, or 4.8%, increase in debit card income were due to an increase in the volumes of transactions in comparison to 2015. The $5.5 million increase in commercial loan interest rate swap fees was due to growth in commercial loans and the attractiveness of interest rate swaps in the current rate environment. 
  Gains on sales of mortgage loans increased $1.4 million, or 13.0%, due to a 23.3% increase in pricing spreads compared to the prior year, partially offset by a $68.1 million, or 8.3%, decrease in new loan volumes. Mortgage servicing income increased $187,000, or 5.7%. A $3.0 million impairment charges on MSRs was recognized in the first nine months of 2016. See Note 6, "Mortgage Servicing Rights," in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional details regarding the impairment charge. 
  Gains on sales of investment securities decreased $7.3 million compared to the first nine months of 2015. See Note 4, "Investment Securities," in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional details. 
  Non-Interest Expense 
    
  The following table presents the components of non-interest expense:  

The $14.7 million, or 7.5%, increase in salaries and employee benefits during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 in comparison to the same period in 2015 was primarily driven by a $12.1 million, or 7.3%, increase in salaries, resulting from higher average salaries per full-time equivalent employee, normal merit increases and an increase in incentive compensation.  The average number of full-time equivalent employees increased to 3,490 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared to 3,470 for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. Benefits expenses increased $2.6 million, or 8.3%, due to an increase in health care expense, 401(k) matching expense, defined benefit plan expense, employee education and other employee benefits. 
    
  The $3.9 million, or 18.4%, decrease in other outside services in comparison to the first nine months of 2015 was due to lower expenses associated with the Corporation's BSA/AML compliance program remediation efforts, and lower costs for information technology and human resources initiatives. 
    
  The $2.0 million, or 8.0%, combined increase in data processing and software resulted from higher transaction volumes and contractual increases related to core processing systems, and amortization of capitalized software investments.  

54 

Equipment expense decreased $1.5 million, or 13.9%, primarily due to lower depreciation expense, as certain assets became fully depreciated. FDIC insurance expense decreased $874,000, or 10.2%, due to a reduction in the assessment rate beginning in the the third quarter of 2016. Other real estate owned and repossession expense decreased $762,000, or 30.4%, when compared to the first nine months of 2015 due to decreases in repossession expense, maintenance expense and insurance expense on other real estate properties. This expense category can experience volatility from period to period based on the timing of foreclosures and sales of properties and payments of expenses, such as real estate taxes. 
    
  In July 2015, the Corporation redeemed $150.0 million of TruPS. In connection with this redemption, a loss of $5.6 million was 
  recognized as a component of non-interest expense. 
    
  Other expense decreased $1.7 million, or 6.6%, due to lower state taxes and the timing of certain expense items, which can fluctuate from period to period. 
    
  Income Taxes 
    
  Income tax expense for the first nine months of 2016 was $36.4 million, a $396,000, or 1.1%, increase from $36.0 million in 2015. 
    
  The Corporation s effective tax rate was 23.4% in the first nine months of 2016, as compared to 24.5% in the first nine months of 2015. The effective tax rate is generally lower than the federal statutory rate of 35% due to tax-exempt interest income earned on loans, investments in tax-free municipal securities and credits earned from Tax Credit Investments. The decrease in the effective rate from 2015 was driven by higher net credits from these investments. 

FINANCIAL CONDITION 
    
  The table below presents condensed consolidated ending balance sheets. 

Other Interest-earning Assets 
    
  The   $136.5 million  , or   46.6%  , increase in other interest-earning assets during the first nine months of 2016 resulted from higher balances on deposit with the Federal Reserve Bank as funding provided by deposit outpaced the growth in loans and investments. 

55 

Investment Securities 
    
  The following table presents the carrying amount of investment securities: 

U.S. Government sponsored agency securities decreased   $25.0 million  , or   99.4%  , as the result of maturities. The proceeds were generally reinvested in municipal securities, which increased   $138.8 million  , or   52.8%  . These investments have a more attractive yield in the current low interest rate environment. 
    
  Collateralized mortgage obligations decreased   $169.2 million  , or   20.6%  , as the Corporation reduced its holdings in lower coupon investments due to volatility in market pricing. In addition to state and municipal securities, the proceeds were also reinvested in mortgage-backed securities, which increased   $67.7 million  , or   5.8%  . 
    
  Loans, net of Unearned Income 
    
  The following table presents ending balances of loans outstanding, net of unearned income: 

Loans, net of unearned income, increased   $552.6 million  , or   4.0%  , in comparison to December 31, 2015, with the increases realized across all of the Corporation's geographic markets. Commercial mortgage loans increased   $356.6 million  , or   6.5%  , in comparison to   December 31, 2015  , with the growth occurring primarily in the Pennsylvania ($197.3 million, or 7.1%), Maryland ($56.5 million, or 9.9%) and New Jersey ($45.4 million, or 3.2%) markets. Residential mortgage loans increased   $166.5 million  , or   12.1%  , compared to   December 31, 2015  , with the growth occurring primarily in the Maryland ($85.3 million, or 46.9%) and Virginia ($70.2 million, or 31.3%) markets as the result of new portfolio product offerings that were introduced in 2015. Construction loans increased   $61.6 million  , or   7.7%  , in comparison to   December 31, 2015  , with the growth occurring primarily in the Maryland ($24.2 million, or 38.7%),  Pennsylvania ($17.5 million, or 3.7%)  and New Jersey ($16.8 million, or 10.8%) markets. Leasing, other and overdrafts increased compared to   December 31, 2015   as a result of a $61.6 million increase in the leasing portfolio. 

56 

Construction loans include loans to commercial borrowers secured by commercial real estate, loans to commercial borrowers secured by residential real estate, and other construction loans, which represent loans to individuals secured by residential real estate. The following table presents outstanding construction loans and their delinquency rates by these class segments:  

(1) 
    Represents all accruing loans 30 days or more past due and non-accrual loans as a percentage of total loans in each class segment. 
       
  The Corporation does not have a significant concentration of credit risk with any single borrower, industry or geographical location. Approximately   $6.7 billion  , or   46.4%  , of the loan portfolio was in commercial mortgage and construction loans as of   September 30, 2016  . The Corporation's maximum total lending commitment to an individual borrowing relationship was $50.0 million as of   September 30, 2016  . In addition to its policy of limiting the maximum total lending commitment to any individual borrowing relationship to $50.0 million, the Corporation has established lower total lending limits for certain types of lending commitments, and lower total lending limits based on the Corporation's internal risk rating of an individual borrowing relationship at the time the lending commitment is approved. As of   September 30, 2016  , the Corporation had 115 individual borrowing relationships with total borrowing commitments between $20.0 million and $50.0 million. 
    
  The following table summarizes the industry concentrations within the commercial loan portfolio: 

(1)  
    Includes commercial loans to borrowers engaged in the construction industry. 
              (2)  
    Includes commercial loans to borrowers engaged in the business of: renting, leasing or managing real estate for others; selling and/or buying real estate for others; and appraising real estate. 

57 

Commercial loans and commercial mortgage loans also include shared national credits, which are participations in loans or loan commitments of at least $20.0 million that are shared by three or more banks. Below is a summary of the Corporation's outstanding purchased shared national credits: 

Total shared national credits decreased   $7.6 million  , or   3.1%  , in comparison to   December 31, 2015  . The Corporation's shared national credits are to borrowers located in its geographical markets, and are subject to normal lending activities consistent with the Corporation's underwriting policies. As of   September 30, 2016  , none of the shared national credits were past due compared to one credit totaling   $1.1 million  , or   0.4%  , of the total balance that was past due as of   December 31, 2015  . 
    
  Provision for Credit Losses and Allowance for Credit Losses 
    
  The following table presents the activity in the allowance for credit losses: 

58 

The following table presents the components of the allowance for credit losses: 

The provision for credit losses for the   three months ended     September 30, 2016   was   $4.1 million  , an increase of   $3.1 million   in comparison to the same period in   2015  . For the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016  , the provision for credit losses was   $8.2 million  , an increase of   $8.7 million   in comparison to the first nine months of 2015. The increase in the provision for credit losses was attributable to continued loan growth as overall credit metrics were stable to improving. 
  Net charge-offs increased $  3.0 million  , to   $4.1 million   for the   third   quarter of   2016  , compared to   $1.1 million   for the   third   quarter of   2015  . Gross charge-offs increased by $2.1 million and recoveries decreased by $911,000. Of the   $4.1 million   of net charge-offs recorded in the   third   quarter of   2016  , the majority were for loans originated in Pennsylvania ($1.9 million), Maryland ($1.6 million) and New Jersey ($737,000) partially offset by net recoveries in Virginia and Delaware. 
  During the first nine months of   2016  , net charge-offs decreased $  1.6 million  , or   10.0%  , to   $14.4 million   compared to   $16.0 million   for the same period of   2015  . The decrease in net charge-offs was primarily due to an increase in recoveries during the first nine months of   2016   compared to the same period in the prior year. Of the   $14.4 million   of net charge-offs recorded in the first nine months of   2016  , the majority were for loans originated in Pennsylvania ($9.8 million), New Jersey ($4.4 million) and Maryland ($601,000) partially offset by net recoveries in Virginia and Delaware. 
    
  The following table summarizes non-performing assets as of the indicated dates: 

59 

The following table presents accruing loans whose terms have been modified under troubled debt restructurings ("TDRs"), by  
  type, as of the indicated dates: 

(1) Included with non-accrual loans in the preceding table. 
    
  TDRs modified during the first   nine   months of   2016   and still outstanding as of   September 30, 2016   totaled   $10.3 million  . During the first   nine   months of   2016  ,   $6.0 million   of TDRs that were modified in the previous 12 months had a payment default, which the Corporation defines as a single missed scheduled payment, subsequent to modification. 
  The following table presents the changes in non-accrual loans for the three and   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  :   

Non-accrual loans decreased   $8.1 million  , or   6.2%  , and   $5.5 million  , or   4.3%  , in comparison to   September 30, 2015   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively. 

60 

The following table summarizes non-performing loans, by type, as of the indicated dates: 

Non-performing loans decreased   $6.9 million  , or   4.8%  , and   $6.7 million  , or   4.6%  , in comparison to   September 30, 2015   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively. The decrease in non-performing loans was realized across all loan categories except commercial, which increased    $9.3 million  , or   24.4%  , and   $3.3 million  , or   7.4%  , in comparison to   September 30, 2015   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively, and home equity which increased   $1.2 million  , or   8.8%  , in comparison to   September 30, 2015  . 
    
  The following table summarizes the Corporation s OREO, by property type, as of the indicated dates: 

The ability to identify potential problem loans in a timely manner is important to maintaining an adequate allowance for credit losses. For commercial loans, commercial mortgages and construction loans to commercial borrowers, an internal risk rating process is used to monitor credit quality. The evaluation of credit risk for residential mortgages, home equity loans, construction loans to individuals, consumer loans and lease receivables is based on payment history, through the monitoring of delinquency levels and trends. For a description of the Corporation's risk ratings, see Note 5, "Loans and Allowance for Credit Losses," in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

61 

Total internally risk rated loans were   $10.6 billion   and   $10.3 billion   as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively. The following table presents internal risk ratings for commercial loans, commercial mortgages and construction loans to commercial borrowers with internal risk ratings of Special Mention (considered criticized loans) or Substandard or lower (considered classified loans), by class segment: 

The following table summarizes loan delinquency rates, by type, as of the dates indicated: 

(1) 
    Includes non-accrual loans. 
     Management believes that the allowance for credit losses of   $165.2 million   as of   September 30, 2016   is sufficient to cover incurred losses in the loan portfolio and unfunded lending commitments as of that date and is appropriate based on applicable accounting standards. 
  Other Assets and Other Liabilities 
    
  The   $68.6 million  , or   11.6%  , increase in other assets and the   $96.5 million  , or   32.9%  , increase in other liabilities were primarily driven by higher fair values for derivative financial instruments, mainly commercial loan interest rate swaps. See Note 9, "Derivative Financial Instruments," in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional details. 

62 

Deposits and Borrowings 
  The following table presents ending deposits, by type: 

Noninterest-bearing demand deposits increased   $262.0 million  , or   6.6%  , primarily as a result of increases in business account balances of $234.9 million, or 7.9%, and municipal account balances of $27.0 million, or 29.4%, due to seasonality. 
    
  The   $367.0 million  , or   9.5%  , increase in savings account balances was due to a $298.9 million, or 12.0%, increase in personal account balances, a $37.9 million, or 6.6%, increase in municipal account balances due to seasonality, and a $30.2 million, or 6.6%, increase in business account balances. Interest-bearing demand accounts increased   $251.8 million  , or   7.3%  , primarily due to a $294.4 million, or 23.2%, seasonal increase in municipal account balances. 
    
  The following table summarizes the changes in ending borrowings, by type: 

(1) Represents FHLB advances with an original maturity term of less than one year. 
    
  The   $233.6 million  , or   46.9%  , decrease in total short-term borrowings resulted from deposit growth exceeding loan growth during the first nine months of 2016. 
    
  Shareholders' Equity 
    
  Total shareholders  equity increased   $87.5 million  , or   4.3%  , during the first   nine   months of   2016  . The increase was due primarily to   $119.5 million   of net income and a   $26.5 million   increase in other comprehensive income, partially offset by   $50.2 million   of common stock dividends and   $18.5 million   in treasury stock purchases. 

63 

Regulatory Capital 
    
  The Corporation and its subsidiary banks are subject to regulatory capital requirements administered by various banking regulators. Failure to meet minimum capital requirements could result in certain actions by regulators that could have a material effect on the Corporation s financial statements. In July 2013, the Federal Reserve Board approved final rules (the "U.S. Basel III Capital Rules") establishing a new comprehensive capital framework for U.S. banking organizations and implementing the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision's December 2010 framework for strengthening international capital standards. The U.S. Basel III Capital Rules substantially revise the risk-based capital requirements applicable to bank holding companies and depository institutions.  
    
  The new minimum regulatory capital requirements established by the U.S. Basel III Capital Rules became effective for the Corporation on January 1, 2015, and will be fully phased in on January 1, 2019.  
    
  The U.S. Basel III Capital Rules require the Corporation and its bank subsidiaries to:  
             
    Meet a new minimum Common Equity Tier 1 capital ratio of 4.50% of risk-weighted assets and a Tier 1 capital ratio of 6.00% of risk-weighted assets;  
                
    Continue to require the current minimum Total capital ratio of 8.00% of risk-weighted assets and the minimum Tier 1 leverage capital ratio of 4.00% of average assets; and 
                
    Comply with a revised definition of capital to improve the ability of regulatory capital instruments to absorb losses. Certain non-qualifying capital instruments, including cumulative preferred stock and TruPS, are being phased out as a component of Tier 1 capital for institutions of the Corporation's size. 
     When fully phased in on January 1, 2019, the Corporation and its bank subsidiaries will also be required to maintain a "capital conservation buffer" of 2.50% above the minimum risk-based capital requirements, which must be maintained to avoid restrictions on capital distributions and certain discretionary bonus payments. 
    
  The U.S. Basel III Capital Rules use a standardized approach for risk weightings that expands the risk-weightings for assets and off-balance sheet exposures from the previous 0%, 20%, 50% and 100% categories to a much larger and more risk-sensitive number of categories, depending on the nature of the assets and off-balance sheet exposures and resulting in higher risk weights for a variety of asset categories.  
    
  As of   September 30, 2016  , the Corporation and each of its bank subsidiaries met the minimum requirements of the U.S. Basel III Capital Rules, and each of the Corporation s bank subsidiaries  capital ratios exceeded the amounts required to be considered "well capitalized" as defined in the regulations. As of   September 30, 2016  , the Corporation's capital levels also met the fully-phased in minimum capital requirements, including the capital conservation buffers, as prescribed in the U.S. Basel III Capital Rules. 
    
  The following table summarizes the Corporation s capital ratios in comparison to regulatory requirements: 

64 

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
    
  Market risk is the exposure to economic loss that arises from changes in the values of certain financial instruments. The types of market risk exposures generally faced by financial institutions include interest rate risk, equity market price risk, debt security market price risk, foreign currency price risk and commodity price risk. Due to the nature of its operations, foreign currency price risk and commodity price risk are not significant to the Corporation. 
    
  Interest Rate Risk, Asset/Liability Management and Liquidity 
    
  Interest rate risk creates exposure in two primary areas. First, changes in rates have an impact on the Corporation s liquidity position and could affect its ability to meet obligations and continue to grow. Second, movements in interest rates can create fluctuations in the Corporation s net interest income and changes in the economic value of its equity. 
    
  The Corporation employs various management techniques to minimize its exposure to interest rate risk. An Asset/Liability Management Committee (ALCO) is responsible for reviewing the interest rate sensitivity and liquidity positions of the Corporation, approving asset and liability management policies, and overseeing the formulation and implementation of strategies regarding balance sheet positions.  
    
  The Corporation uses two complementary methods to measure and manage interest rate risk. They are simulation of net interest income and estimates of economic value of equity. Using these measurements in tandem provides a reasonably comprehensive summary of the magnitude of the Corporation's interest rate risk, level of risk as time evolves, and exposure to changes in interest rates. 
    
  Simulation of net interest income is performed for the next 12-month period. A variety of interest rate scenarios are used to measure the effects of sudden and gradual movements upward and downward in the yield curve. These results are compared to the results obtained in a flat or unchanged interest rate scenario. Simulation of net interest income is used primarily to measure the Corporation s short-term earnings exposure to rate movements. The Corporation s policy limits the potential exposure of net interest income, in a non-parallel instantaneous shock, to 10% of the base case net interest income for a 100 basis point shock in interest rates, 15% for a 200 basis point shock and 20% for a 300 basis point shock. A "shock" is an immediate upward or downward movement of interest rates. The shocks do not take into account changes in customer behavior that could result in changes to mix and/or volumes in the balance sheet, nor do they take into account the potential effects of competition on the pricing of deposits and loans over the forward 12-month period. 
    
  Contractual maturities and repricing opportunities of loans are incorporated in the simulation model as are prepayment assumptions, maturity data and call options in the investment portfolio. Assumptions based on past experience are incorporated into the model for non-maturity deposit accounts. The assumptions used are inherently uncertain and, as a result, the model cannot precisely measure future net interest income or precisely predict the impact of fluctuations in market interest rates on net interest income. Actual results will differ from the model's simulated results due to timing, amount and frequency of interest rate changes as well as changes in market conditions and the application and timing of various management strategies. 
    
  The following table summarizes the expected impact of abrupt interest rate changes on net interest income as of   September 30, 2016   (due to the current level of interest rates, the 200 and 300 basis point downward shock scenarios are not shown): 

(1) 
    These results include the effect of implicit and explicit interest rate floors that limit further reduction in interest rates. 
       
  Economic value of equity estimates the discounted present value of asset and liability cash flows. Discount rates are based upon market prices for like assets and liabilities. Abrupt changes or "shocks" in interest rates, both upward and downward, are used to determine the comparative effect of such interest rate movements relative to the unchanged environment. This measurement tool is used primarily to evaluate the longer-term repricing risks and options in the Corporation s balance sheet. The Corporation's policy limits the economic value of equity that may be at risk, in a non-parallel instantaneous shock, to 10% of the base case economic value of equity for a 100 basis point shock in interest rates, 20% for a 200 basis point shock and 30% for a 300 basis  
  
   65 

point shock. As of   September 30, 2016  , the Corporation was within economic value of equity policy limits for every 100 basis point shock. 
    
  Interest Rate Swaps 
    
  The Corporation enters into interest rate swaps with certain qualifying commercial loan customers to meet their interest rate risk management needs. The Corporation simultaneously enters into interest rate swaps with dealer counterparties, with identical notional amounts and terms. The net result of these interest rate swaps is that the customer pays a fixed rate of interest and the Corporation receives a floating rate. These interest rate swaps are derivative financial instruments that are recorded at their fair value in other assets and liabilities on the consolidated balance sheets. Changes in fair value during the period are recorded in other non-interest expense on the consolidated statements of income. 
    
  Liquidity 
    
  The Corporation must maintain a sufficient level of liquid assets to meet the cash needs of its customers, who, as depositors, may want to withdraw funds or who, as borrowers, need credit availability. Liquidity is provided on a continuous basis through scheduled and unscheduled principal and interest payments on investments and outstanding loans and through the availability of deposits and borrowings. The Corporation also maintains secondary sources that provide liquidity on a secured and unsecured basis to meet short-term and long-term needs. In addition, the Corporation has filed a shelf registration statement with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) under which the Corporation may, from time to time, offer various types of debt and equity securities. 
    
  The Corporation maintains liquidity sources in the form of demand and savings deposits, time deposits, repurchase agreements and short-term promissory notes. The Corporation can access additional liquidity from these sources, if necessary, by increasing the rates of interest paid on those accounts and borrowings. The positive impact to liquidity resulting from paying higher interest rates could have a detrimental impact on the net interest margin and net income if rates on interest-earning assets do not experience a proportionate increase. Borrowing availability with the Federal Home Loan Bank and the Federal Reserve Bank, along with federal funds lines at various correspondent banks, provides the Corporation with additional liquidity. 
    
  Each of the Corporation s subsidiary banks is a member of the FHLB and has access to FHLB overnight and term credit facilities. As of   September 30, 2016  , the Corporation had $603.3 million of advances outstanding from the FHLB with an additional borrowing capacity of approximately $2.6 billion under these facilities. Advances from the FHLB are secured by qualifying commercial real estate and residential mortgage loans, investments and other assets. 
    
  As of   September 30, 2016  , the Corporation had aggregate availability under federal funds lines of $1.1 billion with $8.4 million borrowed against that amount. A combination of commercial real estate loans, commercial loans and securities are pledged to the Federal Reserve Bank of Philadelphia to provide access to Federal Reserve Bank Discount Window borrowings. As of   September 30, 2016  , the Corporation had $1.3 billion of collateralized borrowing availability at the Discount Window, and no outstanding borrowings.  
    
  Liquidity must also be managed at the Fulton Financial Corporation parent company level. For safety and soundness reasons, banking regulations limit the amount of cash that can be transferred from subsidiary banks to the parent company in the form of loans and dividends. Generally, these limitations are based on the subsidiary banks  regulatory capital levels and their net income. Management continues to monitor the liquidity and capital needs of the parent company and will implement appropriate strategies, as necessary, to remain adequately capitalized and to meet its cash needs. 
    
  The Corporation s sources and uses of funds were discussed in general terms in the net interest income section of Management s Discussion and Analysis. The consolidated statements of cash flows provide additional information. The Corporation s operating activities during the first   nine   months of 2016 generated   $143.8 million   of cash, mainly due to net income. Cash used in investing activities was   $698.8 million  , mainly due to net increases in loans and short-term investments. Net cash provided by financing activities was   $540.3 million   due mainly to increases in deposits, partially offset by a decrease in short-term borrowings and cash dividends. 
    
  Equity Market Price Risk 
    
  Equity market price risk is the risk that changes in the values of equity investments could have a material impact on the financial position or results of operations of the Corporation. As of   September 30, 2016  , equity investments consisted of   $21.6 million   of common stocks of publicly traded financial institutions and   $901,000   of other equity investments.  

66 

The equity investments most susceptible to equity market price risk are the financial institutions stocks, which had a cost basis of approximately   $13.4 million   and a fair value of   $21.6 million   at   September 30, 2016  , including an investment in a single financial institution with a cost basis of   $7.4 million   and a fair value of   $11.4 million  . The fair value of this investment accounted for   52.7%   of the fair value of the common stocks of publicly traded financial institutions. No other investment in a single financial institution in the financial institutions stock portfolio exceeded   10%   of the portfolio's fair value. In total, net unrealized gains in this portfolio were approximately $8.3 million as of   September 30, 2016  . 
    
  Management continuously monitors the fair value of its equity investments and evaluates current market conditions and operating results of the issuers. Periodic sale and purchase decisions are made based on this monitoring process. None of the Corporation s equity securities are classified as trading. 
    
  In addition to its equity portfolio, investment management and trust services income may be impacted by fluctuations in the equity markets. A portion of this revenue is based on the value of the underlying investment portfolios, many of which include equity investments. If the values of those investment portfolios decrease, whether due to factors influencing U.S. or international securities markets in general or otherwise, the Corporation s revenue would be negatively impacted. In addition, the Corporation s ability to sell its brokerage services in the future will be dependent, in part, upon consumers  level of confidence in financial markets. 
    
  Debt Security Market Price Risk 
    
  Debt security market price risk is the risk that changes in the values of debt securities, unrelated to interest rate changes, could have a material impact on the financial position or results of operations of the Corporation. The Corporation s debt security investments consist primarily of U.S. government sponsored agency issued mortgage-backed securities and collateralized mortgage obligations, state and municipal securities, U.S. government debt securities, auction rate securities and corporate debt securities. All of the Corporation's investments in mortgage-backed securities and collateralized mortgage obligations have principal payments that are guaranteed by U.S. government sponsored agencies. 
    
  State and Municipal Securities 
    
  As of   September 30, 2016  , the Corporation owned   $401.6 million   of municipal securities issued by various municipalities. Downward pressure on local tax revenues of issuers due to adverse economic conditions could have an adverse impact on the underlying credit quality of issuers. The Corporation evaluates existing and potential holdings primarily based on the creditworthiness of the issuing municipality and then, to a lesser extent, on any underlying credit enhancement. Municipal securities can be supported by the general obligation of the issuing municipality, allowing the securities to be repaid by any means available to the issuing municipality. As of   September 30, 2016  , approximately 98% of municipal securities were supported by the general obligation of corresponding municipalities. Approximately 62% of these securities were school district issuances, which are also supported by the states of the issuing municipalities. 
    
  Auction Rate Securities 
    
  As of   September 30, 2016  , the Corporation s investments in student loan auction rate certificates (ARC), a type of auction rate securities, had a cost basis of   $107.1 million   and a fair value of   $97.7 million  . 
    
  ARCs are long-term securities that were structured to allow their sale in periodic auctions, resulting in both the treatment of ARCs as short-term instruments in normal market conditions and fair values that could be derived based on periodic auction prices. However, beginning in 2008, market auctions for these securities began to fail due to an insufficient number of buyers, resulting in an illiquid market. Therefore, as of   September 30, 2016  , the fair values of the ARCs currently in the portfolio were derived using significant unobservable inputs based on an expected cash flows model which produced fair values that were materially different from those that would be expected from settlement of these investments in the current market. The expected cash flows model produced fair values which assumed a return to market liquidity sometime in the next five years. The Corporation believes that the trusts underlying the ARCs will self-liquidate as student loans are repaid. 
    
  The credit quality of the underlying debt associated with the ARCs is also a factor in the determination of their estimated fair value. As of   September 30, 2016  , all of the ARCs were rated above investment grade. All of the loans underlying the ARCs have principal payments that are guaranteed by the federal government. At   September 30, 2016  , all ARCs were current and making scheduled interest payments. 

67 

Corporate Debt Securities 
    
  The Corporation holds corporate debt securities in the form of pooled trust preferred securities, single-issuer trust preferred securities, subordinated debt issued by financial institutions and senior debt. As of   September 30, 2016  , these securities had an amortized cost of   $109.5 million   and an estimated fair value of   $107.2 million  .  
    
  See "Note 4 - Investment Securities," in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for further discussion related to the Corporation s other-than-temporary impairment evaluations for debt securities, and see "Note 11 - Fair Value Measurements," in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for further discussion related to the fair values of debt securities. 

68 

Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
    
  The Corporation carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of the Corporation s management, including the Corporation s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of the Corporation s disclosure controls and procedures pursuant to Rule 13a-15, promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the "Exchange Act"). Based upon that evaluation, the Corporation s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that, as of the end of the period covered by this quarterly report, the Corporation s disclosure controls and procedures are effective. Disclosure controls and procedures are controls and procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in Corporation reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission s rules and forms. 
    
  There have been no changes in the Corporation s internal control over financial reporting during the fiscal quarter covered by this quarterly report that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Corporation s internal control over financial reporting. 

69 

PART II   OTHER INFORMATION 

Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
    
  The information presented in the "Legal Proceedings" section of Note 10 "Commitment and Contingencies" of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements is incorporated herein by reference.  

Item 1A. Risk Factors 
    
  There have been no material changes to the risk factors previously disclosed in Part I, Item 1A of the Corporation s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015   and in Part II, Item 1A of the Corporation's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2016. 

70 

Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
    
  The following table presents the Corporation's monthly repurchases of its common stock during the   third   quarter of   2016  :  

In October, 2015, the Corporation announced that its board of directors had approved a share repurchase program pursuant to which the Corporation is authorized to repurchase up to $50.0 million of its outstanding shares of common stock, or approximately 2.3% of its outstanding shares, through December 31, 2016. Repurchased shares may be added to treasury stock, at cost. As permitted by securities laws and other legal requirements and subject to market conditions and other factors, purchases may be made from time to time in open market or privately negotiated transactions, including without limitation, through accelerated share repurchase transactions. The share repurchase program may be discontinued at any time. During 2016,   1.5 million   shares have been repurchased under this program for a total cost of   $18.5 million  , or   $12.48   per share. 
    
  No stock repurchases were made outside the program and all repurchases were made in accordance with the guidelines of Rule 10b-18 and in compliance with Regulation M. 

Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
  Not applicable. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
  Not applicable. 

Item 5. Other Information 
  Not applicable. 

Item 6. Exhibits 
  See Exhibit Index for a list of the exhibits required by Item 601 of Regulation S-K and filed as part of this report. 
  
   71 

FULTON FINANCIAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  SIGNATURES 
  Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 
    
                       FULTON FINANCIAL CORPORATION 

Date: 
      
    November 4, 2016 
      
    /s/ E. Philip Wenger 

E. Philip Wenger 

Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President 

Date: 
      
    November 4, 2016 
      
    /s/ Patrick S. Barrett 

Patrick S. Barrett 

Senior Executive Vice President and 

Chief Financial Officer 

72 

EXHIBIT INDEX 
  Exhibits Required Pursuant 
  to Item 601 of Regulation S-K 

3.1 
       
    Articles of Incorporation, as amended and restated, of Fulton Financial Corporation  Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Fulton Financial Corporation Current Report on Form 8-K dated June 24, 2011. 

3.2 
       
    Bylaws of Fulton Financial Corporation as amended   Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Fulton Financial Corporation Current Report on an Amended Form 8-K dated September 23, 2014. 

10.1 
      
    Agreement between Fulton Financial Corporation and Fiserv Solutions, Inc. dated July 11, 2016. Portions of this exhibit have been redacted and are subject to a confidential treatment request filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to Rule 24b-2 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. The redacted material was filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 

31.1 
       
    Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

31.2 
       
    Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32.1 
       
    Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32.2 
       
    Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

101 
      
    Financial statements from the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Fulton Financial Corporation for the period ended September 30, 2016, filed on November 4, 2016, formatted in XBRL: (i) the Consolidated Balance Sheets, (ii) the Consolidated Statements of Income, (iii) the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (iv) the Consolidated Statements of Shareholders' Equity, (v) the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows and (vi) the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - filed herewith. 

73 

<EX-10.1>
 2
 fult93016-exhibit101.htm
 AGREEMENT BETWEEN FULTON FINANCIAL CORPORATION AND FISERV SOLUTIONS, INC

Exhibit 

[CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED FOR PORTIONS OF THIS DOCUMENT. PORTIONS FOR WHICH CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT IS REQUESTED ARE DENOTED BY [CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED]. MATERIAL OMITTED HAS BEEN FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION.] 

MASTER AGREEMENT 
    
  MASTER AGREEMENT (   Agreement   ) dated as of July 11, 2016 (   Effective Date   ) between Fiserv Solutions, LLC., a Wisconsin limited liability company with offices located at 600 Colonial Center Parkway, Lake Mary, FL  32746 (   Fiserv   ), and Fulton Financial Corporation a Pennsylvania corporation with offices located at One Penn Square, Lancaster, PA  17602 (   Client   ). 

WHEREAS, Client and Fiserv Solutions, Inc. entered into an Agreement dated June 23, 2011, as subsequently amended, inclusive of all associated schedules, exhibits, appendices or attachments (   Prior Agreement      
    
  WHEREAS, Client and Fiserv agree that, as of the Effective Date, the terms and conditions of this Agreement hereby replace in their entirety the terms and conditions of the Prior Agreement, including for clarity, any and all amendments, schedules, exhibits and attachments;  
    
  NOW THEREFORE, in receipt of good and valuable consideration, the sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, Fiserv and Client hereby agree as follows: 
    
  1.  Deliverables  .   
  (a)  General  .  Fiserv, itself and through its Affiliates (as defined herein), agrees to provide to Client and Client Affiliates, Client and Client Affiliates agree to obtain from Fiserv, the services (   Services   ) and products (   Products    and, collectively with the Services,    Deliverables   ) described in the Exhibits attached to this Agreement (   Exhibits   ), subject to the terms, restrictions and obligations set forth in this Agreement and in the applicable Exhibit.  References to an  Exhibit  shall include any Schedules (   Schedules   ) attached to that Exhibit.  The parties may add Deliverables to this Agreement by signing an appropriate new Exhibit or Schedule to this Agreement, as applicable. Each Exhibit will be deemed to incorporate all of the terms of this Agreement. Exhibits and Schedules attached as of the Effective Date are listed below. For purposes of this Agreement,    Affiliate    means an entity that controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with a party, where    control    means the possession, direct or indirect, of the power to cause the direction of the management and policies of an entity, whether through ownership of voting securities, by contract or otherwise.  For the avoidance of doubt, Client and Fiserv shall each be primarily responsible for acts or omissions of its own Affiliates, including compliance with the provisions of this Agreement.  As of the Effective Date, for purposes of this Agreement, the following Client Affiliates are recipients of the Deliverables hereunder unless otherwise identified in a particular Exhibit: Fulton Bank, N.A., Lafayette Ambassador Bank, Swineford National Bank, FNB Bank, N.A., Fulton Bank of New Jersey, and The Columbia Bank. 
           (i) 
    ACCEL Network Membership Exhibit 
              (ii) 
    ASP (Application Service Provider) Services Exhibit 
              (A) 
    Account Processing Services Schedule 
              (B) 
    ACH Services Schedule 
              (C) 
    ARP/SMS Services Schedule 
              (D) 
    [CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED] Services Schedule 
              (E) 
    CashEdge Services Schedule 
              (F) 
    [CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED] Services Schedule (includes [CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED]) 
              (G) 
    EFT Solution Services Schedule 
              (H) 
    Investment Services AdvisorVision Schedule 
              (I) 
    Lending Solutions Services Schedule 
              (J) 
    LoanComplete Services Schedule  
                
    Attachment A to LoanComplete Services Schedule 
                
    Appendix 1 to Attachment A 
                
    Attachment B to LoanComplete Services Schedule 
              (K) 
    Network Support Services Schedule 
              (L) 
    Secure Lending Services Schedule 
              (M) 
    Third Party Direct Electronic Payment Services Schedule 
              (N) 
    Weiland Financial Group Services Schedule 
              (O) 
    Xroads for Signature Services Schedule 

[CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED FOR PORTIONS OF THIS DOCUMENT. PORTIONS FOR WHICH CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT IS REQUESTED ARE DENOTED BY [CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED]. MATERIAL OMITTED HAS BEEN FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION.] 

(iii) 
    Software Products Exhibit 
              (A) 
    Signature Software Schedule 
              (B) 
    EnAct Software Schedule 
              (C) 
    Enterprise Content Management Software Schedule 
              (D) 
    InformEnt Software Schedule 
              (E) 
    Loan Origination Software Schedule 
              (F) 
    [CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED] Solutions Software Schedule  
              (iv) 
    Professional and Development Services Exhibit 
              (G) 
    DocPlus Managed Services Schedule 
              (H) 
    EnAct Implementation Services Schedule 
              (I) 
    Revenue Performance Monitor Subscription Service Schedule 
              (J) 
    Signature Development Services Schedule 
              (K) 
    Conversion Services Schedule for Collapse of Existing Bank Charters 
              (L) 
    Future Conversion Services Schedule 
              (v) 
    Equipment Exhibit 
              (M) 
    Convergys Solution Schedule 
              (vi) 
    Consulting Services Exhibit 
              (vii) 
    Performance Standard Exhibit 
       
  (b)  Professional Services  .  Services: (i) to convert Client s existing applicable data and/or information to the Deliverables, and/or (ii) to implement the Deliverables (collectively,    Implementation Services   ) will be provided by Fiserv to the extent applicable to the Deliverables, for the Fees (as defined below), as set forth in the Schedules to the ASP Exhibit, Software Products Exhibit, or Professional and Development Services Exhibit to this Agreement.  Client agrees to provide all reasonably necessary cooperation, information and assistance in connection with any Professional Services provided under this Agreement, including Implementation Services to facilitate conversion and/or implementation.   
  (c)  Training Services  .  To the extent applicable to the Deliverables, Fiserv shall provide training, training aids, user manuals, and other documentation for Client s use as Fiserv finds necessary to enable Client personnel to become familiar with Deliverables, for the Fees, if any, set forth in the Schedules to the ASP Exhibit, Software Products Exhibit, or Professional and Development Services Exhibit to this Agreement.  If requested by Client, classroom training in the use and operation of Deliverables will be provided at a training facility mutually agreed upon by Fiserv and Client.   
  (d)  Third Parties  .  Subject to the provisions of Section 3 of this Agreement, upon Fiserv s receipt of Client s request, Client and Fiserv will use commercially reasonable efforts to work together to mutually agree in writing to the scope of any necessary P D Services (as defined below) and/or maintenance of Client requested integration to third party solutions on a time and materials basis at Current Rates 
  (e)  Access to Client Location or Environments  . To the extent applicable to the Deliverables, Client is responsible for providing Fiserv remote access to Client s environments for the provision of Deliverables.  While assigned to provide Deliverables at a Client location either via remote access or otherwise visiting Client s facilities, Fiserv employees will: (i) comply with Client s reasonable safety and security procedures and other reasonable Client rules applicable to Client personnel at those facilities (ii) comply with all reasonable requests of Client personnel, as applicable, pertaining to personal and professional conduct provided and to the extent such procedures and rules are (i) provided to Fiserv in writing and reasonably in advance of Fiserv personnel s arrival at or required access to Client s facility or environments, (ii) all such requirements are reasonable in nature and do not conflict with Fiserv s policies and practices, and (iii) Client shall reimburse any costs incurred by Fiserv in complying with such Client requirements.   
  (f)  Affiliate Use  .  When an Affiliate of Client is authorized to use a Deliverable, or is otherwise a party to an Exhibit or any Schedules to that Exhibit, then for the purposes of those Deliverables and that Exhibit or Schedule, references to    Client    in this Agreement will be deemed to include the applicable Client Affiliate, and Client shall ensure Client Affiliate s compliance with all applicable terms of this Agreement. 
  (g)  Authorized Users  .  References to the    use    of any Deliverable by Client or an authorized Client Affiliate shall also include use by those customers, employees or agents of Client or the Client Affiliate to whom Client is authorized to provide access to the  

[CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED FOR PORTIONS OF THIS DOCUMENT. PORTIONS FOR WHICH CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT IS REQUESTED ARE DENOTED BY [CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED]. MATERIAL OMITTED HAS BEEN FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION.] 

given Deliverable (   Authorized Users    provided that: (i) Client agrees to execute an agreement with its Authorized Users or otherwise subject such Authorized User to a written obligation or such Authorized User is subject to a professional obligation of confidentiality sufficient to require compliance with the terms of the Agreement relevant to the given Deliverable and otherwise sufficient to enable Client to comply with its representations, warranties and obligations under the Agreement and any relevant Exhibit or Schedule; (ii) Client shall remain responsible for its Authorized Users  compliance with such terms and obligations; and (iii) Client shall complete all security and profile procedures and set up for its Authorized Users (and prospective Authorized Users) required by Fiserv.   
  (h)  Notwithstanding the foregoing, Authorized Users may not sublicense, sell, rent, lease, give, transfer, assign, convey, or otherwise dispose of the access to or use of the Deliverables except as expressly provided otherwise in this Agreement.  For clarity, this restriction shall not apply to a change in the authorized party identified on the account of Client s customer.   
    
  (i)  Regulatory Requirements  .  Client shall comply with all regulatory requirements as applicable to Client s receipt of the Deliverables and as required by regulatory authorities having jurisdiction over Client.   
    
  (j)  Client Insurance  .  Client shall (i) obtain and maintain at Client s own expense appropriate casualty and business interruption insurance coverage for loss of records from fire, disaster, or other peril as would reasonably be expected to be insured under a property-related insurance policy; and (ii) obtain and maintain at its own expense any appropriate crime or fidelity bond insurance coverage for loss of or damage to money, securities, and other property sustained by Client, or for which Client holds for others, as would reasonably be expected to be insured under a related insurance policy.  Client shall be responsible for: (a) appropriate property insurance covering all Equipment at full replacement value, whether Client-owned or Fiserv-owned, within Client s premises; and (b) commercial general liability insurance with combined limits of $1,000,000.00 per occurrence per location with $2,000,000.00 general aggregate coverage for bodily injury and property damage. 
    
  (k)  Fiserv Insurance  .  Fiserv carries the following types of insurance policies: 
           (i) 
    Commercial General Liability in an amount not less than $1 million per occurrence and $2 million general aggregate for claims arising out of bodily injury and property damage; 
              (ii) 
    Commercial Crime covering employee dishonesty     and computer fraud in an amount not less than $5 million; 
              (iii) 
    All-risk property coverage including extra expense and business income coverage; and 
              (iv) 
    Workers Compensation as mandated or allowed by the laws of the state in which the Services are being performed, including $1 million coverage for employer s liability. 
              (v) 
    Professional Liability and/or Technology Errors and Omissions Liability covering acts, errors and omissions arising out of Fiserv s performance or failure to perform its services under this Agreement, including but not limited to network security and privacy liability coverage, with limits of $10,000,000 per occurrence and in the aggregate.  Subject to policy limitations and terms, Fiserv represents and warrants that this policy is intended to provide catastrophic coverage for Fiserv s technology products and services, including, subject to terms and limitations, losses resulting from: (a) technology and other professional services and products; (b) media content; (c) network security and privacy breaches; and (d) privacy related regulatory actions.  
     Within 30 days following the Effective Date and upon written request by Client not more than once per calendar year thereafter, Fiserv agrees to furnish to Client a standard ACORD Certificate of Insurance fully executed by an authorized representative of the insurance company or companies rated A-VIII or higher by A. M. Best Company and demonstrating Fiserv s maintenance of insurance policy or policies required by this paragraph.  The certificate must state that Client is an additional insured under the Commercial General Liability insurance policy, which must include a contractual liability endorsement to cover Fiserv s obligations under this Agreement.  Coverage must be on an occurrence rather than a claims-made basis. Such policy shall (1) not contain a cross-liability exclusion or exclusion for punitive or exemplary damages when insurable under law and (2) require its insurer to waive all rights of subrogation against Client s insurers. 
  (a)  Parties to the Agreement  .  References to a    party    or the    parties    means Fiserv, Client and their respective Affiliates, if applicable.  Any other person or entity is considered a    Third Party   . 
  2.  Fees for Deliverables  . 
  (a)        General  .  Client agrees to pay Fiserv: (i) fees for Deliverables (including subscription fees, per unit or transaction fees, estimated fees for the following month as described in this Agreement), including as specified in the Exhibits or associated Schedules, (ii) out-of-pocket and other additional charges pursuant to Section 2.(c), (iii) License Fees, (iv) Maintenance Fees, (vi) Professional Services Fees, (collectively  Fees ) and (vii) Taxes as defined in Section 2.(d). Fees may be increased as set forth in the Exhibits or as described in Section 2.(m) below.  If no Professional Services Fees are set forth for any Professional and Development Services (   P D Services   ), such P D Services shall be at Fiserv s Current Rates.     Current Rates    collectively means Fiserv s then current hourly or daily Professional Service Rates (as defined in the Software Products Exhibit), as further described in Section 2.(i) below, as applicable, plus any materials fees and any Additional Charges as set forth in Section 2.(c). 

[CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED FOR PORTIONS OF THIS DOCUMENT. PORTIONS FOR WHICH CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT IS REQUESTED ARE DENOTED BY [CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED]. MATERIAL OMITTED HAS BEEN FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION.] 

(b)        Fiserv shall timely reconcile Fees paid by Client for the Services for the month and the fees and charges actually due Fiserv based on the greater of the minimum monthly fees or Client s actual use of the Services for such month.  Fiserv shall either issue a credit to Client or provide Client with an invoice for any additional fees or other charges owed.   
  (c)        Additional Charges  .  Client shall pay travel and living expenses and other out-of-pocket expenses reasonably incurred by Fiserv in connection with the Deliverables whether or not set forth in a Schedule.  As applicable, such out-of-pocket expenses shall be incurred in accordance with Fiserv s then-current corporate travel and expense policy, which shall be provided by Fiserv to Client upon request.  If an out-of-pocket expense is listed in an Exhibit, such expense may be changed to reflect charges issued by the applicable third party vendor. 
  (d)        Taxes  .  Client is responsible for the payment of all sales, use, excise, value added, withholdings and other taxes and duties however designated that are levied by any taxing authority relating to the Deliverables, excluding taxes based on Fiserv s net income (   Taxes   ).  All Fees or any other charges under any Exhibit are exclusive of Taxes.  Client shall reimburse Fiserv for those Taxes that Fiserv is required to remit on behalf of Client. 
  (e)        Payment Terms  .  All invoices shall be sent electronically on or before the 15   th    day of the current month to such address or person as designated by Client from time to time. Fiserv shall provide Client with documentation and appropriate detail supporting the amounts invoiced, including volumes, transmissions, transactions or other volume related detail needed by Client to validate the invoices provided by Fiserv hereunder on a monthly basis.  Invoices are due and payable upon Client s receipt of such invoice but in any event not later than the 30   th    day of the month.  Client shall pay Fiserv through the Automated Clearing House (   ACH   ) unless otherwise set forth in the Exhibits or otherwise mutually agreed between the parties. [CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED] Client shall neither make nor assert any right of deduction or set-off from amounts invoiced except by application of Fiserv issued credit against such invoice.   Fiserv s failure to send an invoice shall not relieve Client of its obligation to pay any amounts due and owing, provided however, Client shall not be obligated to pay invoices which are received more than [CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED] after the last day work was performed with respect to the fees in such invoice and Client shall not dispute invoice amounts more than [CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED] after the invoice date.    
  (f)        License Fee Payment Timetable  .  For each module of Software licensed hereunder, Client shall pay License Fees as follows: 
           (i) 
    [CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED] of License Fees upon Agreement execution or Schedule adoption; 
              (ii) 
    [CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED] of License Fees upon loading the applicable Software on Client s hardware, but in any event, not later than [CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED] following the date for delivery of the applicable Software to Client by Fiserv as set forth in the Project Plan (as defined in the Professional and Development Services Exhibit) unless such delay is caused by Fiserv;  
              (iii) 
     [CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED] of License Fees upon   Go Live  , but in any event, [CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED] following delivery of the applicable Software.     Go Live    shall mean the date of Client s first use of the applicable Software in a production environment ( Go Live ). 
     (g)        Maintenance Fee Payment Timetable  .  Maintenance Fees shall be payable annually in advance [CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED].  For Clarity, for any Software that Client previously licensed from Fiserv, Client shall continue to pay the annual maintenance Fee under this Agreement which shall be prorated to December 31   st    of the current year.  Thereafter, Client shall pay the annual Maintenance Fee annually in advance for each 12 month period January 1 to December 31 (   Maintenance Period   ).  For the avoidance of doubt, Client shall not be obligated to pay the Maintenance Fees for the same period for the same Software under this Agreement and under the Prior Agreement.   
  (h)        Professional Services Fees  . Client shall pay Fiserv Fees for each Project as set forth in each Schedule to the Professional and Development Services Exhibit (   Professional Services Fees   ).  Any estimates of Professional Services Fees and completion dates are referenced solely for the purpose of allowing Client to plan its budgets and schedules based upon information available at the time the Schedule is executed.  Daily or hourly rates quoted in a Schedule, if any, will be valid for 3 months from the effective date of such Schedule.  Thereafter, they will be subject to change by Fiserv on 30 days  prior written notice to Client.   
  (i)        The following Fiserv standard Professional Services Rates, [CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED], and represent    Current Rates    for the Initial Term: 

[CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED FOR PORTIONS OF THIS DOCUMENT. PORTIONS FOR WHICH CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT IS REQUESTED ARE DENOTED BY [CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED]. MATERIAL OMITTED HAS BEEN FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION.] 

Resource Type 
    [CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED] 
    [CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED] 
    [CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED] 
      Senior Expertise Required 
    [CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED] 
    [CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED] 
    [CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED] 
      Program Management 
    [CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED] 
    [CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED] 
    [CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED] 
      Project Management / eBanking 
    [CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED] 
    [CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED] 
    [CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED] 
      Banking Analyst / Programmer/ 
  Network specialist 
    [CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED] 
    [CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED] 
    [CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED] 
      Client Location (On-Site) Training 
    [CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED] 
    [CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED] 
    [CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED] 
      Fiserv Location Training 
    [CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED] 
    [CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED] 
    [CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED] 

(j)        Professional Services Fees  .  Fees for any installation, conversion, or training services to be provided by Fiserv for a Project shall be specified in each Schedule, along with any required or applicable delivery dates.  Unless otherwise set forth in a Schedule or unless during the initial implementation period, Client shall pay Professional Services Fees 50% upon commencement of Project under an applicable Schedule and 50% upon Project completion.   
  (k)        Special Maintenance Fees   (as defined in the Software Products Exhibit) shall be paid for each Maintenance Period commencing 30 days following delivery of the applicable Modification, prorated to December 31   st    of the current year for each new Modification, and annually in advance thereafter.   
  (l)        For   Modifications   (as defined in the Software Products Exhibit), unless otherwise mutually agreed in writing between the parties for any specific Modification(s), Fiserv reserves the right to charge Client at Current Rates for any necessary retrofitting services when releases of the Software or Fiserv System(s) to which a Development Services Project relates are made generally available.  For clarity retrofit services for Signature modifications includes:  
    Evaluate all modifications and release impact (across Aperio, Commpack, etc.)    Harmonization    Comparison and analysis of all modified objects against base release objects    Message Files    FRP Files (Table Field Definition File)    Display files that are potentially affected by UI upgrade    Modules/Service Programs    Fields that changed based on Reference files    Recompiles for mod programs using mod files from Base file    Identify key risk areas for additional testing    Internal Code Review and Testing 
    
  (m)        Adjustments  .  Fiserv may increase the fees (including for all recurring, ongoing, and other future fees) annually effective each January 1 upon notice to Client; provided that each such increase shall be limited to the increase in the U.S. Department of Labor, Consumer Price Index for All Urban Consumers excluding  Food  and  Gas  (   CPI-U   ) for the most recently available 12-month period preceding such 30-day notice period, or [CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED].  Notwithstanding the foregoing, Fiserv reserves the right to increase the Fees if: (i) Client exceeds currently licensed volume of Software or if Client exceeds or falls below current tier pricing for ASP Services (including number of accounts, named users, workstations, etc.) of a given Deliverable compared to any limits or restrictions applicable to such Deliverable or as otherwise provided to or estimated by Fiserv during the discovery process to the agreed upon fees for the agreed upon tiers; (ii) Client purchases additional Deliverables.  Fiserv may increase the Fees charged for products or services provided by a Third Party through Fiserv and for which Fiserv charges on a  pass-through  basis (   Third Party Pass Through   ) by the amount of increase from the third party, if Fiserv s Third Party providers increase their fees or charges.  For clarity, Maintenance Fees in the Software Products Exhibit may also be subject to increase following delivery of new Software releases, Enhancements, or any other changes or additions to the Software provided by Fiserv as a result of Client-requested Software or P D Services.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, Fiserv reserves the right to increase its fees ([CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED]) or charge Client for Client s share of direct Fiserv costs of maintaining regulatory compliance as required by Section 4.(a)(iii) of the ASP Service Exhibit, and/or meeting relevant third party  

[CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED FOR PORTIONS OF THIS DOCUMENT. PORTIONS FOR WHICH CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT IS REQUESTED ARE DENOTED BY [CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED]. MATERIAL OMITTED HAS BEEN FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION.] 

standards (such as PCI-SSC s Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard) provided such charge is applied generally to Fiserv s clients receiving similar service(s).  
  (n)        In the event that Fiserv discontinues a non-material or non-core processing product or service or outsources a product or service to a third party, such as pursuant to Section 4.(b) of the ASP Services Exhibit, the following provisions shall apply: 
           (i) 
    If the product or service is included in the monthly minimum fee, [CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED]; 
              (ii) 
    If the product or service is not part of the monthly minimum fee and Client determines there is additional value, Fiserv and Client will mutually agree upon a cost increase within the range of [CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED]. 
              (iii) 
    If the product is a part of Software then Fiserv will provide a credit in the amount of the unamortized portion of the Software license fee paid by Client [CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED] for the Software being discontinued to be applied toward the license of the replacement Software. 
     For the avoidance of doubt, this Section does not grant Fiserv a right to terminate a non-material or non-core processing product or service other than in the event Fiserv s agreement with its third party provider is terminated. 
  (o)        [CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED]. 
  (p)        Holdover  .  Upon any termination or expiration of the Agreement or an Exhibit, Services provided after the applicable termination date, expiration date, or final processing date specified by Client (   Holdover   ) will be provided subject to Fiserv s capacity and will be invoiced at then current fees under the applicable Schedule plus a holdover premium of [CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED], unless such Holdover is due to Fiserv s action or inaction.   
  (q)        Deconversion Charges  .  Client agrees to pay Fiserv s then current deconversion charges (see Appendix 1 to this Agreement) in connection with Client s deconversion from the Fiserv System.  Deconversion activities for the orderly transition of the Services from Fiserv s system to another system will include the following types of services upon Client s written request (and to the extent Client s new service provider is involved, subject to Fiserv, Client, and such service provider entering into a commercially reasonable confidentiality agreement acceptable to the applicable parties), and on a time and materials basis at Current Rates as mutually agreed in writing between the parties in a Statement of Work. 
           (i) 
    promptly developing with Client and its new service provider a transition plan setting forth the respective tasks and timetable to be performed by each party;  
              (ii) 
    where appropriate, backing up Client Data for the remaining term of the Agreement and any term post period as agreed to by the parties;  
              (iii) 
    making available and delivering to Client or Client s designee all reasonable, necessary and appropriate tapes or other electronic or digital media with appropriate content, data and data library listings; 
              (iv) 
    promptly assisting Client or its new service provider with the loading or transmission of Client Data;  
              (v) 
    providing to Client, Client Data pursuant to Section 8.(f);  
              (vi) 
    rendering such assistance as is reasonably necessary for Client to map the Client Data to its new system;  
              (vii) 
    (collectively, (i), (ii), (iii), (iv), (v), and (vi) are hereinafter referred to as    Deconversion Activities   ).   Client shall pay for such Deconversion Activities at Current Rates, monthly as incurred, and in accordance with Section 2 of this Agreement. Notwithstanding the provisions set forth in Sections (i) to (vi) above, Notwithstanding the foregoing, if this Agreement is terminated pursuant to and in accordance with Section 8.(c)(ii) of the Agreement for Client s uncured failure to pay, Fiserv shall not be obligated to perform any of the above described Deconversion Activities unless and until Client pays in advance the total amount of fees for (A) all estimated Deconversion Activities and (B) Fiserv s provision of the Services up to and including the termination date. 
       
  (r)        [CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED]. 
    
  3.  Confidentiality and Ownership  .  The provisions of this Section 3 survive any termination or expiration of this Agreement. 
  (a)  Definitions  . 
           (i) 
       Client Information    means the following types of information of Client and its Affiliates obtained or accessed by Fiserv from or on behalf of Client or its Affiliates in connection with this Agreement or any discussions between the parties regarding new services or products to be added to this Agreement:  (A) trade secrets and proprietary information; (B)  

[CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED FOR PORTIONS OF THIS DOCUMENT. PORTIONS FOR WHICH CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT IS REQUESTED ARE DENOTED BY [CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED]. MATERIAL OMITTED HAS BEEN FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION.] 

customer lists, work flow processes, business requirements, business plans, information security plans, business continuity plans, and proprietary software programs; (C)    non-public personal information    as defined in Title V of the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act or the regulations issued thereunder (   GLB   ) about Client s customers and/or employees or any personally identifiable information, defined as information that can be identified to a particular person without unreasonable effort, such as the names and social security numbers of Client s individual customers and/or employees, and Client customer account related information(   Client PII    and (D) any other information received from or on behalf of Client or its Affiliates that Fiserv could reasonably be expected to know is confidential. 
           (ii) 
       Fiserv Information    means the following types of information of Fiserv and its Affiliates obtained or accessed by Client from or on behalf of Fiserv or its Affiliates in connection with this Agreement or any discussions between the parties regarding new services or products to be added to this Agreement: (A) trade secrets and proprietary information (including that of any Fiserv client, supplier, or licensor); (B) client lists, information security plans, business continuity plans, all information and documentation regarding the Deliverables, all software Products (including software modifications and documentation, databases, training aids, and all data, code, techniques, algorithms, methods, logic, architecture, and designs embodied or incorporated therein), and the terms and conditions of this Agreement; (C) any personally identifiable information, defined as information that can identified to a particular person without unreasonable effort, such as the names and social security numbers of Fiserv employees; and (D) any other information and data received from or on behalf of Fiserv or its Affiliates that Client could reasonably be expected to know is confidential. 
              (iii) 
       Information    means Client Information and/or Fiserv Information, as applicable.  No obligation of confidentiality applies to any Information that: (A) the receiving entity (   Recipient   ) develops independently without reference to Information of the disclosing entity (   Discloser   ), or rightfully receives or possesses without obligation of confidentiality from a third party; or (B) is or becomes publicly available without Recipient s breach of this Agreement. 
     (b)  Obligations  .  Recipient agrees to hold as confidential all Information it receives from the Discloser.  All Information shall remain the property of Discloser or its suppliers and licensors.  Recipient will use the same care and discretion to avoid disclosure of Information as it uses with its own similar information that it does not wish disclosed, but in no event less than a reasonable standard of care and no less than is required by law.  Recipient may only use Information for the lawful purposes contemplated by this Agreement, including in the case of Fiserv use of Client Information for fulfilling its obligations under this Agreement, performing, improving and enhancing the Deliverables, and developing data analytics models to produce analytics-based offerings.  Client agrees that prior to providing Fiserv access to any Client PII, Client shall ensure that any necessary consent has been obtained that is required by law or regulation for Fiserv to access the information and to use it pursuant to the terms set forth in this Agreement.  Fiserv specifically agrees not to use or disclose any Client PII in any manner prohibited by   GLB     as applicable to Fiserv.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, (i) either party as Recipient may disclose Information to: (A) its officers, directors, and employees and employees of permitted subcontractors and Affiliates who have a need to know; (B) its attorneys and accountants as necessary in the ordinary course of its business; and (C) any other party with Discloser s prior written consent.  Before disclosure to any of the above parties, Recipient will have a written agreement with (or in the case of clause (B) a professional obligation of confidentiality from) such party sufficient to require that party to treat Information in accordance with the requirements of this Agreement, and Recipient will remain responsible for any breach of this Section 3 by any of the above parties; and (ii) Fiserv as Recipient may also disclose Client Information to third party vendors designated by Client.  Recipient may disclose Information to the extent required by law or legal process, provided that: (A) Recipient gives Discloser prompt notice, if legally permissible, so that Discloser may seek a protective order; (B) Recipient reasonably cooperates with Discloser (at Discloser s expense) in seeking such protective order; and (C) all Information shall remain subject to the terms of this Agreement in the event of such disclosure.  Recipient will promptly provide Discloser with notice of any actual or threatened breach of the terms of this Section 3 or any other unauthorized disclosure of Discloser s Information and any reasonably requested assistance.  At Recipient s option, Information will be returned to Discloser or destroyed (except as may be contained in back-up files created in the ordinary course of business that are recycled in the ordinary course of business over an approximate 30- to 90-day period or such longer period as required by applicable law or Client s records management program) at the termination or expiration of this Agreement or the applicable Exhibit and, upon Discloser s request, Recipient will certify to Discloser in writing that it has complied with the requirements of this sentence.  Recipient acknowledges that any breach of this Section 3 may cause irreparable harm to Discloser for which monetary damages alone may be insufficient, and Recipient therefore acknowledges that Discloser shall have the right to seek injunctive or other equitable relief against such breach or threatened breach, in addition to all other remedies available to it at law or otherwise. 
  (c)  Ownership  .   
           (i) 
    With the exception of Client Information, all information, reports, studies, object and source code (including without limitation the Products and all modifications, enhancements, additions, upgrades, or other works based thereon or related thereto created through P D Services or otherwise), flow charts, diagrams, specifications, and other tangible or intangible material of any nature whatsoever produced by Fiserv or jointly with Client or by any of Fiserv s or Client s employees or agents, separately or together, through or as a result of or related to any of the Deliverables provided hereunder or development of any data analytics models hereunder, and all patents, copyrights, and other proprietary rights related to each of the foregoing, shall be the sole and exclusive property of Fiserv or its Affiliates.   
              (ii) 
    For clarity, to the extent Client Information is embedded or included in any of the works described in paragraph 3.(c)(i), Client retains all rights to such Client Information.   

[CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED FOR PORTIONS OF THIS DOCUMENT. PORTIONS FOR WHICH CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT IS REQUESTED ARE DENOTED BY [CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED]. MATERIAL OMITTED HAS BEEN FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION.] 

(iii) 
    Client hereby irrevocably assigns and transfers to Fiserv all rights, title, and interest in any such works referenced in this paragraph 3(c)(i) (excluding any Client Information), including without limitation copyrights, patent rights, trade secrets, industrial property rights, and moral rights, and shall execute all documents reasonably requested by Fiserv to perfect such rights.  Client shall be entitled to use such work product in accordance with the applicable terms and conditions of this Agreement.  
     (d)  Restrictions  .  Without limiting any other obligation set forth in this Section 3, Client shall not use, transfer, distribute, interface, integrate, or dispose of any information or content contained in Deliverables in any manner that competes with the business of Fiserv.  Except as expressly authorized in this Agreement or any Exhibit, Client shall not: (i) use or access the Deliverables to provide services to third parties; or (ii) disclose, reproduce, republish or offer any part of the Deliverables (or compilations based on any part of the Deliverables) for sale or distribution in any form, over or through any medium. 
  (e)  Residuals  .  Nothing contained in the Agreement shall restrict either party from the use in its business of any ideas, concepts, know-how, or techniques contained in Information accessed by such party in connection with the Services that are related to its business activities and retained in the unaided memory of such party s employees.   
  (f)  Confidentiality of this Agreement  . Fiserv and Client agree to keep confidential the prices, terms and conditions of this Agreement, except:  (i) for valid business needs of either party where there is specific written permission from the other party; and (ii) as hereafter provided: 
    
           (i) 
    Disclosure Requirements  .  Fiserv acknowledges that Client is required to comply with applicable law, including, without limitation, the regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission (the  SEC ).  Fiserv agrees that, if Client determines, after consulting outside securities legal counsel, that it is required to disclose the entry into the Agreement, the Agreement or its terms to comply with applicable law or regulation, then disclosure of the entry into the Agreement, the Agreement or its terms to the extent necessary to comply with applicable law ( Required Disclosure ) shall not constitute a breach or default of this Agreement on the part of Client, provided Client complies with the provisions of this Section 3.(f). 
       
           (ii) 
    Client Notice to Fiserv of Planned Disclosure  .  Client agrees to provide Fiserv with prior written notice ( Disclosure Notice ) of any planned Required Disclosure.  Client shall identify in such Disclosure Notice:  (1) the substance of such Required Disclosure; and (2) either the date on which Client intends to make such Required Disclosure or the event or occurrence which Client believes will trigger its obligation to make such Required Disclosure.  In all cases, the Disclosure Notice shall be provided by Client as far in advance as is reasonably practicable to allow Client, if requested by Fiserv, to seek confidential treatment of the information that is proposed to be disclosed. 
       
           (iii) 
    Fiserv Requests for Confidential Treatment  .  If Fiserv desires Client to file a confidential treatment request (a  CTR ) with respect to any proposed Required Disclosure, Fiserv shall, within two business days of receiving the Disclosure Notice, confirm such fact to Client in writing.  In addition, within five business days after receiving the Disclosure Notice, Fiserv will, with respect to each portion of such Required Disclosure for which confidential treatment is to be requested by Client, identify to Client:  
       
           A. 
    the specific portions of the Required Disclosure as to which Fiserv desires confidential treatment (the    Fiserv Designated Material    
       
           1. 
    a specific statement of the grounds upon which Fiserv asserts that the Fiserv Designated Material is subject to confidential treatment, which grounds shall be consistent with those permitted or recognized under Rule 406 of the Securities Act of 1933 and Rule 24b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; 
       
           2. 
    the duration for which confidential treatment shall be requested with respect to the Fiserv Designated Material; and 
       
           3. 
    in the case of any filing of the Agreement, a copy of the Agreement with any Fiserv Designated Material omitted, noting in each case, by means of an asterisk or other mark, the location in the Agreement where any provision has been redacted or omitted. 
       
           (iv) 
    Client Submission of Request for Confidential Treatment  . If requested by Fiserv in the manner set forth in this subsection, Client agrees to file a CTR with respect to the Fiserv Designated Material.  Client agrees to provide Fiserv with a copy of the CTR at least five business days prior to the relevant filing, and to consider in good faith any comments which Fiserv shall have to such application prior to filing it with the SEC.  In addition, Client agrees to employ its best efforts to provide Fiserv with a copy of the edgarized exhibit which it proposes to file at least one business day prior to filing the same with the SEC.  Fiserv acknowledges that any regulatory decisions made regarding the CTR are beyond the reasonable control of Client. 
       
  (g)  Survival  .  The provisions of this Section 3 shall survive any termination of expiration of this Agreement (or any part thereof). 

[CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED FOR PORTIONS OF THIS DOCUMENT. PORTIONS FOR WHICH CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT IS REQUESTED ARE DENOTED BY [CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED]. MATERIAL OMITTED HAS BEEN FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION.] 

4.  Information Security  . 
  (a)  General  .  Fiserv has implemented and shall maintain an information security program that is designed to meet the following objectives as required by the GLB Interagency Guidelines Establishing Information Security Standards designed to meet the following objectives:  (i) protect the security and confidentiality of customer information (as defined in GLB) ; (ii) protect against any reasonably foreseeable threats or hazards to the security or integrity of such information; (iii) protect against unauthorized access to or use of such information that could result in substantial harm or inconvenience to any customer; and (iv) ensure the proper disposal of  consumer information  (information obtained from  consumer reports  as defined in the Fair Credit Reporting Act).  Fiserv shall make available upon Client s written request or electronically (collectively,    Delivery Mechanism   )   to allow Client to review any associated audit reports as described in Section 10.(d) and (e) of this Agreement to assess whether its information security program meets the foregoing objectives, summaries of test results  as described in Sections 4.(f) and 6.(c) of the ASP Services Exhibit to this Agreement, summary business continuity plan framework for all relevant Fiserv business units, an annual copy of Fiserv s overview of risk management procedures with subcontractors, and any follow up reports or tracking of information security issues.  Fiserv shall also take appropriate actions to address incidents of unauthorized access (   Security Incident   ) to Client s  sensitive customer information  (as defined in GLB), including notification to Client as soon as possible, but in any event not later than 48 hours of any such Security Incident. Fiserv agrees to provide Client with all reasonable assistance required to comply with applicable laws that require the notification of individuals in the event of a Security Incident. In the event of a Security Incident, Client will assume responsibility for informing all such individuals in accordance with applicable law. Fiserv will make no notification except as authorized by Client or required by law. As required by PCI-SSC or the applicable regulatory agency having jurisdiction over Client, Fiserv may disclose information regarding any such Security Incident involving cardholder data to PCI-SSC and such agency.     
  (b)  Fiserv Plan  .  Via the Delivery Mechanism, Fiserv shall provide to Client a summary of Fiserv s written information security plan for the applicable Services received by Client, and thereafter upon Client s request will provide updates on the status of such information security plan. 
  (c)  Data Encryption  .  As applicable to the Deliverables received by Client, Client and Fiserv agree to comply with Fiserv s then-current data encryption policies and controls regarding transmission to and from Fiserv of tapes, images, and records maintained and produced by Fiserv for Client in connection with the Deliverables (   Client Files   ), or other data in connection with the Deliverables (collectively,    Data   ).  If Client requests or requires Fiserv to send, transmit, or otherwise deliver Data to Client or any third party in a non-compliant format or manner, or Client (or third party on Client s behalf) sends, transmits or otherwise delivers Data to Fiserv in a non-compliant format or manner, then, notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement:  (i) Client understands and accepts all risk of transmitting Data in an unencrypted or otherwise noncompliant format; and (ii) Client releases, discharges, and shall indemnify and hold harmless Fiserv and its employees, officers, directors, agents, and Affiliates from any and all liability, damage, or other loss under this Agreement or otherwise suffered by or through Client or suffered by any of the indemnified entities arising out of the transmission, destruction, or loss of such Data, including without limitation any information security or privacy breach related to such Data except for willful misconduct or gross negligence by Fiserv. 
  5.  Hiring and Employment  .  
  (a)  Background Checks  .  Neither party shall knowingly permit any of its employees to have access to the premises, records or data of the other party when such employee: (i) uses drugs illegally; or (ii) has been convicted of a crime in connection with a dishonest act or a breach of trust, as set forth in Section 19 of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act, 12 U.S.C. 1829(a).  Consistent with Fiserv s employment practices, newly hired Fiserv employees: (i) as from 1996, are required to pass a pre-employment criminal background check; and (ii) as from 1993, are required to pass a pre-employment drug screening, as permitted by law.  Upon Client s reasonable request and at its expense, Fiserv agrees to perform additional reasonable background checks on those of Fiserv s employees who will have access to Client facilities or Client s networks and computer systems located at Client facilities.  The results of all such background checks shall be retained solely by Fiserv.  
  (b)  Equal Employment  .  Fiserv agrees that it shall abide by the requirements of Presidential Executive Order 11246, appearing at 41 CFR   60-1.4(a), 60-300.5(a), 60-741.5(a), and as amended by the Executive Order dated July 21, 2014. These regulations prohibit discrimination against qualified individuals based on their status as protected veterans or individuals with disabilities, and prohibit discrimination against all individuals based on their race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, or national origin. Moreover, these regulations require that covered prime contractors and subcontractors take affirmative action to employ and advance in employment qualified individuals without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, protected veteran status or disability. 
  (c)  Recruitment of Employees  .  Neither party shall, without the other party s prior written consent, directly or indirectly, solicit for employment or hire any Restricted Employee while such person is employed by the other party and for the 6-month period starting on the earlier of: (i) termination of such Restricted Employee s employment; or (ii) termination or expiration of the Agreement.     Restricted Employee    means any former or current employee of either party or its Affiliates of whom the other party became aware or came into contact during Fiserv s performance of its obligations under this Agreement.  This restriction shall not apply to persons replying to the internet or other such general advertisements not targeted at the employees of the other party. 

[CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED FOR PORTIONS OF THIS DOCUMENT. PORTIONS FOR WHICH CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT IS REQUESTED ARE DENOTED BY [CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED]. MATERIAL OMITTED HAS BEEN FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION.] 

6.  Warranties  .  
  (a)  By Fiserv  .  Fiserv warrants that: (i) no contractual obligations exist that would prevent Fiserv from entering into this Agreement; (ii) it has the requisite authority to execute, deliver, and perform its obligations under this Agreement; and (iii) it will comply with all regulations directly and unambiguously applicable to Fiserv in the performance of its obligations under this Agreement as a supplier of software and technology services to financial institutions.  For the avoidance of doubt, nothing in this Agreement or any Schedule shall extend or reset any Warranty Periods for any Software previously licensed under the Prior Agreement.   
           (i) 
    Fiserv warrants that the Fiserv personnel performing the Services provided under the ASP Services Exhibit, the Maintenance Services provided under the Software Products Exhibit, and the Professional and Development Services provided under the Professional and Development Services Exhibit shall exercise due care.  Unless otherwise mutually agreed between the parties in writing, Client shall notify Fiserv in writing of, and Fiserv shall correct, any alleged warranty defect as set forth in Section 4.(i) of the ASP Services Exhibit or Section 1.(e) of the Professional and Development Services Exhibit. 
              (ii) 
    Fiserv warrants that, during the Warranty Period, the Software will perform in all material respects without the occurrence of a    Non-conformity    (as defined in the Software Products Exhibit ) when operated on the Computer System and in compliance with the Documentation, the Software Products Exhibit, and this Agreement.  Fiserv will provide replacements or corrections to the Software that does not so perform where such failure is material in terms of Client s ability to accurately process transactions as described in the Documentation, provided Fiserv is notified in writing of such failure during the Warranty Period.  This warranty shall not apply if the Non-conformity results from: (i) use of the Software in combination with any materials or software not provided or expressly approved by Fiserv; (ii) changes to the Software made by Client or any Third Party; or (iii) by use of the Software other than in accordance with the Documentation, the Software Products Exhibit or this Agreement, including without limitation Use in violation of Section 3 of the Software Products Exhibit.  Client acknowledges that all Software is designed to operate on the applicable Computer System and that the warranties given by Fiserv are conditional upon the procurement and maintenance by Client of the Computer System in accordance with the then current specified configuration.      
              (iii) 
    If the Software has been delivered by Fiserv on physical media, Fiserv warrants the media to be free from material physical defects and the Software to include up-to-date security protections designed to prevent any virus or similar malicious code for a period of 90 days after delivery by Fiserv.  Fiserv will replace the copy provided on defective media or deliver such Software via an alternate method selected by Fiserv, provided Fiserv is notified in writing of such defective media within such 90-day period. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, the corrective actions provided by Fiserv as set forth herein in Sections 6.(a)(i)   (iii) shall be Fiserv s entire liability and Client s sole and exclusive remedy for Fiserv s breach of the warranties set forth in such Sections 6.(a)(i)   (iii). 
              (iv) 
    Fiserv warrants that Client will acquire good and clear title to all Equipment free and clear of all liens and encumbrances.  Fiserv assigns to Client all warranties Supplier has granted or hereafter grants to Fiserv with respect to Equipment as set forth in the Equipment Schedules.  Client agrees to all of the terms and conditions applicable to those warranties and acknowledges that: (a) neither Supplier nor Fiserv warrants that use of Equipment will be uninterrupted or error free; and (b) Supplier s warranties, and the assignment of such warranties by Fiserv to Client, shall not impose any liability on Fiserv due to the Installation Services or any other services or assistance provided to Client by Fiserv with respect thereto.   
              (v) 
    NOTWITHSTANDING THE FOREGOING, UNLESS EXPRESSLY ASSUMED BY FISERV HEREIN OR IN THE EXHIBITS OR SCHEDULES HERETO, CLIENT ASSUMES ANY AND ALL RISK, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION ALL FINANCIAL RISK, ON ITS BEHALF AND ON BEHALF OF ITS CUSTOMERS FOR ANY ISSUES RELATING TO THE FUNDING OF A CUSTOMERS ACCOUNT, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION INSUFFICIENT FUNDS IN ANY SUCH ACCOUNT.  FOR THE AVOIDANCE OF DOUBT, THIS SECTION SHALL NOT OPERATE TO EXCLUDE FISERV S LIABILITY FOR RISKS ARISING FROM FISERV S WILLFUL MISCONDUCT OR GROSS NEGLIGENCE.  
              (vi) 
    NOTWITHSTANDING THE FOREGOING OR ANY OTHER PROVISIONS OF THE AGREEMENT, CLIENT ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT ACCESS TO CERTAIN ASP SERVICES SHALL BE ACROSS PUBLIC AND PRIVATE LINES OUTSIDE OF FISERV S CONTROL.  SUCH ASP SERVICES MAY BE SUBJECT TO DELAYS OR UNAVAILABILITY DUE TO CONGESTION, OVERLOAD OR DOWNTIME ON PUBLIC CIRCUITS SUPPLIED BY THIRD PARTIES, AND FISERV MAKES NO REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY ABOUT THE AVAILABILITY OF SUCH CIRCUITS.  FISERV SHALL HAVE NO LIABILITY FOR ANY FAILURES, ACTS, OR OMISSIONS OF ANY SUCH THIRD PARTIES, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION ANY SUCH DELAYS OR UNAVAILABILITY OR ANY UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS TO, ALTERATION, THEFT OR DESTRUCTION OF CLIENT INFORMATION. 
              (vii) 
    NOTWITHSTANDING THE FOREGOING AND IN ADDITION TO ANY OTHER DISCLAIMERS SET FORTH IN THE AGREEMENT, FISERV DOES NOT AND CANNOT MAKE ANY GUARANTEE OR REPRESENTATION THAT ANY FRAUD DETECTION-RELATED ASP SERVICES WILL IDENTIFY ALL OR EVERY POTENTIALLY FRAUDULENT TRANSACTION OR WILL NOT FALSELY IDENTIFY A TRANSACTION AS BEING POTENTIALLY FRAUDULENT.  FISERV DISCLAIMS ANY AND ALL LIABILITY TO CLIENT AND ITS CUSTOMERS OR ANY OTHER THIRD PARTIES IN CONNECTION WITH ANY SUCH INCIDENTS, AND CLIENT EXPRESSLY ACKNOWLEDGES AND ACCEPTS SUCH RISKS ON BEHALF OF ITSELF AND ITS CUSTOMERS.  Fiserv will only be expected to make reasonable efforts based on industry standards to identify potential fraud.  

[CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED FOR PORTIONS OF THIS DOCUMENT. PORTIONS FOR WHICH CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT IS REQUESTED ARE DENOTED BY [CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED]. MATERIAL OMITTED HAS BEEN FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION.] 

(viii) 
    FISERV DOES NOT WARRANT THAT ALL NON-CONFORMITIES CAN BE CORRECTED.  IN NO EVENT SHALL FISERV BE LIABLE FOR LOSS OF OR DAMAGE TO CLIENT S DATA RESULTING FROM CLIENT S USE OF THE SOFTWARE.   
     (b)  By Client  .  Client represents and warrants that: (i) no contractual obligations exist that would prevent Client from entering into this Agreement; (ii) it has the requisite authority to execute, deliver, and perform its obligations under this Agreement; and (iii) it and its Authorized Users will comply with the relevant terms of this Agreement as well as all laws, rules, regulatory requirements and industry standards applicable to the receipt and use of Deliverables, including without limitation providing any required notice, privacy policies and other such information to its Authorized Users using a given Deliverable. 
  (c)  THE WARRANTIES STATED ABOVE AND IN THE EXHIBITS, IF ANY, ARE LIMITED WARRANTIES AND ARE THE ONLY WARRANTIES MADE BY THE PARTIES.  FISERV DOES NOT REPRESENT THAT THE DELIVERABLES MEET THE NEEDS OF CLIENT S INTENDED USE OF THE DELIVERABILES OR THAT THE OPERATION OF THE DELIVERABLES WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR-FREE.  CLIENT ACKNOWLEDGES THAT IT HAS INDEPENDENTLY EVALUATED THE DELIVERABLES AND THEIR APPLICATION TO CLIENT S NEEDS.  FISERV DISCLAIMS, AND CLIENT HEREBY EXPRESSLY WAIVES, ALL OTHER REPRESENTATIONS, CONDITIONS, OR WARRANTIES, EXPRESS AND IMPLIED, INCLUDING WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, AND ANY WARRANTIES ARISING FROM A COURSE OF DEALING OR USAGE OR TRADE.  NOTWITHSTANDING THE FOREGOING, UNLESS EXPRESSLY SET FORTH HEREIN, FISERV MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, ON BEHALF OF ANY THIRD PARTY PROVIDER.  FURTHERMORE, CLIENT MAY NOT MAKE ANY WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, ON BEHALF OF FISERV OR ANY OF ITS THIRD PARTY PROVIDERS TO ANY OF CLIENT S AFFILIATE, AUTHORIZED USERS OR ANY OTHER THIRD PARTY WITHOUT FISERV S PRIOR WRITTEN CONSENT. 
  (d)  The terms of this Section 6 shall survive termination of the Agreement or any parts thereof 
  7.  Limitation of Liability  .  FISERV S AGGREGATE LIABILITY TO CLIENT AND ANY THIRD PARTY FOR ANY AND ALL CLAIMS OR OBLIGATIONS RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT FOR LOSS OF GOODWILL, LOST PROFITS, LOST REVENUE OR OPPORTUNITY, OR SPECIAL, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, PUNITIVE, EXEMPLARY, OR TORT DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE LIMITED TO THE [CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED] PRECEDING THE DATE THE CLAIM ACCRUED; PROVIDED THAT FISERV S AGGREGATE LIABILITY TO CLIENT AND ANY THIRD PARTY FOR ANY AND ALL CLAIMS OR OBLIGATIONS RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE LIMITED TO [CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED] PRECEDING THE DATE THE CLAIM ACCRUED (   AGGREGATE CAP   ).  IN NO EVENT WILL FISERV S AGGREGATE LIBILITY FOR ANY AND ALL CLAIMS AND OBLIGATIONS RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT EXCEED THE AGGREGATE CAP    
  Notwithstanding the foregoing, Fiserv s aggregate liability for a default relating to Third Party Software or Equipment shall be limited to the amount paid by Client to Fiserv for the applicable Third Party Software or Equipment. 
  8.  Term and Termination  .   
  (a)  Term  .  Except as set forth in the table below, this Agreement, Exhibits, and Schedules hereto shall be effective on the Effective Date and remain in effect until [CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED] (the    Initial     Term   ), unless otherwise terminated as provided herein.  Unless written notice of non-renewal is provided by either party at least [CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED] prior to expiration of the Initial Term or any renewal term, the Services shall automatically renew for additional term(s) [CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED]. 

[CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED FOR PORTIONS OF THIS DOCUMENT. PORTIONS FOR WHICH CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT IS REQUESTED ARE DENOTED BY [CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED]. MATERIAL OMITTED HAS BEEN FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION.] 

Service or Software Subject to Section 11.(s) 
    Initial Term Expiration Date 
      Services that are the subject matter of the ACH Services Schedule 
    [CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED] 
      Services that are the subject matter of the Secure Lending Services Schedule 
    [CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED] 
      The UniFi Software licensed in the Loan Origination Software Schedule 
    [CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED] 
      The Desktop Teller and Aperio Software licensed in the Signature Software Schedule 
    [CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED] 
      Convergys as set forth in the Convergys Solution Schedule to the Equipment Exhibit, 
    [CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED] 
      Services that are the subject matter of the ARP/SMS Services Schedule 
    [CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED] 
      Services that are the subject matter of the [CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED] Services Schedule 
    [CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED] 
      Services that are the subject matter of the Investment Services AdVisorVision Schedule 
    [CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED] 
      Services that are the subject matter of the Loan Complete Services Schedule 
    [CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED] 
      Services that are the subject matter of the Weiland Financial Group Services Schedule 
    [CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED] 
      The EnAct Software licensed in the EnAct Software Schedule 
    [CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED] 
      The Software licensed in the [CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED] Solution Software Schedule 
    [CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED] 
      The Software licensed in the InformEnt Software Schedule 
    [CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED] 

(b)  The term for Deliverables may be set forth in the applicable Exhibit or Schedule.  An Exhibit or Schedule that does not state a term will be effective from its last date of execution until terminated in accordance with this Agreement or the Exhibit.   

[CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED FOR PORTIONS OF THIS DOCUMENT. PORTIONS FOR WHICH CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT IS REQUESTED ARE DENOTED BY [CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED]. MATERIAL OMITTED HAS BEEN FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION.] 

(c)  Termination  .   
           (i) 
    Either party may, upon written notice to the other, terminate:  (A) any Schedule if the other party materially breaches its obligations under that Schedule or under this Agreement with respect to that Schedule; or (B) this Agreement if the other party materially breaches its obligations with respect to the non-breaching party s Information or other intellectual property; and the breaching party fails to cure such material breach within 90 days as to a breach under clause (A) and 10 days as to a breach under clause (B) following its receipt of written notice stating, with particularity and in reasonable detail, the nature of the claimed breach. 
              (ii) 
    If any undisputed amount in any invoice remains unpaid by Client 30 days after due, Fiserv may, upon 45 days prior written notice to Client s President and Client s Chief Information Officer, terminate:  (A) the Schedule and/or Client s access to and use of Deliverables to which the payment failure relates; or (B) this Agreement if the [CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED].  Any invoice submitted by Fiserv shall be deemed correct unless Client provides written notice to Fiserv within 30 days of the invoice date specifying the nature of any disagreement.    
              (iii) 
    Client may terminate the individual Service / Schedule or the entire Agreement pursuant to [CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED], and upon 90 days prior written notice to Fiserv. 
              (iv) 
    Client may terminate any Schedule to this Agreement or this entire Agreement without cause, upon payment of a termination fee described in Section d. below, and upon 90 days prior written notice to Fiserv. 
              (v) 
    Either party may, upon written notice to the other, terminate this Agreement if the other party commits an act of bankruptcy or becomes the subject of any proceeding under the Bankruptcy Code or becomes insolvent or if any substantial part of such party s property becomes subject to any levy, seizure, assignment, application, or sale for or by any creditor or governmental agency 
     (d)  Consequence of Termination 
           (i) 
    If Client terminates [CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED], Client shall pay a termination fee determined by multiplying the average of the monthly invoices incurred by Client during the 12-month period preceding the effective date of termination, [CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED],  (or if no monthly invoice has been received, the estimated monthly billing for each Deliverable to be received thereunder) by the remaining term of the Schedule(s) or Agreement, as applicable, and multiplying the result by the Multiplier provided in Column A in the  Multiplier  table below.  If Client terminates [CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED], Client shall pay a termination fee determined by (A) multiplying the average of the monthly invoices incurred by Client during the 12-month period preceding the effective date of termination, [CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED], (or if no monthly invoice has been received, the estimated monthly billing for each Deliverable to be received hereunder) by the remaining term of the Agreement, as applicable, 2) subtracting any remaining flex credit which has not been taken previously as an invoice reduction,  and 3)  then multiplying the result by the Multiplier provided in Column A in the  Multiplier  table below. 

(ii) 
    If Client terminates [CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED], Client shall pay a termination fee [CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED].   
       
  [CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED] 
    
           (iii) 
    Defaults  .  If Client: 
              A. 
    fails to cure its material breach or its failure to pay amounts due, each as set forth in the Agreement;  
              B. 
    deconverts any data or information from the Fiserv System either without Fiserv s prior written consent or in violation of the Agreement; or  
              C. 
    commits an act of bankruptcy or becomes the subject of any proceeding under the Bankruptcy Code or becomes insolvent or if any substantial part of Client s property becomes subject to any levy, seizure, assignment, application, or sale for or by any creditor or governmental agency, 
     then Fiserv may, upon written notice, terminate the Agreement and be entitled to recover from Client as an amount equal to the [CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED] of the Agreement.  For purposes of the preceding sentence, present value shall be computed using the  prime  rate (as published in   The Wall Street Journal  ) in effect at the date of termination and [CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED]. 
           (iv) 
    License  .  The termination of this Agreement or the Software Products Exhibit or any individual Schedule(s) thereto shall automatically, and without further action by Fiserv, terminate and extinguish the license(s) granted under the applicable Schedule and Fiserv s obligation to provide the Maintenance Services with respect to such Software.   

[CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED FOR PORTIONS OF THIS DOCUMENT. PORTIONS FOR WHICH CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT IS REQUESTED ARE DENOTED BY [CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED]. MATERIAL OMITTED HAS BEEN FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION.] 

Unless Client destroys all copies of the Software and provides written certification to Fiserv of said destruction within 10 days of receipt of written notice from Fiserv following termination of the applicable Schedule, Fiserv shall have the right to take immediate possession of the Software and all copies thereof wherever located without further notice or demand.  In addition, upon termination for any reason other than Fiserv s uncured material default pursuant to Section 8(b)(i) of the Agreement, all remaining Maintenance Fees through the end of the then current term of Maintenance Services for each Schedule or this Agreement, as applicable, shall be accelerated and multiplied by the applicable Multiplier % set forth in the table in Section ii. above, and Client shall pay all such accelerated fees to Fiserv pursuant to the payment terms set forth in the Agreement.   
  (e)  Liquidated Damages  .  Client understands and agrees that Fiserv losses incurred as a result of any early termination would be difficult or impossible to calculate as of the effective date of termination since they will vary based on, among other things, the number of clients using the Fiserv System on the date the Agreement (or applicable part thereof) terminates.  Accordingly, the amounts set forth in Sections 8.(d) above represent Client s agreement to pay and Fiserv s agreement to accept as liquidated damages (and not as a penalty) such amount for any such termination.   
  (f)  Return of Client Files  .  Upon expiration or termination of the Agreement or any Schedule to this Exhibit, Fiserv shall furnish to Client such copies of Client Files as Client may request in a Fiserv standard format, and shall provide such information and assistance as is reasonable and customary to enable Client to deconvert from the Fiserv System; provided, however, that Client authorizes Fiserv to retain Client Files until: (i) Fiserv is paid in full for all amounts due for all Services provided through the date such Client Files are returned to Client; (ii) Fiserv is paid its then standard rates for the services necessary to return such Client Files; (iii) if the Agreement or applicable Schedule is being terminated, Fiserv is paid any applicable termination fee pursuant to Section 8.(d)(i) or Section 8.(d)(ii) above.  Promptly following Fiserv s final use of Client Files for processing, Fiserv and Client shall meet to discuss the disposition of the Client Files in Fiserv s possession.  Fiserv shall advise Client of the inventory of files in Fiserv s possession relating to such final processing by Fiserv and Client shall advise Fiserv of its request to receive such Files or for Fiserv to destroy such files.  Unless directed by Client in writing to the contrary, Fiserv shall be permitted to destroy Client Files any time after 30 days from the final use of Client Files for processing.  Upon Client request following destruction of Client Files, Fiserv shall provide to Client a certification of such destruction within a reasonable time of such request. 
  (g)  Miscellaneous  .  Client is responsible for the deinstallation and return shipping of any Fiserv-owned equipment located on Client s premises 
  (h)  Remedies  .  Remedies contained in this Section 8 are cumulative and are in addition to the other rights and remedies available to Fiserv under this Agreement, by law or otherwise. 
  9.  Dispute Resolution  .  
  (a)  Informal.   Before initiating legal action against the other party relating to a dispute herein, the parties agree to work in good faith to resolve disputes and claims arising out of this Agreement.  To this end, either party may request that each party designate an officer or other management employee with authority to bind such party to meet to resolve the dispute or claim.  If the dispute is not resolved within 30 days of the commencement of informal efforts under this paragraph, either party may pursue formal legal action.  This paragraph will not apply if expiration of the applicable time for bringing an action is imminent and will not prohibit a party from pursuing injunctive or other equitable relief to which it may be entitled. 
  (b)  Except with respect to disputes arising from a misappropriation or misuse of either party s proprietary rights, any dispute or controversy arising out of this Agreement, or its interpretation, shall be submitted to and resolved exclusively by arbitration under the rules then prevailing of the JAMS arbitration organization, upon written notice of demand for arbitration by the party seeking arbitration, setting forth the specifics of the matter in controversy or the claim being made.  The arbitration shall be heard before an arbitrator mutually agreeable to the parties; or, failing that, in accordance with the procedure described in Rule 15 of the JAMS Comprehensive Arbitration Rules and Procedures effective July 1, 2014, or its then-current analogue.  The arbitrators will be selected from a panel of persons having experience with and knowledge of information technology and at least 1 of the arbitrators selected will be an attorney.  Discovery shall not be permitted.  A hearing on the merits of all claims for which arbitration is sought by either party shall be commenced not later than 60 days from the date demand for arbitration is made by the first party seeking arbitration.  The arbitrator(s) must render a decision within 10 days after the conclusion of such hearing.  Any award in such arbitration shall be final and binding upon the parties and the judgement thereon may be entered in any court of competent jurisdiction. 
  (c)  Applicable Law  .  The arbitration shall be governed by the United States Arbitration Act, 9 U.S.C. Section 1   16 and the Federal Rules of Evidence.  The arbitrators shall apply the substantive law of the State of Pennsylvania, without reference to provisions relating to conflict of laws.  The arbitrators shall not have the power to alter, modify, amend, add to, or subtract from any term or provision of this Agreement, nor to rule upon or grant any extension, renewal, or continuance of this Agreement.  The arbitrators shall have the authority to grant any legal remedy available had the parties submitted the dispute to a judicial proceeding. 
  (d)  Situs  .  If arbitration is required to resolve any disputes between the parties, the proceedings to resolve first such dispute shall be held in Lancaster, Pennsylvania, the proceedings to resolve the second such dispute shall be held in Milwaukee, Wisconsin, and the proceedings to resolve any subsequent disputes shall alternate between Milwaukee, Wisconsin and Lancaster, Pennsylvania. 

[CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED FOR PORTIONS OF THIS DOCUMENT. PORTIONS FOR WHICH CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT IS REQUESTED ARE DENOTED BY [CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED]. MATERIAL OMITTED HAS BEEN FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION.] 

(e)  Affiliate Claims  .  All claims and disputes of either party s Affiliate against the other party arising out of or related to the Agreement shall be made exclusively by, through and in the name of Fiserv or Client, as applicable.   
  10.  Audit  .   
  (a)  Fiserv Operations and Security  . Fiserv is regulated by the Federal Financial Institutions Examination Council (FFIEC) and is subject to certain examinations by FFIEC regulators and agencies.  Client acknowledges and agrees that during the term of this Agreement and for a period of 1 year thereafter, reports of such examination of Fiserv business units are available to Client directly from the relevant FFIEC agencies.  Fiserv employs an internal auditor responsible for reviewing the integrity of its processing environments and internal controls.  Except as set forth otherwise in the Agreement, no further audit rights regarding Fiserv s operations or security controls are granted by this Agreement.   
  (b)  Regulator Request for Information  .  Fiserv shall provide, at no additional charge, through the Delivery Mechanism or as otherwise agreed, the necessary information reasonably requested by Client with respect to Fiserv or Fiserv s Affiliates, including without limitation, each Affiliate s business continuity, disaster recovery and security matrices or other plans or documentation, as necessary in order for Client to comply with Client s regulators  request.  If Client requested information is not readily available or requires Fiserv to create or compile such information to fulfill Client s request, the scope of such information shall be mutually agreed prior to Fiserv s provision of such information, on a time and materials basis at the Current Rates. 
  (c)  Billing Records  .  Upon Client s reasonable request in writing no more frequently than once every 12 months, Fiserv shall provide Client with documentation supporting the amounts invoiced by Fiserv hereunder for the 12-month period preceding such Client request.  If such documentation reveals the amounts paid to Fiserv exceed the amounts to which Fiserv is entitled and such amounts are independently verified, Fiserv shall promptly remit or otherwise credit to Client the amount of such overpayment. Conversely, if such documentation reveals the amounts paid to Fiserv are less than the amounts owed, Client shall promptly remit the amount of such underpayment.  Invoices dated prior to the 12-month review period hereunder shall be deemed correct.  Fiserv reserves the right to charge Client for any assistance required in connection with such an audit at Fiserv s then-current rates, unless such audit reveals an overcharge of more than 10%, in which case such audit shall be at Fiserv s expense. 
  (d)  Operations Audits  .  Fiserv provides for periodic, independent audits of its operations, which shall include an annual SSAE 16 Type II audit for the following Services.  Upon Client request Fiserv shall provide Client with a copy of such independent audit report(s) of the Fiserv service center(s) providing the Services within a reasonable time after its completion. Fiserv reserves the right to charge each client a fee for the annual SAS70 or SSAE-16 audit [CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED].  If material deficiencies affecting the Services are noted in such audit report, Fiserv will develop and implement an action plan to address and resolve any such deficiencies within a commercially reasonable time, in any event, within the timeframe required by the applicable regulatory or governmental entity, at Fiserv s expense.   
  [CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED] 
  (e)  Service Center Assessment  . Once annually per Service, per location, Client may conduct a reasonable examination of Fiserv s operations in relation to Fiserv s performance of the Services (   Client Review   ) as Client s third party technology services provider (   TSP   ), consistent with the FFIEC IT Examination Handbook and related guidelines, upon at least 30 days  prior advance notice to Fiserv and subject to the following:   
           (i) 
    The parties shall mutually agree in writing any applicable Professional Services fees and the scope of such Client Review, which will include:  
              A. 
    on-site access to Fiserv s facilities to conduct a tour and high level walk through of Fiserv operations and associated operational controls and control points in relation to Fiserv s performance of the Services;  
              B. 
    completion or review of Client s annual security questionnaire(s) relating to the Services;  
              C. 
    reasonable examination and discussion of the audit report(s) provided in Section (d) above 
              D. 
    a management action plan to address any deficiencies identified in any relevant audit in a timely manner;  
              E. 
    review of Fiserv s Business Continuity Plan and/or Disaster Recovery Plans; 
              F. 
    summaries of security scan results of network environment(s) in which Client s data will reside; and 
              (ii) 
    Fiserv and Client shall mutually reasonably agree on the commencement and completion times for each such Client Review; provided however, that such review shall take place within 30 days after Client s request and shall be completed within 2 Business Days unless otherwise mutually agreed between the Parties. 
              (iii) 
    The Client Review shall be conducted during normal business hours, and minimize disruption to business operations.   
              (iv) 
    Client shall comply with all applicable facility and security rules and procedures provided to Client in advance in writing, while on Fiserv s premises.   

[CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED FOR PORTIONS OF THIS DOCUMENT. PORTIONS FOR WHICH CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT IS REQUESTED ARE DENOTED BY [CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED]. MATERIAL OMITTED HAS BEEN FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION.] 

(v) 
    For clarity, Fiserv shall not be required to permit Client to have access to any records, equipment or other documentation which contains Fiserv financial information or confidential information of any other Fiserv clients. 
     (f)  Model Validation  .  In the event that Fiserv deploys a model as part of delivery of its Service which Fiserv agrees requires validation consistent with OCC Bulletin 2011-12 by Fiserv with regard to Fiserv s use of such model, Fiserv will validate such model in accordance with the guidance in OCC Bulletin 2011-12 as it applies to a service provider.  Client shall remain responsible for its own model validation in accordance with OCC Bulletin 2011-12, as it applies to a financial institution.  Fiserv shall provide to Client at no additional charge, a copy of its model validation report(s) which are provided by Fiserv generally to its client base at no additional charge, within a reasonable time after its completion.  [CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED]. 
  (g)  Customer Complaints  .  In the event Fiserv interacts with Client customers in direct, two-way communication with such customers without Client involvement in the course of performing the Services (   Customer Communication   ), currently with respect to the CashEdge Services, CheckFree Services, and Card Services as described in the applicable Schedule, then Fiserv will use commercially reasonable efforts to inform Client of (i) any actual written or oral expressions of dissatisfaction  by Client s customers about the Services or a Fiserv policy, procedure, process, practice or employee, including an allegation of wrongdoing by Fiserv that are directly received by Fiserv during such communications (   Complaints   ), as well as (ii) Fiserv s response to such customers regarding such Complaints. Fiserv shall make standard reports of Complaints and Fiserv s responses available to Client upon Client request.  
  11.  General  . 
  (a)  Fiserv s Review of Regulatory / Industry  .     The Privacy Counsel and other members of the Fiserv Legal Department continually monitor new regulations and laws to assess their impact on Fiserv and Fiserv s services to its clients, as well as the impact on Fiserv policies, standards, and practices. The Privacy Counsel sends a weekly summary of relevant regulatory developments to the members of the Fiserv Enterprise Risk   Compliance Committee. This committee is comprised of compliance and risk leaders and practitioners from across the Fiserv business units and operating entities who also monitor new regulations and laws relevant to their business units and functions, and meet at least monthly with the Privacy Counsel and key members of ERR to discuss relevant issues and devise compliance plans.  [CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED].    
  (b)  [CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED]: 
           (i) 
    Fiserv acknowledges it is responsible to perform the following testing in Fiserv s test environment for the following functionality additions to Services and Software, as applicable: [CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED]. 
              (ii) 
    [CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED].  
     (c)  Binding Agreement; Assignment  .  This Agreement is binding upon the parties, their participating Affiliates, and their respective successors and permitted assigns.  Except as otherwise provided for herein, neither this Agreement nor any part thereof or interest therein may be sold, assigned, transferred, novated, pledged, or otherwise disposed of by the other party, whether pursuant to change of control (which includes without limitation a direct or indirect change in the controlling interest a party, its parent company or its ultimate parent company or a sale of all or substantially all of a party s assets), by operation of law or otherwise, without the other party s prior written consent, which shall not be unreasonably withheld or unduly delayed.  If the organization to which such a transfer by Client is proposed derives more than 5% of its gross revenues from providing service bureau, time share, computer software consulting services, computer software licensing, or computer hardware sales, Fiserv shall be under no obligation to consent to such transfer.  
  (d)  Subcontract  .  Client agrees that Fiserv may assign all or part of this Agreement to an Affiliate and may subcontract any obligations to be performed hereunder; provided that as part of Fiserv s vendor management, Fiserv shall have completed appropriate due diligence regarding such subcontractor prior to its engagement, Fiserv shall monitor the performance of its Affiliates and subcontractors, including conducting a risk assessment of each subcontractor, and provided further than any such subcontractors and Affiliates shall be required to comply with all applicable terms and conditions of this Agreement, and Fiserv shall remain primarily liable for the performance of any such subcontractors and Affiliates. Fiserv will also provide as described in Section 4.(a) of this Agreement, through the Delivery Mechanism, a list subcontractors that have access to Client PII where a  subcontractor  means a third party vendor, provider or supplier to whom Fiserv contracts out a specific portion of the Deliverables provided to Client under this Agreement. Client will facilitate timely cooperation with Fiserv s subcontractors, if any, in order for Fiserv to provide the Deliverables. 
  (e)  Entire Agreement; Amendments  .  As of the Effective Date, this Agreement, including its Exhibits and Schedules, which are expressly incorporated herein by reference, constitutes the complete and exclusive statement of the agreement between the parties as to the subject matter hereof and supersedes all previous agreements with respect thereto and the terms of all existing or future purchase orders and acknowledgments.  Each party hereby acknowledges that it has not been induced to enter into this Agreement by virtue of, and is not relying on, any representation made by the other party not embodied herein, any term sheets or other correspondence preceding the execution of this Agreement, or any prior course of dealing between the parties, including without limitation any statements concerning product or service usage or the financial condition of the parties.  The protections of this Agreement shall apply to actions of the parties performed in preparation for and anticipation of the execution of this Agreement.  Changes to this Agreement must be in writing and signed by duly authorized representatives of the parties.   

[CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED FOR PORTIONS OF THIS DOCUMENT. PORTIONS FOR WHICH CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT IS REQUESTED ARE DENOTED BY [CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED]. MATERIAL OMITTED HAS BEEN FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION.] 

(f)  Severability  .  If any provision of this Agreement is held to be unenforceable or invalid, the other provisions shall continue in full force and effect. 
  (g)  Governing Law; Jury Trial Waiver  .  This Agreement will be governed by the substantive laws of the State of Pennsylvania, without reference to provisions relating to conflict of laws.  The United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods shall not apply to this Agreement.  Both parties agree to waive any right to have a jury participate in the resolution of any dispute or claim between the parties or any of their respective Affiliates arising under this Agreement. 
  (h)  Force Majeure  .  With the exception of Client s payment obligations, neither party shall be responsible for delays or failures in performance resulting from acts of God, acts of civil or military authority, fire, flood, strikes, war, epidemics, pandemics, shortage of power, telecommunications or Internet service interruptions or other acts or causes reasonably beyond the control of that party. The party experiencing the force majeure event agrees to give the other party notice promptly following the occurrence of a force majeure event, and to use diligent efforts to re-commence performance as promptly as commercially practicable.  
  (i)  Notices  .  Any written notice required or permitted to be given hereunder shall be given by: (i) Registered or Certified Mail, Return Receipt Requested, postage prepaid; (ii) confirmed facsimile; or (iii) nationally recognized overnight courier service to the other party at the addresses listed on page 1 or to such other address or person as a party may designate in writing.  Any notice to Fiserv shall also include a copy to the following address: Fiserv, 255 Fiserv Drive, Brookfield, Wisconsin, 53045, ATTN: General Counsel.  All such notices shall be effective upon receipt.  Any notice to Client shall also include a copy to the following address:  One Penn Square, PO Box 4887 Lancaster, PA  17604, ATTN: Chief Information Officer and a copy to the following address:  One Penn Square, PO Box 4887 Lancaster, PA  17604, ATTN: General Counsel.  All such notices shall be effective upon receipt. 
  (j)  No Waiver  .  The failure of either party to insist on strict performance of any of the provisions hereunder shall not be construed as the waiver of any subsequent default of a similar nature. 
  (k)  Prevailing Party  .  The prevailing party in any arbitration, suit, or action brought by one party against the other party to enforce the terms of this Agreement or any rights or obligations hereunder, shall be entitled to receive its reasonable costs, expenses, and attorneys  fees of bringing such arbitration, suit, or action. 
  (l)  Survival  .  All rights and obligations of the parties under this Agreement that, by their nature, do not terminate with the expiration or termination of this Agreement shall survive the expiration or termination of this Agreement. 
  (m)  Publicity  .  Client and Fiserv shall have the right to make general references about each other and the type of Deliverables being provided hereunder to third parties, such as auditors, regulators, financial analysts, and prospective customers and clients, provided that in so doing Client or Fiserv does not breach Section 3 of this Agreement.  The parties may mutually agree to issue a press release regarding this Agreement, including its renewal and the addition of Deliverables, subject to the parties  mutual agreement of the content of such press release and provided the party initiating such release gives the other party a reasonable opportunity to review, revise, and/or comment on the content thereof.  
  (n)  Fiserv Marks  .  Except as authorized herein, Client will not use the name, trademark, service mark, logo or other identifying marks of Fiserv or any of its Affiliates in any sales, marketing, or publicity activities, materials, or Internet site display without the prior written consent of Fiserv.  Any such authorized or approved use shall at all times comply with Fiserv s Trademark Usage Guidelines (or similar terms) set forth on Fiserv s corporate Internet site and other requirements issued by Fiserv. 
  (o)  Client Marks  .  For those Deliverables which require Fiserv to brand or otherwise identify Client, including without limitation any ASP Services which involve the creation of a Web site to be used in connection with Client s Web site, Client will provide to Fiserv any of Client s trademarks, trade names, service marks, service names, Third Party links, information, specifications, materials, designs, logos, copy or other such works, marks or content (   Client Content   ) that Client desires Fiserv to use in providing such ASP Services and Client hereby grants to Fiserv, and its Affiliates and/or third party providers, as applicable, a non-exclusive, non-assignable right to use during the term of this Agreement the Client Content in connection with the Deliverables or for the purposes otherwise specified in the Agreement.   
  (p)  Independent Contractors  .  Client and Fiserv (and their Affiliates and any subcontractors) expressly agree they are acting as independent contractors and under no circumstances shall any of the employees of one party be deemed the employees of the other party (or their Affiliates or any subcontractors) for any purpose.  Except as expressly authorized herein or in the Exhibits, this Agreement shall not be construed as authority for either party to act for the other party in any agency or other capacity, or to make commitments of any kind for the account of or on behalf of the other. Unless expressly set forth in an Exhibit, nothing in this Agreement shall establish or imply on the part of Fiserv or any of its Affiliates, employees, subcontractors or third party providers or subcontractors any fiduciary relationship with or any fiduciary duty to Client or any person or entity affiliated with Client, including without limitation any employees, Authorized Users, customers, prospective customers, agents, contractors or subcontractors of Client or its Affiliates. 
  (q)  No Legal Advice  .  Client expressly acknowledges and agrees that any information or materials, written or oral, provided by Fiserv to Client or Client s Affiliates, Authorized Users, employees, Customers or other agents, including without limitation any sample agreement terms, do not constitute legal advice and that such information and materials are provided solely in connection to assisting Client in understanding Fiserv s expectations in complying with the relevant terms of the Agreement. 

[CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED FOR PORTIONS OF THIS DOCUMENT. PORTIONS FOR WHICH CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT IS REQUESTED ARE DENOTED BY [CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED]. MATERIAL OMITTED HAS BEEN FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION.] 

(r)  No Third Party Beneficiaries  .  Except as expressly set forth in any Exhibit hereto, no third party shall be deemed to be an intended or unintended third party beneficiary of this Agreement.  
  (s)  Exclusivity  .  Client agrees that Fiserv shall be the sole and exclusive provider of the Deliverables that are the subject matter of the Schedules to this Agreement and as more fully defined in the Fiserv documentation supporting such Deliverables [CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED].   If Client is acquired by another entity, this Exclusivity Restriction will apply to the acquiring entity with respect to the level or volume or monthly fees applicable to the Exclusive Deliverables immediately prior to such acquisition, continuing until any termination or expiration of this Agreement.  However, in the event Client is acquired by another entity, this Agreement may be terminated subject to any applicable termination fee for such Services pursuant to Section 8.(d).    
  (t)  Conflicts  .  Unless the given term expressly states that it applies notwithstanding the terms of the Agreement or Exhibit, as applicable: (i) if the terms of any Exhibit or Schedule directly conflict with the terms of this Agreement, this Agreement shall control; and (ii) if the terms of any Schedule directly conflict with the terms of the related Exhibit, the Exhibit shall control. 
  (u)  Counterparts  .  This Agreement and any Exhibits hereto may be executed in counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original and which shall together constitute one instrument. 
    
  IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have caused this Agreement to be executed by their duly authorized representatives as of the Effective Date. 
    
  For   Fulton Financial Corporation   and on behalf of         For Fiserv: 
  each of Client Affiliates                      Fiserv Solutions, LLC 
                           
  By:                                    By:                           
  Name:                                Name:                           
  Title:                                    Title:      Authorized Signatory             

</EX-10.1>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 fult93016-exhibit311.htm
 SECTION 302 CEO CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 

Exhibit 31.1   Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002  
         I, E. Philip Wenger, certify that:  
           1. 
    I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Fulton Financial Corporation; 
       
           2. 
    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
       
           3. 
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
       
           4. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
       
           a. 
    Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
       
           b. 
    Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
       
           c. 
    Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
       
           d. 
    Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
       
           5. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
       
           a. 
    All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
       
           b. 
    Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
       
                   Date: 
      
    November 4, 2016 

/s/ E. Philip Wenger 

E. Philip Wenger 

Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 fult93016-exhibit312.htm
 SECTION 302 CFO CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 

Exhibit 31.2   Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002  
         I, Patrick S. Barrett, certify that:  
           1. 
    I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Fulton Financial Corporation; 
              2. 
    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
              3. 
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
              4. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
              a. 
    Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
              b. 
    Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
              c. 
    Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
              d. 
    Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
              5. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
              a. 
    All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
              b. 
    Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
       
                   Date: 
      
    November 4, 2016 

/s/ Patrick S. Barrett 

Patrick S. Barrett 

Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 fult93016-exhibit321.htm
 SECTION 906 CEO CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 

Exhibit 32.1 - Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002  
  I, E. Philip Wenger, Chief Executive Officer of Fulton Financial Corporation, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, certify that:  
  The Form 10-Q of Fulton Financial Corporation, containing the consolidated financial statements for the quarter ended   September 30, 2016  , fully complies with the requirements of Sections 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. The information contained in the Form 10-Q fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of Fulton Financial Corporation.  
                   Date: 
      
    November 4, 2016 

/s/ E. Philip Wenger 

E. Philip Wenger 

Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 6
 fult93016-exhibit322.htm
 SECTION 906 CFO CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 

Exhibit 32.2 - Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002  
  I, Patrick S. Barrett, Chief Financial Officer of Fulton Financial Corporation, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, certify that:  
  The Form 10-Q of Fulton Financial Corporation, containing the consolidated financial statements for the quarter ended   September 30, 2016  , fully complies with the requirements of Sections 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. The information contained in the Form 10-Q fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of Fulton Financial Corporation.  
                   Date: 
      
    November 4, 2016 

/s/ Patrick S. Barrett 

Patrick S. Barrett 

Senior Executive Vice President and 

Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 7
 fult-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 fult-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 9
 fult-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 fult-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 fult-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 fult-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

