<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161121_10-Q_edgar_data_859222_0001558370-16-010203_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>28169708</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>189333</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>598037</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>9965648</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>10600831</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>4454384</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>64</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001558370-16-010203.hdr.sgml : 20161121
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161121154824
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001558370-16-010203
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		98
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161121
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161121

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			BAY BANCORP, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000859222
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	STATE COMMERCIAL BANKS [6022]
		IRS NUMBER:				521660951
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MD
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-23090
		FILM NUMBER:		162010307

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		7151 COLUMBIA GATEWAY
		STREET 2:		SUITE A
		CITY:			COLUMBIA
		STATE:			MD
		ZIP:			21046
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(410) 312-5400

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		7151 COLUMBIA GATEWAY
		STREET 2:		SUITE A
		CITY:			COLUMBIA
		STATE:			MD
		ZIP:			21046

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	CARROLLTON BANCORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19931228

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001558370-16-010203.txt : 20161121

10-Q
 1
 bybk-20160930x10q.htm
 10-Q

bybk_Current_Folio_10Q

Table of Contents  

United States Securities and Exchange Commission 

Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 10-Q 

QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016 

or 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from _____to _____ 

Commission file number     0-23090 

BAY BANCORP, INC. 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

MARYLAND  

52-1660951  

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization)  

(IRS Employer Identification No.)  

7151 Columbia Gateway Drive, Suite A, Columbia, Maryland 21046 

(Address of principal executive offices)                (Zip Code) 

Registrant s telephone number, including area code   (410) 494-2580 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:   

Title of Each Class  

Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered  :  

Common Stock, par value $1.00 per share  

NASDAQ Capital Market  

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.     Yes   No   

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (   232.405     of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).   Yes   No   

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. (See definition of  accelerated filer ,  large accelerated filer , and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).  (check one):    Large accelerated filer    Accelerated filer        Non-accelerated filer    Smaller reporting company   

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the     Act). Yes   No   

Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the issuer s classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date:  At November 15, 2016, the number of shares outstanding of the registrant s common stock was 10,369,762. 

Table of Contents  

BAY BANCORP, INC. 

TABLE OF CONTE  NTS 

PART I.  

FINANCIAL INFORMATION  

PAGE  

Item 1.  

Financial Statements  

Consolidated Balance Sheets at September 30, 2016 (unaudited) and December 31, 2015   

3 

Consolidated Statements of Income for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 (unaudited)   

4 

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 (unaudited)   

5 

Consolidated Statements of Stockholders  Equity for the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 (unaudited)   

6 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 (unaudited)   

7 

Notes to Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements   

8 

Item 2 .  

Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations   

43 

Item 3 .  

Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk   

66 

Item 4.      

Controls and Procedures   

66 

PART II      

OTHER INFORMATION   

67 

Item 1.      

Legal Proceedings   

67 

Item 1A .  

Risk Factors   

67 

Item 2 .  

Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds   

67 

Item 3.      

Defaults Upon Senior Securities   

67 

Item 4.      

Mine Safety Disclosures   

68 

Item 5.      

Other Information   

68 

Item 6.      

Exhibits   

68 

Table of Contents  

BAY BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY  

CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS   

See accompanying notes to unaudited consolidated financial statements. 

3 

Table of Contents  

BAY BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY  

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME   

(unaudited) 

See accompanying notes to unaudited consolidated financial statements 

4 

Table of Contents  

BAY BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME    

(unaudited) 

See accompanying notes to unaudited consolidated financial statements 

5 

Table of Contents  

BAY BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS  EQUITY   

For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 (unaudited) 

See accompanying notes to unaudited consolidated financial statements 

6 

Table of Contents  

BAY BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS   

(unaudited) 

See accompanying notes to unaudited consolidated financial statements 

7 

Table of Contents  

NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT  S   

NOTE 1   ORGANIZATIONAL 

Nature of Business 

Bay Bancorp, Inc. is a savings and loan holding company.  Through its subsidiary, Bay Bank, FSB (the  Bank ), a federal savings bank (an  FSB ), Bay   Bancorp, Inc. serves the community with a network of 12 branches strategically located throughout the Baltimore Metropolitan Statistical Area,   particularly Baltimore City and the Maryland counties of Baltimore, Anne Arundel, Howard, and Harford, as well as south along the Baltimore-Washington corridor with an expanded focus on Prince George s County and Montgomery County.  The Bank serves local consumers, small and medium size businesses, professionals and other valued customers by offering a broad suite of financial products and services, including on-line and mobile banking, commercial banking, cash management, mortgage lending and retail banking.  The Bank funds a variety of loan types including commercial and residential real estate loans, commercial term loans and lines of credit, consumer loans and letters of credit. 

As used in these notes, the term  the Company  refers to Bay Bancorp, Inc. and, unless the context clearly requires otherwise, its consolidated subsidiaries.  

NOTE 2   BASIS OF PRESENTATION 

The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Bay   Bancorp, Inc.  , the Bank   and the Bank s consolidated subsidiaries.  All significant intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation.  The investment in subsidiary is recorded on Bay Bancorp s books on the basis of its equity in the net assets of the Bank.  

The Company has an investment in a reverse home loan mortgage brokerage firm named iReverse Home Loan, Inc. ( iReverse ).  The Company owns 51% of iReverse and reports its non-controlling interest in iReverse separately in the consolidated balance sheet.  The Company reports the income of iReverse attributable to the Company on the consolidate statement of income. 

In management s opinion, the accompanying unaudited consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ( U.S. GAAP ) for interim period reporting, reflect all adjustments, consisting of only normal recurring adjustments, necessary for a fair presentation of the financial position at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the results of operations for the three- and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, and the statements of cash flows for the nine-month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015.  The results of the three- and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2016 are not necessarily indicative of the results that may be expected for the full year ending December 31, 2016 or any future interim period.  The condensed consolidated balance sheet at December 31, 2015 has been derived from the audited financial statements included in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the  SEC ) on March 30, 2016.  The unaudited consolidated financial statements for September 30, 2016 and 2015, the condensed consolidated balance sheet at December 31, 2015, and accompanying notes should be read in conjunction with the Company s audited consolidated financial statements and the accompanying notes thereto that are included in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015. 

Use of Estimates 

The preparation of financial statements requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period.  Actual results could differ materially from those estimates. 

Material estimates that are particularly susceptible to significant change in the near term include the determination of the allowance for loan losses (the  allowance ); the fair value of financial instruments, such as loans, investment securities, and derivatives; measurement and assessment of intangible assets and other purchase accounting   

8 

Table of Contents  

related adjustments; benefit plan obligations and expenses; the valuation of deferred tax assets; real estate acquired through foreclosure; and the estimate of expected cash flows for loans acquired with deteriorated credit quality. 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements and Developments 

In May 2014, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (the  FASB ) issued Accounting Standards Update (   ASU ) 2014-09, Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606), which will supersede the revenue recognition requirements in Accounting Standards Codification ( ASC ) Topic 605, Revenue Recognition, and most industry-specific revenue recognition guidance throughout the ASC.  The amendments in this update affect any entity that either enters into contracts with customers to transfer goods or services or enters into contracts for the transfer of non-financial assets unless those contracts, including leases and insurance contracts, are within the scope of other standards.  The amendments establish a core principle requiring the recognition of revenue to depict the transfer of goods or services to customers in an amount reflecting the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for such goods or services.  The amendments also require expanded disclosures concerning the nature, amount, timing and uncertainty of revenues and cash flows arising from contracts with customers.  In August 2015, the FASB deferred the effective date by one year from the date in the original guidance.  The guidance is effective for fiscal years and interim periods beginning after December 15, 2018.  The Company s adoption of this item is not expected to have a material impact on its results of operations or financial condition. 

In January 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-01, Recognition and Measurement of Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities, which amended guidance related to recognition and measurement of financial assets and liabilities.  The amended guidance requires that equity investments (excluding those accounted for under the equity method of accounting or those that result in consolidation of the investee) to be measured at fair value with changes in fair value recognized in net income.  An entity can elect to measure equity investments that do not have readily determinable fair values at cost less impairment, plus or minus changes resulting from observable price changes in orderly transactions for the identical or similar investment of the same issuer.  The impairment assessment of equity investments without readily determinable fair values is simplified by requiring a qualitative assessment to identify impairment.  When a qualitative assessment indicates impairment exists, an entity is required to measure the investment at fair value.  The guidance eliminates the requirement for public business entities to disclose the method and significant assumptions used to estimate the fair value that is required to be disclosed for financial instruments measured at amortized cost on the balance sheet.  Further, the guidance requires public entities to use the exit price when measuring the fair value of financial instruments for disclosure purposes.  The guidance also requires an entity to present separately in other comprehensive income, a change in the instrument-specific credit risk when the entity has elected to measure a liability at fair value in accordance with the fair value option.  Separate presentation of financial assets and financial liabilities by measurement category and type of instrument on the balance sheet or accompanying notes to the financial statements is required.  The guidance also clarifies that an entity should evaluate the need for a valuation allowance on a deferred tax asset related to available-for-sale securities in combination with the entity s other deferred tax assets.  This guidance is effective for annual periods and interim periods within those annual periods beginning after December 15, 2017.  The Company is currently evaluating the impact that this guidance could have on its consolidated financial statements.  

In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-02, Leases.  From the lessee s perspective, the new standard establishes a right-of-use (ROU) model that requires a lessee to record a ROU asset and a lease liability on the balance sheet for all leases with terms longer than 12 months.  Leases will be classified as either finance or operating, with classification affecting the pattern of expense recognition in the income statement for a lessees.  From the lessor s perspective, the new standard requires a lessor to classify leases as either sales-type, finance or operating.  A lease will be treated as a sale if it transfers all of the risks and rewards, as well as control of the underlying asset, to the lessee.  If risks and rewards are conveyed without the transfer of control, the lease is treated as a financing lease.  If the lessor does not convey risks and rewards or control, an operating lease results.  The new standard is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018, including interim periods within those fiscal years.  A modified retrospective transition approach is required for lessees for capital and operating leases existing at, or entered into after, the beginning of the earliest comparative period presented in the financial statements, with certain practical expedients available.  A modified retrospective transition approach is required for lessors for sales-type, direct financing, and operating leases existing at, or entered into after, the beginning of the earliest comparative period presented in the financial statements,   

9 

Table of Contents  

with certain practical expedients available.  The Company is currently evaluating the impact that the adoption of this guidance could have on its consolidated financial statements.   

In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-09, Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting.  ASU 2016-09 includes provisions intended to simplify various aspects related to how share-based payments are accounted for and presented in the financial statements.  Under ASU 2016-09, companies will no longer record excess tax benefits and certain tax deficiencies in additional paid-in capital ( APIC ).  Instead, they will record all excess tax benefits and tax deficiencies as income tax expense or benefit in the income statement, and APIC pools will be eliminated.  ASU 2016-09 also eliminates the requirement that excess tax benefits be realized before companies can recognize them.  In addition, the guidance requires companies to present excess tax benefits as an operating activity on the statement of cash flows rather than as a financing activity; ASU 2016-09 increases     the amount an employer can withhold to cover income taxes on awards and still qualify for the exception to liability classification for shares used to satisfy the   employer s statutory income tax withholding obligation.  The new guidance will also require an employer to classify the cash paid to a tax authority when shares are withheld to satisfy its statutory income tax withholding obligation as a financing activity on its statement of cash flows (current guidance did not specify how these cash flows should be classified).  ASU 2016-09 permits     companies to make an accounting policy election for the impact of forfeitures on the recognition of expense for share-based payment awards.  Forfeitures can be estimated, as required today, or recognized when they occur.  This guidance     is effective for interim and annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2016.  Early adoption is permitted, but all of the guidance must be adopted in the same period.  The Company is currently evaluating the provisions of ASU 2016-09 to determine the potential impact that these new standards will have on the Company's consolidated financial statements. 

In June 2016, FASB issued ASU No. 2016-13 Financial Instruments-Credit Losses (Topic 326).  The ASU improves financial reporting by requiring timelier recording of credit losses on loans and other financial instruments held by the Company.  The ASU requires the Company to measure all expected credit losses for financial assets held at the reporting date based on historical experience, current conditions, and reasonable and supportable forecasts.  Many of the loss estimation techniques applied today will still be permitted, although the inputs to those techniques will change to reflect the full amount of expected credit losses.  The Company will continue to use judgment to determine which loss estimation method is appropriate for their circumstances.  The ASU requires enhanced disclosures to help investors and other financial statement users better understand significant estimates and judgments used in estimating credit losses, as well as the credit quality and underwriting standards of an organization's portfolio. These disclosures include qualitative and quantitative requirements that provide additional information about the amounts recorded in the financial statements.  Additionally, the ASU amends the accounting for credit losses on available-for-sale debt securities and purchased financial assets with credit deterioration.  The ASU will take effect for fiscal years, and interim periods within those fiscal years, beginning after December 15, 2019.  Early application will be permitted for fiscal years, and interim periods within those fiscal years, beginning after December 15, 2018.  The Company is in the process of determining the effect of the ASU on its consolidated balance sheets and consolidated statements of operations. 

In August 2016, FASB issued ASU No. 2016-15, Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 230):  Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments.  This ASU addresses the appropriate classification of eight specific cash flow issues on the cash flow statement.  Debt prepayment costs should be classified as an outflow for financing activities.  Settlement of zero-coupon debt instruments divides the interest portion as an outflow for operating activities and the principal portion as an outflow for financing activities.  Contingent consideration payments made after a business combination should be classified as outflows for financing and operating activities.  Proceeds from the settlement of bank-owned life insurance policies should be classified as inflows from investing activities.  Other specific areas are identified in the ASU as to the appropriate classification of the cash inflows or outflows.  The amendments in this ASU are effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017, including interim periods within those fiscal years.  Early adoption is permitted and must be applied using a retrospective transition method to each period presented.  The Company does not expect this ASU to have a material impact on the Company s consolidated financial statements. 

10 

Table of Contents  

NOTE 3   BUSINESS COMBINATION 

The Company has accounted for the Hopkins Merger (defined below) under the acquisition     method of accounting in accordance with ASC Topic 805, Business Combinations, whereby the acquired net assets and assumed liabilities were recorded by the Company at their estimated fair values as of their acquisition date.  Fair value estimates were based on management s assessment of the best information available as of the acquisition date. 

In accordance with the framework established by ASC Topic 820,  Fair Value Measurements and Disclosure,  the Company used a fair value hierarchy to prioritize the information used to develop assumptions to calculate estimates in determining fair values.  These fair value hierarchies are discussed in Note 16. 

Hopkins Merger 

On   July   8, 2016, the Company consummated its merger with Hopkins Bancorp, Inc. ( Hopkin ), with the Company as the surviving corporation, and the related merger of Hopkins Federal Savings Bank ( Hopkins Bank ), the wholly-owned federal savings bank subsidiary of Hopkins, with and into the Bank, with the Bank as the surviving federal savings bank (the  Hopkins Merger ).  

The Hopkins Merger was consummated pursuant to an Agreement and Plan of Merger Agreement, dated as of December 18, 2015 and amended on February 1, 2016, among the Company, Hopkins and Alvin M. Lapidus (the  Merger Agreement ).  Pursuant to the terms of the Merger Agreement, the Company acquired all of the outstanding shares of Hopkins common stock for cash in an amount equal to 105% of Hopkins  tangible book value at June 30, 2016 (the  Merger Consideration ) after giving effect to (i) Hopkins  payment of its transaction-related expenses, (ii) $389,808 in cash bonuses that Hopkins paid to certain employees of Hopkins Bank, and (iii) a $16.0 million cash dividend that was paid by Hopkins to its stockholders.  Based on the foregoing, the amount of the Merger Consideration was $23,855,141.  The Company held no equity interest in the Hopkins prior to the Hopkins Merger.   

Upon the closing of the Hopkins Merger, each outstanding share of Hopkins common stock was converted into the right to receive cash in an amount of $98.7578, which was determined by dividing the Merger Consideration by 241,552, the number of issued and outstanding shares of Hopkins common stock as of the closing of the Hopkins Merger. 

A valuation of the acquired loans, deposits and core deposit intangible was performed with the assistance of a third-party consultant.  The following table presents the allocation of the consideration paid for the acquired assets and assumed liabilities in the Hopkins Merger as of the acquisition date.  The allocation resulted in an after-tax bargain purchase gain of $626,363. 

11 

Table of Contents  

In many cases, determining the fair value of the acquired assets and assumed liabilities requires the Company to estimate cash flows expected to result from those assets and liabilities and to discount those cash flows at appropriate rates of interest.  The Company is still obtaining final information on these values and adjustments could still be made during the measurement period.  The most significant of these determinations related to the valuation of acquired loans.   

The following is a summary of the loans acquired in the Hopkins Merger: 

In connection with the Hopkins Merger, the Company incurred acquisition related expenses.  These expenses were primarily related to professional services, system conversions and integration of operations, termination of existing contractual arrangements to purchase various services, initial marketing and promotion expenses designed to introduce the Bank to the former   Hopkins Bank   customers, and other costs of completing the transaction.  For the three- and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2016, there were $1,519,840 and 1,708,892 acquisition related costs incurred.   

Pro Forma Condensed Combined Financial Information 

The following pro forma information combines the historical results of the Company and pre-merger Hopkins.  The pro forma financial information does not include the potential impacts of possible business model changes, current market conditions, revenue enhancements, expense efficiencies, or other factors.  The pro forma results exclude the impact of the bargain purchase gain of $1,034,456 and Hopkins Merger-related expenses of $1,708,892.  While adjustments were made for the estimated impact of certain fair value adjustments, the following results are not indicative of what would have occurred had the Hopkins Merger taken place on indicated dates. 

If the Hopkins Merger had been completed on January 1, 2016, total revenue would have been approximately $8.5   million and $23.0 million, respectively, for the three- and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2016.  Net income would have been approximately $1.2 million and $1.6 million, respectively, for the same periods.  Basic and diluted earnings per share would have been $0.11 and $0.15 for the three- and nine-months periods ended September 30, 2016, respectively. 

12 

Table of Contents  

If the Hopkins Merger had been completed on January 1, 2015, total revenue would have been approximately $8.2   million and $24.6 million, respectively, for the three- and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2015.  Net income would have been approximately $1.3 million and $2.8 million, respectively, for the same periods.  Basic and diluted earnings per share would have been $0.12 and $0.25 for the three-and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2015, respectively. 

The disclosure of Hopkins  post-Hopkins Merger total revenue, net of interest expense, and net income is not practicable due to the integration of operations shortly after the Hopkins Merger. 

Merger-Related Expenses 

A summary of the Hopkins Merger related expenses included in the consolidated statements of income follows: 

NOTE 4   INVESTMENT SECURITIES  

Investment securities are accounted for according to their purpose and holding period.  Trading securities are those that are bought and held principally for the purpose of selling them in the near term.  The Company held no trading securities at September 30, 2016 or December 31, 2015.  Available-for-sale investment securities, comprised of debt and mortgage-backed securities, are those that may be sold before maturity due to changes in the Company's interest rate risk profile or funding needs, and are reported at fair value with unrealized gains and losses, net of taxes, reported as a component of other comprehensive income.  Held-to-maturity investment securities, comprised of debt and mortgage-backed securities, are those that management has the positive intent and ability to hold to maturity and are reported at amortized cost.  

Realized gains and losses are recorded in noninterest income and are determined on a trade date basis using the specific identification method.  Interest and dividends on investment securities are recognized in interest income on an accrual basis.  Premiums and discounts are amortized or accreted into interest income using the interest method over the expected lives of the individual securities.  

13 

Table of Contents  

The following table summarizes the amortized cost and estimated fair value of the Company s investment securities portfolio at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015: 

14 

Table of Contents  

The following table provides information about securities with unrealized losses segregated by length of impairment at September 30, 2016: 

The following table provides information about securities with unrealized losses segregated by length of impairment at December 31, 2015: 

At September 30, 2016, unrealized losses in the Company s portfolio of debt securities of $50,643 in the aggregate were related to 22 securities and caused by increases in market interest rates, spread volatility, or other factors that management deems to be temporary.  Since management believes that it is more likely than not that the Company will not be required to sell these securities prior to maturity or a full recovery of the amortized cost, the Company does not consider these securities to be other-than-temporarily impaired. 

At September 30, 2016, unrealized losses in the Company s portfolio of equity securities of $25,180 was related to one security and considered temporary.  Since management believes that it is more likely than not that the Company will not be required to sell these equity positions for a reasonable period of time sufficient for recovery of fair value, the Company does not consider these equity securities to be other-than-temporarily impaired. 

At December 31, 2015, unrealized losses in the Company s portfolio of debt securities of $136,516 in the aggregate were related to 15 securities and caused by increases in market interest rates, spread volatility, or other factors that management deems to be temporary.  Since management believes that it is more likely than not that the Company will not be required to sell these securities prior to maturity or a full recovery of the amortized cost, the Company does not consider these securities to be other-than-temporarily impaired. 

At December 31, 2015, unrealized losses in the Company s portfolio of equity securities of $22,217 were related to one security and considered temporary.  Since management believes that it is more likely than not that the Company will not be required to sell these equity positions for a reasonable period of time sufficient for recovery of fair value, the Company does not consider these equity securities to be other-than-temporarily impaired. 

15 

Table of Contents  

At September 30, 2016, the outstanding balance of no single issuer exceeded 10% of stockholders  equity.  At December 31, 2015, the outstanding balance of no single issuer exceeded 10% of stockholders  equity. 

No investment securities held by the Company at September 30, 2016 or December 31, 2015 were subject to a write-down due to credit related other-than-temporary impairment.  

Contractual maturities of debt securities at September 30, 2016 are shown below.  Actual maturities may differ from contractual maturities because borrowers have the right to call or prepay obligations with or without call or prepayment penalties. 

The Company s residential mortgage-backed securities portfolio is presented as a separate line within the maturity table, since borrowers have the right to prepay obligations without prepayment penalties. 

For the three- and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2016, there were 33 and 44 sales and other redemptions of investment securities available for sale, respectively, resulting in net gains of $0 and $486,534, respectively.  For the three-month period ended September 30, 2015 there was two redemptions of investment securities available for sale resulting in net gains of $119,477.  For the nine-month period ended September 30, 2015 there was three redemptions of investment securities available for sale resulting in net gain of $196,967. 

At September 30, 2016, securities with an amortized cost of $10,829,310 (fair value of $11,285,221 were pledged as collateral for potential borrowings from the Federal Home Loan Bank of Atlanta (the  FHLB ) and the Federal Reserve Bank of Richmond (the  Reserve Bank ).  At December 31, 2015, securities with an amortized cost of $12,391,059 (fair value of $12,654,624) were pledged as collateral for potential borrowings from the FHLB of Atlanta and the Federal Reserve Bank  . 

16 

Table of Contents  

NOTE 5   LOANS AND ALLOWANCE FOR LOAN LOSSES 

The fundamental lending business of the Company is based on understanding, measuring, and controlling the credit risk inherent in the loan portfolio.  The Company's loan portfolio is subject to varying degrees of credit risk.  These risks entail both general risks, which are inherent in the lending process, and risks specific to individual borrowers.  The Company's credit risk is mitigated through portfolio diversification, which limits exposure to any single customer, industry or collateral type.  The loan portfolio segment balances are presented in the following table: 

At September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, loans not considered to have deteriorated credit quality at acquisition had a total remaining unamortized discount of $4,016,112 and $3,949,215, respectively, and carrying values of $198,734,332 and $164,609,742, respectively. 

Portfolio Segments: 

The Company currently manages its credit products and the respective exposure to loan losses by the following specific portfolio segments, which are aggregation levels at which the Company develops and documents its systematic methodology to determine the allowance for loan losses.  The Company considers each loan type to be a portfolio segment having unique risk characteristics. 

Commercial   Industrial 

Commercial   Industrial ( C I ) loans are made to provide funds for equipment and general corporate needs.  Repayment of these loans primarily uses the funds obtained from the operation of the borrower's business.  C I loans also include lines of credit that are utilized to finance a borrower's short-term credit needs and/or to finance a percentage of eligible receivables or inventory.  Of primary concern in C I lending is the borrower's creditworthiness and ability to successfully generate sufficient cash flow from their business to service the debt. 

Commercial Real Estate 

Commercial Real Estate loans are bifurcated into Investor and Owner Occupied types (classes).  Commercial Real Estate -   Investor loans consist of loans secured by non-owner occupied properties and involve   investment properties for warehouse, retail, apartment, and office space with a history of occupancy and cash flow.  This commercial real estate class includes mortgage loans to the developers and owners of commercial real estate where the borrower intends to operate or sell the property at a profit and use the income stream or proceeds from the sale(s) to repay the loan.  Commercial Real Estate - Owner Occupied loans consist of commercial mortgage loans secured by owner occupied properties and involves a variety of property types to conduct the borrower's operations.  The primary source of repayment for this type of loan is the cash flow from the business and is based upon the borrower's financial health and the ability of the borrower and the business to repay.  At September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, Commercial Real Estate   Investor loans had a total balance of $131,721,316 and $111,871,251, respectively.  At September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, Commercial Real Estate   Owner Occupied loans had a total balance of $68,450,708 and $56,697,908, respectively. 

17 

Table of Contents  

Residential Real Estate 

Residential Real Estate loans are bifurcated into Investor and Owner Occupied types (classes).  Residential Real Estate -Investor loans consist of loans secured by non-owner occupied residential properties and usually carry higher credit risk than Residential Real Estate   Owner Occupied loans due to their reliance on stable rental income and due to a lower incentive for the borrower to avoid foreclosure.  Payments on loans secured by rental properties often depend on the successful operation and management of the properties and the payment of rent by tenants.  At September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, Residential Real Estate   Investor loans had a total balance of $45,647,824 and $39,410,230, respectively.  At September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, Residential Real Estate   Owner Occupied loans had a total balance of $109,605,579 and $85,400,623, respectively. 

Home Equity Line of Credit    

Home Equity Lines of Credit ( HELOCs ) are a form of revolving credit in which a borrower's primary residence serves as collateral.  Borrowers use HELOCs primarily for education, home improvements, and other significant personal expenditures.  The borrower will be approved for a specific credit limit set at a percentage of the home's appraised value less the balance owed on the existing first mortgage.  Major risks in HELOC lending include the borrower's ability to service the existing first mortgage plus proposed HELOC, the Company's ability to pursue collection in a second lien position upon default, and overall risks in fluctuation in the value of the underlying collateral property. 

Land 

Land loans are secured by underlying properties that usually consist of tracts of undeveloped land that do not produce income.  These loans carry the risk that there will be inadequate demand to ensure the sale of the property within an acceptable time.  As a result, land loans carry the risk that the builder will have to pay the property taxes and other carrying costs of the property until an end buyer is found. 

Construction 

Construction loans, which include land development loans, are generally considered to involve a higher degree of credit risk than long-term financing on improved, occupied real estate.  Risk of loss on a construction loan depends largely upon the accuracy of the initial estimate of the property's value at completion of construction and estimated costs of construction, as well as the property s ability to attract and retain tenants.  Loan funds are disbursed periodically as pre-specified stages of completion are attained based upon site inspections.  If the Company is forced to foreclose on a building before or at completion due to a default, it may be unable to recover all of the unpaid balance of and accrued interest on the loan as well as related foreclosure and holding costs. 

Consumer   Other 

Consumer   Other loans include installment loans, personal lines of credit, and automobile loans.  Payment on these loans often depends on the borrower's creditworthiness and ability to generate sufficient cash flow to service the debt.  

Allowance for Loan Losses  

To control and monitor credit risk, management has an internal credit process in place to determine whether credit standards are maintained along with in-house loan administration accompanied by oversight and review procedures.  The primary purpose of loan underwriting is the evaluation of specific lending risks that involves the analysis of the borrower's ability to service the debt as well as the assessment of the underlying collateral.  Oversight and review procedures include the monitoring of the portfolio credit quality, early identification of potential problem credits and the management of the problem credits.  As part of the oversight and review process, the Company maintains an allowance for loan losses to absorb estimated and probable losses inherent in the loan portfolio.   

18 

Table of Contents  

For purposes of calculating the allowance, the Company segregates its loan portfolio into segments based primarily on the type of supporting collateral.  The Commercial Real Estate and Residential Real Estate segments, which both exclude any collateral property currently under construction, are further disaggregated into Owner Occupied and Investor classes for each.  Further, all segments are also segregated as either purchased credit impaired loans, purchased loans not deemed impaired, troubled debt restructurings, or new originations. 

The analysis for determining the allowance is consistent with guidance set forth in U.S. GAAP and the Interagency Policy Statement on the Allowance for Loan and Lease Losses.  Pursuant to Company policy, the allowance is evaluated quarterly by management and is based upon management's review of the collectability of loans in light of historical experience, the nature and volume of the loan portfolio, adverse situations that may affect the borrowers' ability to repay, estimated value of any underlying collateral and prevailing economic conditions.  The allowance consists of specific and general reserves.  The specific reserves relate to loans classified as impaired consisting primarily of nonaccrual loans, troubled debt restructurings, and purchased credit impaired loans where cash flows have deteriorated from those forecasted as of the acquisition date.  The reserve for these loans is established when the discounted cash flows, collateral value, or observable market price, whichever is appropriate, of the impaired loan is lower than the carrying value.  For impaired loans, any measured impairment is charged-off against the loan and allowance for those loans that are collateral dependent in the applicable reporting period.  

The general reserve covers loans that are not classified as impaired and primarily includes purchased loans not deemed impaired and new loan originations.  The general reserve requirement is based on historical loss experience and several qualitative factors derived from economic and market conditions that have been determined to have an effect on the probability and magnitude of a loss.  Since the Company does not have its own sufficient loss experience, management also references the historical net charge-off experience of peer groups to determine a reasonable range of reserve values, which is permissible per Company policy.  The peer groups consist of competing Maryland-based financial institutions with established ranges in total asset size.  Management will continue to evaluate the appropriateness of the peer group data used with each quarterly allowance analysis until such time that the Company has sufficient loss experience to provide a foundation for the general reserve requirement.  The qualitative analysis incorporates global environmental factors in the following trends:  national and local economic metrics; portfolio risk ratings and composition; and concentrations in credit. 

The following table provides information on the activity in the allowance for loan losses by the respective loan portfolio segment for the three- and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2016: 

19 

Table of Contents  

The following table presents loans and the related allowance for loan losses, by loan portfolio segment, at September 30, 2016:  

(1)  Includes loans acquired with deteriorated credit quality of $143,590 that have current period charge offs. 

The following table provides information on the activity in the allowance for loan losses by the respective loan portfolio segment for the three- and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2015: 

20 

Table of Contents  

The following table presents loans and the related allowance for loan losses, by loan portfolio segment, at December 31, 2015: 

(1) Includes loans acquired with deteriorated credit quality of $104,460 that have current period charge-offs. 

21 

Table of Contents  

The following table presents information with respect to impaired loans, which includes loans acquired with deteriorated credit quality that have current period charge-offs, as of September 30, 2016 and for the three- and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2016:  

22 

Table of Contents  

The following table presents information with respect to impaired loans, which includes loans acquired with deteriorated credit quality that have current period charge-offs, as of December 31, 2015 and for the three- and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2015: 

In addition to monitoring the performance status of the loan portfolio, the Company utilizes a risk rating scale (1-8) to evaluate loan asset quality for all loans.  Loans that are rated 1-4 are classified as pass credits.  Loans rated a 5 (Watch) are pass credits, but are loans that have been identified as warranting additional attention and monitoring.  Loans that are risk rated 5 or higher are placed on the Company's monthly watch list.  For the pass rated loans, management believes there is a low risk of loss related to these loans and, as necessary, credit may be strengthened through improved borrower performance and/or additional collateral.  Loans rated a 6 (Special Mention) or higher are considered criticized loans and represent an increased level of credit risk and are placed into these three categories:   

6 (Special Mention) - Borrowers exhibit potential credit weaknesses or downward trends that may weaken the credit position, if uncorrected.  The borrowers are considered marginally acceptable without potential for loss of principal or interest. 

7 (Substandard) - Borrowers have well defined weaknesses or characteristics that present the possibility that the Company will sustain some loss if the deficiencies are not corrected. 

23 

Table of Contents  

8 (Doubtful) - Borrowers classified as doubtful have the same weaknesses found in substandard borrowers; however, these weaknesses indicate that the collection of debt in full (principal and interest), based on current conditions, is highly questionable and improbable. 

In the normal course of loan portfolio management, relationship managers are responsible for continuous assessment of credit risk arising from the individual borrowers within their portfolio and assigning appropriate risk ratings.  Credit Administration is responsible for ensuring the integrity and operation of the risk rating system and maintenance of the watch list.  The Officer's Loan Committee meets monthly to discuss and monitor problem credits and internal risk rating downgrades that result in updates to the watch list. 

The following table provides information with respect to the Company's credit quality indicators by class of the loan portfolio as of September 30, 2016: 

The following table provides information with respect to the Company's credit quality indicators by class of the loan portfolio as of December 31, 2015: 

Management further monitors the performance and credit quality of the loan portfolio by analyzing the age of the portfolio as determined by the length of time a payment is past due. 

24 

Table of Contents  

The following table presents the classes of the loan portfolio summarized by the aging categories of performing loans and nonaccrual loans as of September 30, 2016.  Purchased credit impaired ( PCI ) loans are excluded from this aging and nonaccrual loans schedule. 

The following table presents the classes of the loan portfolio summarized by the aging categories of performing loans and nonaccrual loans as of December 31, 2015.  PCI loans are excluded from this aging and nonaccrual loans schedule. 

Troubled Debt Restructurings 

The restructuring of a loan constitutes a   troubled debt restructuring, or   TDR, if the creditor, for economic or legal reasons related to the debtor s financial difficulties, grants a concession to the debtor that it would not otherwise consider in the normal course of business.  A concession may include an extension of repayment terms which would not normally be granted, a reduction of interest rate or the forgiveness of principal and/or accrued interest.  If the debtor is experiencing financial difficulty and the creditor has granted a concession, the Company will make the necessary disclosures related to the TDR.  In certain cases, a modification may be made in an effort to retain a customer who is not experiencing financial difficulty.  This type of modification is not considered to be a TDR.  Once a loan has been modified and is considered a TDR, it is reported as an impaired loan.  All TDRs are evaluated individually for impairment on a quarterly basis as part of the allowance for credit losses calculation.  A specific allowance for TDR loans is established when the discounted cash flows, collateral value or observable market price, whichever is   

25 

Table of Contents  

appropriate, of the TDR is lower than the carrying value.  If a loan deemed a TDR has performed for at least a six-month period at the level prescribed by the modification, it is not considered to be non-performing; however, it will generally continue to be reported as impaired, but may be returned to accrual status.  A TDR is deemed in default on its modified terms once a contractual payment is 30 or more days past due. 

The following table presents a breakdown of loans that the Company modified during the three- and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015: 

For the nine-month period ended September 30, 2016, there were three loans modified as a TDR.  The restructuring of a Residential Real Estate - Investor loan extended the maturity date by three years, lowered the interest rate by 4.75% to 3.00%, lowered the monthly payment and added past due interest to the principal balance.  The restructuring of a Residential Real Estate - Owner Occupied loan extended the loan by 13 years with a fixed rate 20-year term and added fees and past due interest to the principal balance.  The restructuring of a Residential Real Estate - Owner Occupied loan lowered the monthly payment to interest and escrow only for 11 months, one month payment deferment, and extended the maturity date by one month. 

For the nine months ended September 30, 2015, there were six loans modified as TDRs.  The restructuring of a C I loan consolidated two loans into one and termed out the remaining balance over 7 years at an interest rate lower than the current rate for new debt with similar risk.  This C I TDR was on nonaccrual status at September 30, 2015.  The restructuring of a Commercial Real Estate   Investor loan deferred all payments of principal and interest until the sale of the existing collateral as well as additional collateral that was provided.  This Commercial Real Estate   Investor loan was on nonaccrual status at September 30, 2015.  The restructuring of the Residential Real Estate   Investor loan termed out the balance owed over 7 years with a forgiveness of debt at the end of the term, if all payments are made as agreed.  This Residential Real Estate   Investor loan was on nonaccrual status at September 30, 2015.  The restructuring of a HELOC loan reduced payments for six months equal to approximately 50% of the current payment while the borrower sells the property.  This HELOC loan was on accrual status at September 30, 2015.  The restructuring of this Residential Real Estate - Investor loan extends the maturity date for one year to allow the borrower a period to correct cash flow impairments.  This Residential Real Estate - Investor loan was on accrual status at September 30, 2015. 

None of the loans modified as a TDR during the previous 12 months were in default of their modified terms at September 30, 2016.  At September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the Bank had $1,916,034 and $2,030,090, respectively, in loans identified as TDRs of which $1,365,799 and $1,406,179, respectively, were on nonaccrual status.     

26 

Table of Contents  

NOTE 6   ACCOUNTING FOR CERTAIN LOANS ACQUIRED IN A TRANSFER 

Loans purchased with evidence of credit deterioration since origination and for which it is probable that all contractually required payments will not be collected are considered to be credit impaired.  Evidence of credit quality deterioration as of the purchase date may include information such as past due and nonaccrual status, borrower credit scores and recent loan to value percentages.  Purchased credit-impaired loans are initially measured at fair value, which considers estimated future loan losses expected to be incurred over the life of the loan.  Accordingly, an allowance for loan losses related to these loans was not carried over and recorded at the acquisition date.  The Company monitors actual loan cash flows to determine any improvement or deterioration from those forecasted as of the acquisition date. 

The following table reflects the carrying amount of purchased credit impaired loans, which are included in the loan categories in Note 4   Loans and Allowances for Loan Losses: 

The contractual amount outstanding for these loans totaled $36,994,875 and $33,895,849 at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively. 

The following table reflects activity in the accretable discount for loans purchased with evidence of credit deterioration since origination for the three- and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015: 

The following table reflects activity in the allowance for loan losses for loans purchased with evidence of credit deterioration since origination for the three- and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015: 

NOTE 7   REAL ESTATE ACQUIRED THROUGH FORECLOSURE 

The following table reflects activity in real estate acquired through foreclosure for the three- and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. 

27 

Table of Contents  

NOTE 8   CORE DEPOSIT INTANGIBLE ASSETS   

The Company's core deposit intangible assets at September 30, 2016 had a remaining weighted average amortization period of approximately 2.50 years.  The following table presents the changes in the net book value of core deposit intangible assets for the nine-month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015: 

The following table presents the gross carrying amount, accumulated amortization, and net carrying amount of core deposit intangible assets at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015: 

The following table sets forth the future amortization expense for the Company s core deposit intangible assets at September 30, 2016: 

28 

Table of Contents  

NOTE 9   DEPOSITS  

The following table presents the composition of deposits at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015: 

The   following   table sets forth the maturity distribution for the Company s time deposits at September 30, 2016: 

Interest   expense   on deposits for the nine-month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 is as follows: 

The Company s deposits include brokered deposits obtained through the Promontory Interfinancial Network, which consist of Certificate of Deposit Registry Service ( CDARS ) balances included in time deposits, and insured cash sweep service ( ICS ) balances included in money market deposits.  At September 30, 2016, CDARS and ICS deposits were $0.6 million and $11.8 million, respectively.  At December 31, 2015, CDARS and ICS deposits were $0.6 million and $8.7 million, respectively.   

The aggregate amount of time deposit accounts (including certificates of deposits) in denominations that meet or exceed the FDIC insurance limit of $250,000 at September 30, 2016 totaled $16.0     million dollars. 

29 

Table of Contents  

NOTE 10   SHORT-TERM BORROWINGS    

Short-term borrowings   at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015   consisted of the following: 

Interest expense on FHLB advances and Atlantic Community Bankers Bank ( ACBB ) advances for the nine-month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 was $171,246 and $46,954, respectively.  The Company had no long-term borrowings at September 30, 2016 or December 31, 2015  . 

NOTE 11   STOCK-BASED COMPENSATION 

The Jefferson Bancorp, Inc. 2010 Stock Option Plan (the  Jefferson Plan ) was adopted by the   board of directors of Jefferson Bancorp, Inc. ( Jefferson ) in September 2010 and approved by Jefferson s stockholders in April 2011.  The Company assumed the Jefferson Plan and the options outstanding thereunder when Jefferson was merged with and into the Company on April 19, 2013 (the  Jefferson Merger ).  The Jefferson Plan provides for the   granting of incentive stock options intended to comply with the requirements of Section 422 of the Internal Revenue Code and non-qualified stock options.  Options were available for grant to officers, employees and non-employee directors, independent consultants and contractors of Jefferson and its affiliates, including the Bank. 

The Jefferson Plan authorized the issuance of up to 577,642 shares of common stock adjusted for the post-Jefferson merger exchange ratio of 2.2217 and had a term of 10 years.  In general, options granted under the Jefferson Plan have an exercise price equal to 100% of the fair market value of the common stock at the date of the grant and have a 10 year term.  Options relating to a total of 215,506 shares of common stock were outstanding under the Jefferson Plan as of September 30, 2016.  The Jefferson Plan is administered by Bay Bancorp, Inc. s Board of Directors. 

The Carrollton Bancorp 2007 Equity Plan (the  2007 Equity Plan ) was approved at the 2007 annual meeting of the Company s stockholders.  Under the 2007 Equity Plan, 500,000 shares of common stock were reserved for issuance.  Options relating to a total of 190,778 shares of common stock were outstanding under the 2007 Equity Plan as of September 30, 2016. 

The Bay Bancorp, Inc. 2015 Equity Compensation Plan (the  2015 Equity Plan  and, together with the Jefferson Plan and the 2007 Equity Plan, the  Plans ) was approved at the 2015 annual meeting of the Company s stockholders and reserved 100,000 shares of common stock for issuance pursuant to the grant of stock options, stock awards and other equity-based awards.  Options relating to a total of 40,000 shares of common stock were outstanding under the 2015 Equity Plan as of September 30, 2016. 

30 

Table of Contents  

The following table summarizes changes in the Company s stock options outstanding and exercisable for the nine-month period ended September 30, 2016 and as of December 31, 2015. 

Stock-based compensation expense is recognized on a straight-line basis over the vesting period of the stock options and is recorded in noninterest expense.  For the nine-month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, stock-based compensation expense applicable to the Plans was $41,020 and $63,399, respectively.  Unrecognized stock-based compensation expense attributable to non-vested options was $48,677 at September 30, 2016.  This amount is expected to be recognized over a remaining weighted average period of approximately 4.83 years.    

Restricted Stock Awards 

On June 26, 2013, the Company s Board of Directors revised its director compensation policy to provide for an annual grant to each non-employee director of an award of shares of restricted common stock having a fair market value of $10,000 that will vest one year after the date of the grant.  As of December 31, 2015 and September 30, 2016, grants relating to 15,296 shares and 15,968 shares, respectively, of unvested restricted common stock were outstanding.  A total of 15,968 shares of restricted common stock were granted to the eight eligible directors on May 25, 2016.  Total stock-based compensation expense attributable to the shares of restricted common stock was $59,999 and $59,990 for the nine-month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively.  The total unrecognized compensation expense attributable to the shares of restricted common stock was $53,333 as of September 30, 2016. 

The Company has an incentive stock award program (the  Program ) covering substantially all full-time employees.   As of September 30, 2016, 61,796 shares of the Company s common shares have been granted under the Program.   The expense associated with this Program during the three- and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2016 was $75,060 and $82,952, respectively, and during the three- and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2015 was $0. 

NOTE 12   DEFINED BENEFIT PENSION PLAN 

The Carrollton Bank Retirement Income Plan (the  Pension Plan ) provides defined benefits based on years of service and final average salary.  Effective December 31, 2004, all benefit accruals for existing employees were frozen and no new employees were eligible for benefits under the Pension Plan  . 

The components of net periodic pension benefit are as follows: 

31 

Table of Contents  

401(k) Plan 

The Company has a 401(k) profit sharing plan covering substantially all full-time employees.  The Company approved the full discretionary match and disbursed shares of Bay Bancorp, Inc. common stock equal to 50% of a participant s contributions made from July 1, 2015 to December 31, 2015, but capped at 2%.  For the 2016 plan year, matching contributions will be     capped at 3%.  The expense associated with this plan during the three- and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2016 was $52,500 and 147,500, respectively, and during the three- and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2015 was $0. 

NOTE 13   INCOME TAXES 

The differences between the statutory federal income tax rate of 34% and the effective tax rate for the Company are reconciled as follows:  

The effective tax rate for the three- and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2016 was 31.4% and 35.8%, respectively.  The effective tax rate for the three- and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2015 was 38.0% and 38.9%, respectively.  In accordance with FASB ASC 740-270, Accounting for Interim Reporting, the provision for income taxes was recorded at September 30, 2016 and 2015 based on the current estimate of the effective annual rate. 

NOTE 14 - NET INCOME PER COMMON SHARE 

Basic earnings per common share is derived by dividing net income available to common stockholders by the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding during the period and does not include the effect of any potentially dilutive common stock equivalents.  Diluted earnings per share is derived by dividing net income available to common stockholders by the weighted-average number of shares outstanding, adjusted for the dilutive effect of outstanding common stock equivalents.  There is no dilutive effect on earnings per share during a loss period  . 

32 

Table of Contents  

The calculations of net income per common share for the three- and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 are as follows: 

NOTE 15 - COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENT LIABILITIES  

The Company is a party to financial instruments with off-balance sheet risk in the normal course of business.  These financial instruments include loan commitments, unused lines of credit, standby letters of credit and mortgage loan repurchase obligations.  The Company uses these financial instruments to meet the financing needs of its customers and provide the Company a source of fee income.  Financial instruments involve, to varying degrees, elements of credit, interest rate and liquidity risk.  These do not represent unusual risks and management does not anticipate any losses which would have a material effect on the accompanying consolidated financial statements. 

Outstanding loan commitments, lines and letters of credit obligations and mortgage loan repurchase obligations at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015     were as follows: 

Loan commitments and unused lines of credit are agreements to lend to a customer as long as there is no violation of any condition established in the contract.  The Company generally requires collateral to support financial instruments with credit risk on the same basis as it does for on-balance sheet instruments.  The collateral requirement is based on management's credit evaluation of the counter party.  Commitments generally have fixed expiration dates or other termination clauses and may require payment of a fee.  Since many of the commitments are expected to expire without being drawn upon, the total commitment amount does not necessarily represent future cash requirements.  Each customer's creditworthiness is evaluated on a case-by-case basis.  

Standby letters of credit are conditional commitments issued to guarantee the performance of a customer to a third party.  The credit risk involved in issuing letters of credit is essentially the same as that involved in extending loan facilities to customers. 

In the ordinary course of business, the Company has various outstanding contingent liabilities that are not reflected in the accompanying consolidated financial statements.  In the opinion of management, after consulting with   

33 

Table of Contents  

legal counsel, the ultimate disposition of these matters is not expected to have a material adverse effect on the financial condition of the Company.  

The Company originates and sells mortgage loans, primarily to other financial institutions, and provides various representations and warranties related to, among other things, the ownership of the loans, the validity of the liens, the loan selection and origination process, and the compliance to the origination criteria established by the purchasing institution.  In the event of a breach of the Company s representations or warranties, the Company may be obligated to repurchase the loans with identified defects or to indemnify the buyers.    The Company s   contractual obligation arises only when the breach of a representation or warranty is discovered and repurchase is demanded by the purchaser.  The loan balances subject to repurchase were $10.9 million and $2.8 million at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively.  Management does not expect losses resulting from repurchase requests to be material to reported financial results. 

NOTE 16   FAIR VALUE 

The Company uses fair value measurements to record fair value adjustments to certain assets and liabilities and to determine fair value disclosures.  In accordance with FASB ASC Topic 820, Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures, the fair value of a financial instrument is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date.  Fair value is best determined based upon quoted market prices.  However, in many instances, there are no quoted market prices for the Company s various financial instruments.  In cases where quoted market prices are not available, fair values are based on estimates using present value or other valuation techniques.  Those techniques are significantly affected by the assumptions used, including the discount rate and estimates of future cash flows.  Accordingly, the fair value estimates may not be realized in an immediate settlement of the instrument. 

The fair value guidance provides a consistent definition of fair value, which focuses on exit price in an orderly transaction (that is, not a forced liquidation or distressed sale) between market participants at the measurement date under current market conditions.  If there has been a significant decrease in the volume and level of activity for the asset or liability, a change in valuation technique or the use of multiple valuation techniques may be appropriate.  In such instances, determining the price at which willing market participants would transact at the measurement date under current market conditions depends on the facts and circumstances and requires the use of significant judgment.  The fair value is a reasonable point within the range that is most representative of fair value under current market conditions. 

The Fair Value Hierarchy 

In accordance with this guidance, the Company groups its financial assets and financial liabilities generally measured at fair value in three levels, based on the markets in which the assets and liabilities are traded and the reliability of the assumptions used to determine fair value. 

Level 1 - Valuation is based on quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that the reporting entity has the ability to access at the measurement date.  Level 1 assets and liabilities generally include debt and equity securities that are traded in an active exchange market.  Valuations are obtained from readily available pricing sources for market transactions involving identical assets and liabilities. 

Level 2 - Valuation is based on inputs other than quoted prices included in Level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly or indirectly.  The valuation may be based on quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities; quoted prices in markets that are not active; or other inputs that are observable or can be corroborated by observable market data for substantially the full term of the asset or liability. 

Level 3   Valuation is based on unobservable inputs that are supported by little or no market activity and that are significant to the fair value of the assets or liabilities.  Level 3 assets and liabilities include financial instruments whose value is determined using pricing models, discounted cash flow methodologies, or similar techniques, as well as instruments for which determination of fair value requires significant management judgment or estimation. 

34 

Table of Contents  

A financial instrument s categorization within the valuation hierarchy is based upon the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurement.   

Assets Recorded at Fair Value on a Recurring Basis 

The following methods and assumptions were used by the Company to measure certain assets recorded at fair value on a recurring basis in the consolidated financial statements. 

Investment Securities Available for Sale 

The fair value of investment securities available for sale is the market value based on quoted market prices when available (Level 1).  If listed prices or quotes are not available, fair value is based upon quoted market prices for similar assets or, due to the limited market activity of the instrument, externally developed models that use significant observable inputs (Level 2) or externally developed models that use unobservable inputs due to limited or no market activity of the instrument (Level 3).  It includes model pricing, defined as valuing securities based upon their relationship with other benchmark securities and market information from third party sources.  In the absence of current market activity, securities may be evaluated either by reference to similarly situated bonds or based on the liquidation value or restructuring value of the underlying assets.  There were no transfers between Level 1 and Level 2 and no change in valuation techniques used to measure fair value of securities available for sale for the nine-month period ended September 30, 2016. 

The tables below present the recorded amount of assets measured at fair value on a recurring basis as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015: 

35 

Table of Contents  

Assets Recorded at Fair Value on a Nonrecurring Basis 

On a nonrecurring basis, the Company may be required to measure certain assets at fair value in accordance with U.S. GAAP.  These adjustments to fair value usually result from application of lower of cost or fair value accounting or write-downs of individual assets due to impairment.  

The following methods and assumptions were used by the Company to measure certain assets recorded at fair value on a nonrecurring basis in the consolidated financial statements: 

Loans held for sale 

Loans held for sale are recorded at the lower of cost or estimated market value on an aggregate basis.  Market value is determined based on (1) the negotiated selling price to investor or (2) the price secondary markets are currently offering for similar loans using observable market data which is not materially different than cost due to the short duration between origination and sale.  As such, the Company records any fair value adjustments on a nonrecurring basis.  No nonrecurring fair value adjustments were recorded on loans held for sale during the three- and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2016 or the year ended December 31, 2015. 

Impaired Loans 

Loans for which it is probable that payment of principal and interest will not be made in accordance with the contractual terms of the loan are considered impaired.  Once a loan is identified as individually impaired, management measures impairment in accordance with ASC Topic 310, using the present value of expected cash flows, the loan s observable market price, or the fair value of collateral (less estimated selling costs) if the loan is collateral dependent.  A specific allowance for loan loss is then established or a partial charge-off is recorded if the loan is collateral dependent and the loan is classified at a Level 3 in the fair value hierarchy.  Appraised collateral values may be discounted based on management s historical knowledge, changes in market conditions from the time of valuation, and/or management s expertise and knowledge of the borrower s business.  Impaired loans are reviewed and evaluated on at least a quarterly basis for additional impairment and adjusted accordingly, based on the factors identified above.  Valuation techniques are consistent with those applied in prior periods. 

Real Estate Acquired Through Foreclosure 

Real estate acquired through foreclosure or by deed in lieu of foreclosure ( OREO ) is adjusted to fair value upon transfer of the loan to OREO and is classified at Level 3 in the fair value hierarchy.  Subsequently, the OREO is carried at the lower of carrying value or fair value.  The estimated fair value for OREO included in Level 3 is determined by independent market based appraisals and other available market information, less estimated costs to sell, that may be reduced further based on market expectations or an executed sales agreement.  If the fair value of OREO deteriorates subsequent to the period of transfer, the OREO is also classified at a Level 3 in the fair value hierarchy.  Valuation techniques are consistent with those techniques applied in prior periods.   

36 

Table of Contents  

The tables below presents the recorded assets measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015:  

(1) 

Fair value is generally determined through independent appraisals of the underlying collateral, which generally include various level 3 inputs which are not observable.     

(2) 

Appraisals may be adjusted by management for qualitative factors such as estimated selling cost.  The range and weighted average of estimated selling cost and other appraisal adjustments are presented as a percent of the appraisal.     

Fair Value of Financial Instruments 

The Company discloses fair value information about financial instruments, for which it is practicable to estimate the value, whether or not such financial instruments are recognized on the balance sheets.  Fair value is the amount at which a financial instrument could be exchanged in a current transaction between willing parties, other than in a forced sale or liquidation, and is best evidenced by a quoted market price, if one exists. 

Quoted market prices, where available, are shown as estimates of fair market values.  Because no quoted market prices are available for a significant part of the Company's financial instruments, the fair values of such instruments have been derived based on the amount and timing of estimated future cash flows and using market discount rates. 

Present value techniques used in estimating the fair value of many of the Company's financial instruments are significantly affected by the assumptions used.  In that regard, the derived fair value estimates cannot be substantiated by comparison to independent markets and, in many cases, could not be realized in immediate cash settlement of the instrument.  Additionally, the accompanying estimates of fair values are only representative of the fair values of the individual financial assets and liabilities and should not be considered an indication of the fair value of the Company. 

37 

Table of Contents  

The following disclosure of estimated fair values of the Company's financial instruments at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 is made in accordance with the requirements of ASC Topic 820: 

The following methods and assumptions were used to estimate the fair value of each category of financial instruments for which it is practicable to estimate that value: 

Cash and due from banks, federal funds sold and overnight investments.    The carrying amount approximated the fair value. 

Investment securities  .  The fair value of debt securities is based upon quoted prices for similar assets or externally developed models that use significant observable inputs.  The fair value of equity securities is based on quoted market prices.    

Restricted equity securities  .  Since these stocks are restricted as to marketability, the carrying value approximates fair value. 

Loans held for sale.    The carrying amount approximates the fair value.  Loans held for sale are recorded at the lower of cost or estimated market value on an aggregate basis.  Market value is determined based on the price secondary markets are currently offering for similar loans using observable market data which is not materially different than cost due to the short duration between origination and sale. 

Loans.      The fair value of loans, except for purchased credit impaired loans that are collateral-dependent, was estimated by computing the discounted value of estimated cash flows, adjusted for probable credit losses, for pools of loans having similar characteristics.  The discount rate was based upon the current market rate for a similar loan.  The fair value of purchased credit impaired loans that are collateral-dependent was determined based on the estimated fair value of collateral less estimated costs to sell.  Nonperforming loans have an assumed interest rate of 0%. 

Accrued interest receivable and payable.    The carrying amount approximated the fair value of accrued interest, considering the short-term nature of the instrument and its expected collection. 

Deposit liabilities.    The fair value of demand, money market savings and regular savings deposits, which have no stated maturity, were considered equal to their carrying amount, representing the amount payable on demand.  The fair value of time deposits was based upon the discounted value of contractual cash flows at current rates for deposits of similar remaining maturity. 

38 

Table of Contents  

Short-term borrowings.    The carrying amount of fixed rate FHLB advances and ACBB borrowings approximated fair value due to the short-term nature of the instrument.  The carrying amount of variable rate FHLB advances and ACBB borrowings approximated the fair value. 

Off-balance sheet instruments.    The Company charges fees for commitments to extend credit.  Interest rates on loans, for which these commitments are extended, are normally committed for periods of less than one month.  Fees charged on standby letters of credit and other financial guarantees are deemed to be immaterial and these guarantees are expected to be settled at face amount or expire unused.  It is impractical to assign any fair value to these commitments. 

NOTE 17   REGULATORY MATTERS 

The Bank is subject to various regulatory capital requirements administered by federal banking agencies.  Failure to meet minimum capital requirements can initiate certain mandatory and possibly additional   discretionary actions by regulators that, if undertaken, could have a direct material effect on our financial statements.  Under capital adequacy guidelines and the regulatory framework for prompt corrective action, the Bank must meet specific capital guidelines that involve quantitative measures of its assets, liabilities and certain off-balance sheet items as calculated under regulatory accounting practices.  The capital amounts and classification are also subject to qualitative judgments by the regulators about components, risk weightings and other factors.  

In July 2013, federal bank regulatory agencies issued final rules to revise their risk-based capital requirements and the method for calculating risk-weighted assets to make them consistent with agreements that were reached by the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision and certain provisions of the Dodd-Frank Act ( Basel III ).  On January 1, 2015, the Basel III rules became effective and include transition provisions which implement certain portions of the rules through January 1, 2019. Specifically, the final rules added a requirement to maintain a minimum Conservation Buffer, composed of Common equity tier 1 capital, of 2.5% of risk-weighted assets, to be phased in over three years and applied to the Common equity tier 1 risk-based capital ratio, the Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio and the Total risk-based capital ratio.  Accordingly, banking organizations, on a fully phased in basis no later than January 1, 2019, must maintain a minimum Common equity tier 1 risk-based capital ratio of 7.0%, a minimum Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio of 8.5% and a minimum Total risk-based capital ratio of 10.5%.  The required minimum Conservation Buffer began to be phased in incrementally, starting at 0.625% on January 1, 2016 and will increase to 1.25% on January 1, 2017, 1.875% on January 1, 2018 and 2.5% on January 1, 2019.  The final rules impose restrictions on capital distributions and certain discretionary cash bonus payments if the minimum Conservation Buffer is not met. 

Under the final rules, the effects of certain accumulated other comprehensive items are not excluded; however, banking organizations like the Company and the Bank that are not considered  advanced approaches  banking organizations may make a one-time permanent election to continue to exclude these items.  With the submission of the Call Report for the first quarter of 2015, the Company and the Bank made this election in order to avoid significant variations in the level of capital that can be caused by interest rate fluctuations on the fair value of the Bank s available for sale securities portfolio and by fluctuations in the net periodic pension benefit/obligation attributable to the Bank s defined benefit pension plan. 

In addition, the   Office of the Comptroller of the Currency (the  OCC )   requires that FSBs, like the Bank, maintain a minimum level of Tier 1 capital to average total assets excluding intangibles.  This measure is known as the leverage ratio.  The current regulatory minimum for the leverage ratio for institutions to be considered  well capitalized  is 5%, but an individual institution could be required to maintain a higher level.  In connection with the merger of Carrollton Bank with and into the Bank, the Bank entered into an Operating Agreement with the OCC (the  Operating Agreement ) pursuant to which the Bank agreed, among other things, to maintain a leverage ratio of 10% for the term of the Operating Agreement.  The Operating Agreement will remain in effect until it is terminated by the OCC or the Bank ceases to be an FSB.  Effective with the issuance of the 2016 OCC Report of Examination, the leverage ratio required by the Operating Agreement will be reduced from 10% to 8.5%. 

The following table summarizes capital ratios and related information in accordance with Basel III as measured at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015.  For disclosure regarding changes resulting from Basel III see the Item 2 of Part I of this report under the heading,  CAPITAL RESOURCES .  The Bank was classified in the well capitalized   

39 

Table of Contents  

category at both September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 under the regulatory capital rules in effect at each date.    The capital levels of the Bank at September 30, 2016 also exceeded the minimum capital requirements shown in the table below including the currently applicable Conservation Buffer of 0.625%.    Since September 30, 2016, no conditions or events have occurred, of which the Company is aware, that have resulted in a material change in the Bank's regulatory risk category other than as reported in this report. 

Actual   capital amounts and ratios for the Bank are presented in the following tables (dollars in thousands): 

The Company s ability to pay cash dividends on the outstanding shares of its common stock depends primarily on its receipt of cash dividends from the Bank.  Banking regulations also limit the amount of dividends that may be paid without prior approval by an FSB's regulatory agencies.  In addition to these regulations, the Bank agreed in the Operating Agreement that it would not declare or pay any dividends or otherwise reduce its capital unless it is in compliance with the Operating Agreement, including the minimum capital requirements.  In May 2016, the Bank received regulatory approval to pay a one-time cash dividend to the Company, which the Company used on July 8, 2016 to acquire all of the issued and outstanding shares of common stock of Hopkins Bancorp, Inc. ( Hopkins ) in the merger of Hopkins with and into the Company, with the Company as the surviving corporation (the  Hopkins Merger ).  Due to the Bank s desire to preserve capital to fund its growth, the Company currently does not anticipate paying cash dividends on its common stock for the foreseeable future.  In addition to these regulatory restrictions, it should be noted that the declaration of dividends is at the discretion of the Company s Board of Directors and will depend, in part, on the Company s earnings and future capital needs.  Accordingly, there can be no assurance that dividends will be declared in any future period.    

40 

Table of Contents  

The Bank is required to maintain reserves against certain deposit liabilities which was satisfied with vault cash and balances on deposit with the Federal Reserve Bank of Richmond during the reserve maintenance periods that included September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015. 

Under current Federal Reserve regulations, the Bank is limited in the amount it may lend to the parent company and its nonbank subsidiaries. Loans to a single affiliate may not exceed 10%, and loans to all affiliates may not exceed 20% of the Bank s capital stock, surplus, and undivided profits, plus the allowance for loan losses.  Loans from the Bank to nonbank affiliates, including the parent company, are also required to be collateralized according to regulatory guidelines.  At September 30, 2016, there were no loans from the Bank to any nonbank affiliate, including Bay Bancorp, Inc. 

NOTE 18   OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 

Comprehensive income is defined as net income plus transactions and other occurrences that are the result of non-owner changes in equity.  For financial statements presented by the Company, non-equity changes are comprised of unrealized gains or losses on available for sale debt securities and any minimum pension liability adjustments.  These items do not have an impact on the Company s net income.  The following table presents the activity in net accumulated other comprehensive income for the periods indicated.  

41 

Table of Contents  

The Company reflects the funded status of defined benefit pension plan liabilities on the balance sheet, which for the nine-month period ended September 30, 2016 resulted in a $0.3 million charge to equity through a reduction of accumulated other comprehensive income. The loss was primarily due to the use of an updated mortality table resulting from a modification of the mortality table issued by the Society of Actuaries in October 2014. 

42 

Table of Contents  

ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND     RESULTS OF OPERATIONS      

As used in this Quarterly Report, the term  the Company  refers to Bay Bancorp, Inc. and, unless the context clearly requires otherwise, the terms  we,   us,  and  our,  refer to Bay Bancorp, Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries. 

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS    

This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act ).  Such statements include projections, predictions, expectations or statements as to beliefs or future events or results, or refer to other matters that are not purely statements of historical facts.  Forward-looking statements are subject to known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that could cause the actual results to differ materially from those contemplated by the statements.  The forward-looking statements contained in this Quarterly Report are based on various factors and were derived using numerous assumptions.  In some cases, you can identify these forward-looking statements by words like  may ,  will ,  should ,  expect ,  plan ,  anticipate ,  intend ,  believe ,  estimate ,  predict ,  potential , or  continue  or the negative of those words and other comparable words.  You should be aware that those statements reflect only our predictions.  If known or unknown risks or uncertainties should materialize, or if underlying assumptions should prove inaccurate, actual results could differ materially from past results and those anticipated, estimated or projected. You should bear this in mind when reading this quarterly report and not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. 

Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to risks and uncertainties that are difficult to identify and/or predict. Actual results may differ materially from these forward-looking statements because of, among other factors: 

changes in our plans and strategies and the results thereof;     

the impact of acquisitions and other strategic transactions;     

unexpected changes in the housing market, business markets, and/or general economic conditions in our market area, or a slower-than-anticipated economic recovery, which might lead to increased or decreased demand for loans, deposits and other products and services;      

unexpected changes in market interest rates or monetary policy;      

the impact of new laws, regulations and governmental policies and guidelines that might require changes to our business model;      

changes in laws, regulations and governmental policies and guidelines that might impact our ability to collect on outstanding loans or otherwise negatively impact our business;     

higher than anticipated loan losses or the insufficiency of the allowance for credit losses;     

our potential exposure to various types of market risks, such as interest rate risk and credit risk;     

our ability to recover the fair values of available for sale securities;     

our obligation to fund commitments to extend credit and unused lines of credit;     

changes in consumer confidence, spending and savings habits relative to the services we provide;     

continued relationships with major customers;      

competition from other financial institutions in originating loans, attracting deposits, and providing various financial services that may affect our profitability;     

the ability to continue to grow our business internally and through acquisition and successful integration of bank entities while controlling our costs;     

changes in competitive, governmental, regulatory, accounting, technological and other factors that may affect us specifically or the banking industry generally, including as a result of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2010 (the  Dodd-Frank Act );     

changes in our sources and availability of liquidity;     

the impact of pending and future legal proceedings; and      

losses that we may realize from off-balance sheet arrangements.     

43 

Table of Contents  

You should also consider carefully the risk factors discussed in detail in the periodic reports that Bay Bancorp, Inc. files with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the  SEC ), which address additional factors that could cause our actual results to differ from those set forth in the forward-looking statements and could materially and adversely affect our business, operating results and financial condition (see Item 1A of Part II of this report for further information).  The risks discussed are factors that, individually or in the aggregate, management believes could cause our actual results to differ materially from expected and historical results.  You should understand that it is not possible to predict or identify all such factors.  Consequently, you should not consider such disclosures to be a complete discussion of all potential risks or uncertainties. 

The forward-looking statements speak only as of the date on which they are made, and, except to the extent required by federal securities laws, we undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statement to reflect events or circumstances after the date on which the statement is made or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events.  In addition, we cannot assess the impact of each factor on our business or the extent to which any factor, or combination of factors, may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statements. 

GENERAL   

Bay Bancorp, Inc., a Maryland corporation organized in 1990, is a savings and loan holding company headquartered in Columbia, Maryland, that is the parent company of Bay Bank, FSB (the  Bank ), a federal savings bank (an  FSB ), that is also headquartered in Columbia, Maryland.    Until November 1, 2013, the Company operated under the name Carrollton Bancorp.  Effective November 1, 2013, the Company s name was changed to Bay Bancorp, Inc. 

As used in this report, the terms  the Company ,  we ,  us  and  our  refer to Bay Bancorp, Inc. and, unless the context requires otherwise, its consolidated subsidiaries. 

On April 19, 2013, the Company completed its merger with Jefferson Bancorp, Inc. ( Jefferson ), with the Company as the surviving corporation (the  Jefferson Merger ).  The Jefferson Merger was accounted for as a reverse acquisition, which means that for accounting and financial reporting purposes,   Jefferson was deemed to have acquired the Company in the merger even though the Company was the legal successor in the   Jefferson   Merger, and the historical financial statements of Jefferson became the Company s historical financial statements.    Consequently, the assets and liabilities and the operations that are reflected in the historical consolidated financial statements prior to the Jefferson Merger are those of Jefferson, and the historical consolidated financial statements after the Jefferson Merger include the assets and liabilities of Jefferson and the Company, historical operations of Jefferson and operations of the combined Company after April l9, 2013.  

During 2015, Bay purchased 170,492 shares of its common stock at an average price of $5.03 per share pursuant to the stock purchase program (the  2015 Repurchase Program ) that the Board of Directors approved on July 30, 2015.  The 2015 Repurchase Program authorizes Bay to purchase up to 250,000 shares of its common stock over a 12-month period in open market and/or through privately negotiated transactions, at Bay s discretion.  The Board may modify, suspend or discontinue the program at any time.  In addition to the 79,508 shares remaining for purchase under the 2015 Repurchase Program, on February 24, 2016, the Company s Board of Directors approved an additional stock purchase program (the  2016 Repurchase Program ) that authorizes the Company to purchase up to an additional 250,000 shares of its common stock over a 12-month period in open market and/or through privately negotiated transactions.  The 2016 Repurchase Program was publicly-announced on February 26, 2016.  During the quarter ended March 31, 2016, Bay purchased 175,000 shares of its common stock at an average price of $4.93 per share, which consisted of the 79,508 shares remaining for purchase under the 2015 Repurchase Program and 95,492 shares pursuant to the 2016 Repurchase Program.  On August 11, 2016, the Board of Directors amended the 2016 Repurchase Program (the  Amended 2016 Repurchase Program ) to (i)  authorize the repurchase of an additional 250,000 shares of the Company s common stock, (ii)  extend the repurchase period through August 31, 2017, and (iii)  in the case of a privately-negotiated repurchase transaction, permit the Company to repurchase shares at a price that is less than the fair market value of a share of common stock at the time of repurchase.  During the third quarter of 2016, Bay purchased 150,000 shares at an average price of $5.10 per share along with a purchase of 418,436 shares through a privately negotiated transaction at an   

44 

Table of Contents  

average price of $5.18 per share.  As of September 30, 2016, Bay has 254,508 shares remaining under the 2016 amended purchase authorization.  The Board may modify, suspend or discontinue the program at any time. 

On December 18, 2015, the Company and Hopkins Bancorp, Inc. ( Hopkins ), the parent company of Hopkins Federal Savings Bank ( Hopkins Bank ), entered into a definitive merger agreement (the  Merger Agreement ) that provided for (i)  the merger of Hopkins with and into the Company, with the Company as the surviving corporation, and (ii)  the merger of Hopkins Bank with and into the Bank, with the Bank as the surviving federal savings bank (collectively, the  Hopkins Merger ).  The Hopkins Merger was consummated on July 8, 2016.  Pursuant to the terms of the Merger Agreement, the Company acquired all of the outstanding shares of Hopkins common stock for cash in an amount equal to 105% of Hopkins  tangible book value at June 30, 2016 (the  Merger Consideration ) after giving effect to (i)  Hopkins  payment of its transaction-related expenses, (ii)  $389,808 in cash bonuses that Hopkins paid to certain employees of Hopkins Bank, and (iii)  a $16.0 million cash dividend that was paid by Hopkins to its stockholders.  Based on the foregoing, the amount of the Merger Consideration was $23,855,141.  Upon the closing of the Hopkins Merger, each outstanding share of Hopkins common stock was converted into the right to receive cash in an amount of $98.7578, which was determined by dividing the Merger Consideration by 241,552, the number of issued and outstanding shares of Hopkins common stock as of the closing of the Hopkins Merger. 

We are focused on providing superior financial and customer service to small and medium-sized commercial and retail businesses, owners of these businesses and their employees, to business professionals and to individual consumers located in the central Maryland region, through our network of 12 branch locations.  We attract deposit customers from the general public and use such funds, together with other borrowed funds, to make loans.  Our results of operations are primarily determined by the difference between interest income earned on our interest-earning assets, primarily interest and fee income on loans, interest on investment securities, and interest paid on our interest-bearing liabilities, including deposits and borrowings. 

Our mortgage division is in the business of originating residential mortgage loans and then selling them to investors.  The mortgage banking business is structured to provide a source of fee income largely from the process of originating residential mortgage loans for sale in the secondary market.  Mortgage banking products include Federal Housing Administration and Federal Veterans Administration loans, conventional and nonconforming first and second mortgages, and construction and permanent financing.  Loans originated by the mortgage division are generally sold into the secondary market or retained by us as part of our balance sheet strategy.  

Investments in joint ventures are accounted for using the equity method.  The total investment in joint ventures at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 is not considered material to the consolidated financial statements as a whole. 

Loans serviced for others are not included in the Consolidated Balance Sheets.  The unpaid principal balances of residential mortgage loans serviced for others were approximately $5,506,000 and $0 at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively. 

The Bank has eight wholly-owned subsidiaries including three acquired in the Hopkins Merger.  Carrollton Community Development Corporation is a subsidiary that was created to promote, develop, and improve the housing and economic conditions of people in Maryland through the origination of loans, but that has been inactive since 2015.  Three limited liability company subsidiaries are used to manage and dispose of real estate acquired through foreclosure or by deed in lieu of foreclosure.  Bay Financial Services, Inc. is an inactive subsidiary that was established to provide brokerage services and a variety of financial planning and investment options to customers.  Hopkins Financial Corporation and Encore Mortgage, Inc. are subsidiaries that were acquired in the Hopkins Merger and engage in the business of investing excess cash in certificates of deposit issued by other depository institutions.  Hopkins Properties, Inc. is a subsidiary that was also acquired in the Hopkins Merger and engages in the business of investing excess cash in certificates of deposit issued by other depository institutions and making a limited number of residential mortgage loans.  The Bank owns a 51% interest in iReverse Home Loans, LLC, which was acquired in the Hopkins Merger and engages in the business of brokering reverse mortgage loans. 

45 

Table of Contents  

AVAILABILITY OF INFORMATION 

We make available through the Investor Relations area of our website, at   www.baybankmd.com  , annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, news releases on Form 8-K, and any amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act.  In general, we intend that these reports be available as soon as practicable after they are filed with or furnished to the SEC.  The SEC maintains a website (www.sec.gov) where these filings are also available through the SEC s EDGAR system.  There is no charge for access to these filings through either our site or the SEC s site. 

MARKET AREA  

We consider our core markets to be the communities within the Baltimore Metropolitan Statistical Area, particularly Baltimore City and the Maryland counties of Baltimore, Anne Arundel, Howard and Harford, as well as south along the Baltimore-Washington corridor with an expanded focus on Prince George s and Montgomery counties.  To this end, in 2015, we added a Corridor Market President and two Directors to the bank and holding company board of directors who are active in these counties and relocated the corporate headquarters to our Columbia, Maryland location.  Lending activities are broader, including the entire State of Maryland, and, to a limited extent, the surrounding states.  All of our revenue is generated within the United States. 

COMPETITION 

Our principal competitors for deposits are other financial institutions, including other   savings institutions, commercial banks, credit unions, and local banks and branches or affiliates of other larger banks located in our primary market area.  Competition among these institutions is based primarily on interest rates and other terms offered, service charges imposed on deposit accounts, the quality of services rendered, and the convenience of banking facilities.  Additional competition for depositors' funds comes from mutual funds, U.S. Government securities, insurance companies and private issuers of debt obligations and suppliers of other investment alternatives for depositors such as securities firms.  Competition from credit unions has intensified in recent years as historical federal limits on membership have been relaxed.  Because federal law subsidizes credit unions by giving them a general exemption from federal income taxes, credit unions have a significant cost advantage over banks and savings associations, which are fully subject to federal income taxes.  Credit unions may use this advantage to offer rates that are highly competitive with those offered by banks and thrifts. 

Current federal law allows the acquisition of banks by bank holding companies nationwide. Further, federal and Maryland law permit interstate banking. Recent legislation has broadened the extent to which financial services companies, such as investment banks and insurance companies, may control commercial banks. As a consequence of these developments, competition in our principal market may increase, and a further consolidation of financial institutions in Maryland may occur. 

STRATEGY 

We operate on the premise that the consolidation activities in the banking industry have created an opportunity for a well-capitalized community bank to satisfy banking needs that are no longer being adequately met in the local market.  Large national and regional banks are catering to larger customers and provide an impersonal experience, and typical community banks, because of their limited capacity, are unable to meet the needs of many small-to-medium-sized businesses.  Specifically, as a result of bank mergers in the 1990s, many banks in the Baltimore metropolitan area became local branches of large regional and national banks.  Although size gave the larger banks some advantages in competing for business from large corporations, including economies of scale and higher lending limits, we believe that these larger, national banks remain focused on a mass market approach which de-emphasizes personal contact and service.  We also believe that the centralization of decision-making power at these large institutions has resulted in a lack of customer service.  At many of these institutions, determinations are made at the out-of-state  home office" by individuals who lack personal contact with customers as well as an understanding of the customers' needs and scope of the relationship with the institution.  We believe that this trend is ongoing, and continues to be particularly frustrating to owners of small and medium-sized businesses, business professionals and individual consumers who traditionally have   

46 

Table of Contents  

been accustomed to dealing directly with a bank executive who had an understanding of their banking needs with the ability to deliver a prompt response.  

We attempt to differentiate ourselves from the competition through personalized service, flexibility in meeting the needs of customers, prompt decision making and the availability of senior management to meet with customers and prospective customers. 

OVERVIEW 

The mergers and acquisitions completed over the last several years have strengthened our market position geographically and enhanced our delivery channels, allowing us to provide extraordinary customer service while delivering a fuller range of products and services and lessened our dependence on net interest income by adding fee-based sources of revenue including a mortgage origination division, electronic banking division and with the Hopkins Merger a reverse mortgage broker division.  Amid the growth, our focus is on a high quality balance sheet, expense efficiency and improved profitability. 

The Bank s relationship management activities resulted in considerable growth of new loans in the Bank s originated portfolio by a 34.4% annualized pace in the first nine months of 2016.  Deposit balances increased and short term borrowings decreased due to the $186 million in deposits acquired as part of the Hopkins Merger and the repayment of $75 million of short-term borrowings following the Hopkins Merger.  Overall deposits increased by $163.7 million or 44.5% with a $1.8 million decline in noninterest-bearing deposit balances offset by a $165.4 million increase in interest-bearing demand deposits.  The Company has a very strong capital position and capacity for future growth with estimated total regulatory capital to risk weighted assets of 12.76%     as of September 30, 2016.  The Company has a proven record of success in acquisitions and acquired problem asset resolutions and, at September 30, 2016, had $9.0 million in remaining net purchase discounts on acquired loan portfolios. 

At September 30, 2016, the Bank remained above all  well-capitalized  regulatory requirement levels.  The Bank s estimated tier 1 risk-based capital ratio was 12.28% at September 30, 2016 as compared to 16.14% at December 31, 2015 and 16.09% at September 30, 2015.  Our liquidity position remained strong due to available cash and cash equivalents, borrowing lines with the FHLB of Atlanta, the Federal Reserve and correspondent banks, and the size and composition of the investment portfolio. 

Net income available to common stockholders for the three- and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2016 was $0.37 million, or $0.04 per basic and $0.03 per diluted share, and $1.01 million, or $0.09 per basic and diluted share, respectively, compared to net income available to common stockholders of $0.53 million, or $0.05 per basic and diluted share, and $1.42 million, or $0.13 per basic and diluted share, respectively, for the same periods of 2015.    While the   results recorded for the first nine months of 2016 trailed the same period of 2015   due primarily to the result of the $1.03 million Hopkins Merger bargain purchase gain, offset by $1.71 million in merger related expenses, management believes that the underlying results and trends are quite compelling, although less comparable to prior periods.  Loans held for investment net of deferred fees and costs increased by $65.3 million, or 15.6%, when compared to June 30, 2016 and highlight our transition from reliance on favorable net discount accretion assisted results to a bank with strong loan growth and materially improving efficiency metrics.  The earnings impact of this loan growth should be fully realized over the remainder of 2016 and beyond. 

Our ongoing efficiency efforts continue in 2016.  For the three- and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2016, noninterest expense was $8.4 million and $18.8 million, respectively, compared to $5.8 million and $17.3 million, respectively, for the same periods of 2015.  The primary contributors to the increase when compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2015 were $1.7 million in merger related expenses and $1.3 million of expenses related to the reverse mortgage operation.  The increases were offset by $1.6 million of operational cost reductions in 2016.  We expect the Hopkins Merger to provide new client opportunities, additional scale, and enhanced earnings performance. 

The return on average assets for the three- and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2016   was 0.33% and 0.29%, respecti  vely, as compared to 0.43% and 0.39%, respectively, for the same periods of 2015.  The return on   

47 

Table of Contents  

average equity for the three- and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2016 was 3.12% and 2.30  %, res  pectively, as compared to 3.12% and 2.81%, respectively, for the same periods in 2015. 

With the completion of the Hopkins Merger, total assets were $606 million at September 30, 2016 as compared to $496 million at June 30, 2016 and $491 million at December 31, 2015.  Total loans were $482 million at September 30, 2016, an increase of 15.6% from the $417 million recorded at June 30, 2016 and an increase of 22.7% from the $393 million recorded at December 31, 2015. 

Total deposits were $531 million at September 30, 2016, an increase of 46.2% from $363 million at June 30, 2016 and an increase of 44.5% from $367 million at December 31, 2015.  Non-interest bearing deposits were $100 million at September 30, 2016, a decrease of 1.7% from the $102 million recorded at December 31, 2015. 

Short term borrowings were $2 million at September 30, 2016, a decrease of 96.7% as compared to the $61 million recorded at June 30, 2016 and a decrease of 96.2% as compared to the $52 million recorded at December 31, 2015. 

Net interest income for the three- and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2016 totaled $5.7 million and $15.3 million, respectively, as compared to $5.4 million and $16.3 million, respectively, for the same periods of 2015.  Interest income associated with discount accretion on purchased loans, deferred costs and deferred fees will vary due to the timing and nature of loan principal payments.  Earning asset leverage was the primary driver of year-over-year results, as average earning loans and investments increased to $497 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, as compared to $457 million for the same period of 2015.  The earnings impact of the third quarter of 2016 increase in net loan growth and the earning asset leverage of the Hopkins Merger is expected to materially improve ongoing net interest income. 

Net interest margin for the three- and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2016 was 3.86% and 4.11%, respectively, compared to 4.68% and 4.76%, respectively, for the same periods of 2015.  The margin for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 reflects the variable pace of discount accretion recognition within interest income, the impact of fair value amortization on the interest expense of acquired deposits, and the higher level of investments, including interest bearing federal funds sold acquired in the Hopkins Merger.  For the nine months ended September 30, 2016, the earning asset portfolio yield was influenced by a $0.99 million decline in net discount accretion of purchased loan discounts recognized in interest income when compared to the same period of 2015.  The margin declined by 0.65% during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 when compared to a year earlier, of which 0.27% relates to the decline in net discount accretion recognized in interest income. 

Nonperforming assets increased to $15.7 million at September 30, 2016 from $9.1 million at June 30, 2016, an increase of $6.6 million or 73.0%, and increased $5.4 million or 52.6%, from $10.3 million at December 31, 2015.  The third quarter of 2016 increases resulted primarily from the Hopkins Merger offset by continued resolution of acquired nonperforming loans from the Bank s previous acquisitions and mergers.  Loans acquired in the Hopkins Merger include appropriate fair value adjustments. 

The provision for loan losses for the three- and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2016 was $360,000 and $1,016,000, respectively, as compared to $306,000 and $878,000, respectively, for the same periods of 2015.  The increases for the 2016 periods were primarily the result of increases in loan originations.  As a result, the allowance for loan losses was $2.45 million at September 30, 2016, representing 0.51% of total loans, as compared to $2.29 million, or 0.55% of total loans, at June 30, 2016 and $1.77 million, or 0.45% of total loans, at December 31, 2015.  The allowance for loan losses at September 30, 2016 represents 0.98% of the Bank s originated portfolio, with the remaining discount on acquired loans mitigating the need for additional loan loss reserves on these portfolios. Management expects both the allowance for loan losses and the related provision for loan losses to increase in the future due to the gradual accretion of the discount on the acquired loan portfolios and an increase in new loan originations. 

At September 30, 2016, the Bank is estimated to remain above all  well-capitalized  regulatory requirement levels.  The Bank s estimated tier 1 risk-based capital ratio was 12.28% at September 30, 2016 as compared to 15.56% at June 30, 2016 and 16.14% at December 31, 2015.  Liquidity remains strong due to available cash and cash equivalents,   

48 

Table of Contents  

borrowing lines with the FHLB of Atlanta, the Federal Reserve and correspondent banks, and the size and composition of the investment portfolio. 

CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES  

Our accounting and reporting policies conform to accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ( U.S. GAAP ).  All intercompany transactions are eliminated in consolidation and certain reclassifications are made when necessary in order to conform the previous year s financial statements to the current year s presentation.  In preparing the consolidated financial statements, management is required to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amount of assets and liabilities as of the dates of the balance sheets and revenues and expenditures for the periods presented.  Therefore, actual results could differ from these estimates.  Our financial condition and results of operations are sensitive to accounting measurements and estimates of matters that are inherently uncertain.  When applying accounting policies in areas that are subjective in nature, management must use its best judgment to arrive at the carrying value of certain assets.  The most critical accounting policies applied relate to treatment of the allowance for loan losses, accounting for acquired loans, valuation of the securities portfolio, and accounting for income taxes. 

Allowance for Loan Losses 

The allowance     involves a higher degree of judgment and complexity than other significant accounting policies.  The allowance is calculated with the objective of maintaining a reserve level believed by us to be sufficient to absorb estimated probable loan losses.  Our determination of the adequacy of the allowance is based on periodic evaluations of the loan portfolio and other relevant factors.  However, this evaluation is inherently subjective as it requires material estimates, including, among others, expected default probabilities, expected loan commitment usage, the amounts and timing of expected future cash flows on impaired and purchased credit impaired loans, value of collateral, estimated losses on consumer loans and residential mortgages and general amounts for historical loss experience. The process also considers economic conditions and inherent risks in the loan portfolio.  All of these factors may be susceptible to significant change.  To the extent actual outcomes differ from our estimates, an additional provision for loan losses may be required that would adversely impact earnings in future periods. See discussion under the heading,  Allowance for Loan Losses and Credit Risk Management  in the section of this Item 2 entitled  FINANCIAL CONDITION . 

Accounting for Acquired Loans  

Loans purchased with evidence of credit deterioration since origination and for which it is probable that all contractually required payments will not be collected are considered to be credit impaired.  Evidence of credit quality deterioration as of the purchase date may include information such as past due and nonaccrual status, borrower credit scores and recent loan to value percentages.  Purchased credit impaired loans are initially measured at fair value, which considers estimated future credit losses expected to be incurred over the life of the loan.  Accordingly, an allowance related to these loans was not carried over and recorded at the acquisition date.  We monitor actual loan cash flows to determine any improvement or deterioration from those forecasted as of the acquisition date.  Our acquired loans with specific credit deterioration are accounted for in accordance with   Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB )     Accounting Standards Codification ( ASC )     310-30.  Certain acquired loans, those for which specific credit related deterioration subsequent to origination is identified, are recorded at fair value reflecting the present value of the amounts expected to be collected.  Income recognition on purchased credit impaired loans is based on a reasonable expectation about the timing and amount of cash flows to be collected. 

Valuation of the Securities Portfolio  

Securities are evaluated periodically to determine whether a decline in their value is other than temporary.  The term  other than temporary  is not intended to indicate a permanent decline in value.  Rather, it means that the prospects for near term recovery of value are not necessarily favorable, or that there is a lack of evidence to support fair values equal to, or greater than, the carrying value of an investment.  We review other criteria such as magnitude and duration of the decline, as well as the reasons for the decline, to predict whether the loss in value is other than temporary.  Once a decline in value is determined to be other than temporary, the value of the security is reduced and a corresponding charge to earnings is recognized. 

49 

Table of Contents  

Accounting for Income Taxes 

We use the liability method of accounting for income taxes.  Under the liability method, deferred tax assets and liabilities are determined based on differences between the financial statement carrying amounts and the tax basis of existing assets and liabilities (i.e., temporary differences) and are measured at the enacted rates in effect when these differences reverse.  Deferred tax assets are reduced by a valuation allowance when, in the opinion of management, it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized.  We exercise significant judgment in the evaluation of the amount and timing of the recognition of the resulting tax assets and liabilities.  The judgments and estimates required for the evaluation are updated based upon changes in business factors and the tax laws.  If actual results differ from the assumptions and other considerations used in estimating the amount and timing of tax recognized, there can be no assurance that additional expenses will not be required in future periods.  Realization of deferred tax assets is dependent on generating sufficient taxable income in the future. 

50 

Table of Contents  

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS  

Net Interest Income 

The following tables sets forth, for the periods indicated, information regarding the average balances of interest earning assets and interest bearing liabilities, the amount of interest income and interest expense and the resulting yields on average interest earning assets and rates paid on average interest bearing liabilities.  No tax equivalent yield adjustments were made, as the effect thereof was not material. 

51 

Table of Contents  

(1) 

Non-accrual loans are included in average loans.     

(2) 

Interest rate spread represents the difference between the average yield on interest-earning assets and the average cost of interest-bearing liabilities.     

(3) 

Net interest margin represents net interest income as a percentage of average interest-earning assets.     

Net interest income, the amount by which interest income on interest-earning assets exceeds interest expense on interest-bearing liabilities, is the most significant component of our earnings.  Net interest income is a function of several factors, including the volume and mix of interest-earning assets and funding sources, as well as the relative level of market interest rates.  While management s policies influence some of these factors, external forces, including customer   

52 

Table of Contents  

needs and demands, competition, the economic policies of the federal government and the monetary policies of the Federal Reserve also affect net interest income. 

Net interest income decreased to $15.3 million for the nine-month period ended September 30, 2016, as compared to $16.3 million for the same period of 2015.  The decrease was largely the result of $0.99 million decline in net discount accretion on purchased loans recognized in interest income offset by $37.4 million growth in earning assets resulting from the Hopkins Merger and legacy Bank net loan growth.  The average yield for newly originated loans over the past year was less than the average yield of the total portfolio during this same period, while higher yielding loans originated in prior periods amortized down or paid off.  The net interest margin for the third quarter of 2016 decreased to 3.86%, as compared to 4.68% for the third quarter of 2015.  The net interest margin for the nine-month period ended September 30, 2016 decreased to 4.11%, as compared to 4.76% for the same period of 2015 due to the decline in net discount accretion on loans and deposits.  As of September 30, 2016, the remaining net loan discounts on the Bank s acquired loan portfolio totaled $9.0 million.  Management believes that interest income in the fourth quarter of 2016 and beyond will reflect the positive earnings impact of accelerating loan origination volume, the greater leverage possible as a result of the Hopkins Merger and a moderation of the deceleration of net discount accretion recognition. 

Total interest income increased by $0.4 million, or 6.84%, for the three-month period ended September 30, 2016 when compared to the same period of 2015.  Interest income on loans increased by $0.4 million, or 6.80%, for the three-month period ended September 30, 2016 when compared to the same period of 2015.  The average balance of loans increased by $91.6 million, or 23.65% primarily due to the Hopkins Merger and growth in Bank originated loans, but was offset by 0.75% decrease in average loan yield when compared to the same period of 2015.  The average balance of loans held for sale decreased by $6.8 million due to an overall decline in the mortgage banking line of business, in addition to a 0.15% decrease in average loan yield when compared to the same period of 2015. 

Total interest expense increased by $0.13 million, or 28.82%, for the three-month period ended September 30, 2016 when compared to the same period of 2015.  Average interest-bearing liabilities increased by $128.5 million, or 40.02%, for the three-month period ended September 30, 2016 when compared to the same period of 2015.  The cost of interest-bearing liabilities decreased to 0.52% for the three-month period ended September 30, 2016 as compared to 0.56% for the same period of 2015.  The increase in interest expense is primarily related to the $177 million in interest-bearing deposit balances acquired in the Hopkins Merger, a  reduction in the average balance of high yielding certificates of deposits and replacement with lower cost short term funding sources and the replacement of higher yielding Federal Home Loan Bank advances with lower yielding deposits acquired in the Hopkins Merger.    Average noninterest-bearing deposits decreased by $5.4 million for the three-month period ended   September   30, 2016 when compared to the same period in 2015. 

Total interest income decreased by $1.1 million, or 5.94%, for the nine-month period ended September 30, 2016 when compared to the same period of 2015.  Interest income on loans decreased by $0.88 million, or 5.32%, for the nine-month period ended September 30, 2016 when compared to the same period of 2015.  The average balance of loans increased by $37.4 million primarily due to growth in Bank originated loans and loans acquired in the Hopkins Merger, but was offset by a 0.78% decrease in average loan yield when compared to the same period of 2015.  The average balance of loans held for sale decreased by $6.5 million due to overall decline in the mortgage banking line of business when compared to the same period of 2015. 

Total interest expense decreased by $0.10 million, or 6.71%, for the nine-month period ended September 30, 2016 when compared to the same period of 2015.  Average interest-bearing liabilities increased by $40.63 million for the nine-month period ended September 30, 2016 when compared to the same period of 2015.  The cost of interest-bearing liabilities decreased to 0.50% for the nine-month period ended September 30, 2016 as compared to 0.61% for the same period of 2015.  The decrease in interest expense is primarily related to a reduction in the average balance of higher yielding certificates of deposits and the replacement with lower cost short term funding sources as well as the replacement of higher yielding Federal Home Loan Bank advances with lower yielding deposits resulting from the Hopkins Merger.    Average noninterest-bearing deposits decreased by $3.44 million for the nine-month period ended September 30, 2016 when compared to the same period in 2015. 

53 

Table of Contents  

Provision for Loan Losses 

The provision for loan losses is determined by management as the amount to be added to the allowance for loan losses after net charge-offs have been deducted to bring the allowance to a level which, in management's best estimate, is necessary to absorb probable losses within the existing loan portfolio.  On a monthly basis, management reviews all loan portfolios to determine trends and monitor asset quality.  For consumer loan portfolios, this review generally consists of reviewing delinquency levels on an aggregate basis with timely follow-up on accounts that become delinquent.  In commercial loan portfolios, delinquency information is monitored and periodic reviews of business and property leasing operations are performed on an individual loan basis to determine potential collection and repayment problems.  See the section captioned  Allowance for Loan Losses  elsewhere in this discussion for further analysis of the provision for loan losses.  

The provision for loan losses for the three- and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2016 was approximately $0.36 million and $1.02 million, respectively, compared to $0.31 million and $0.88 million, respectively, for the same periods of 2015.  The increases for the 2016 periods were primarily the result of increases in loan originations and adjustments in certain qualitative factors.        As a result, the allowance for loan losses was $2.45 million at September 30, 2016, representing 0.51% of total loans, compared to $2.29 million, or 0.55% of total loans, at June 30, 2016 and $1.77 million, or 0.45% of total loans, at December 31, 2015.  The allowance for loan losses at September 30, 2016 represents 0.98% of the Bank s originated portfolio, with the remaining discount on acquired loans mitigating the need for additional loan loss reserves on these portfolios.  Management expects both the allowance for loan losses and the related provision for loan losses to increase in the future due to the gradual accretion of the discount on the acquired loan portfolios and an increase in new loan originations. 

Noninterest Income 

The following tables reflect the amounts and changes in noninterest income for the three- and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. 

Noninterest income for the three- and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2016 was $3.81 million and $6.33 million, respectively, representing an increase of $2.32 million and $2.05 million, respectively, when compared to the same periods in 2015.  The increase for the three-month period ended   September   30, 2016 when compared to the same period in 2015 was primarily the result of a $1.03 million bargain purchase gain resulting from the Hopkins Merger   

54 

Table of Contents  

and $1.6 million in other income driven by $1.40 million of loan fees related to the reverse mortgage operation acquired in the Hopkins Merger, offset by decreases of $0.26 million in mortgage banking fees and gains resulting from a decreased number of loans originated and sold and $0.12 million in gain on securities sold resulting from fewer sales and redemption of available for sale securities.  The increase for the nine-month period ended September 30, 2016 when compared to the same period in 2015 was primarily the result of a $1.03 million bargain purchase gain resulting from the Hopkins Merger, $0.29 million in gains resulting from the sale and redemption of available for sale securities and $1.59 million in other income driven by $1.40 million of loan fees related to the reverse mortgage operation acquired in the Hopkins Merger, offset by decreases of $0.84 million in mortgage banking fees and gains resulting from a decreased number of loans originated and sold. 

Noninterest Expenses 

The following table reflects the amounts and changes in noninterest expense for the three- and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. 

Noninterest expense reduction is a key focus for 2016 net income improvement, however, the third quarter 2016 include approximately $1.3 million of expenses related to the reverse mortgage subsidiary acquired in the Hopkins Merger.  For the three- and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2016, noninterest expense was $8.4 million and $18.8 million, respectively, representing an increase of $2.60 and $1.14 million, respectively, when compared to the same periods in 2015.  The primary contributors to the increase when comparing the three-month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 were increases of $0.94 million in salary and employee benefits, $0.09 million in foreclosed property expenses and   $1.52 million in merger-related costs, offset by decreases of $0.13 million in legal,   

55 

Table of Contents  

accounting and other professional fees and $0.11 million in loan collection costs.    The primary contributors to the increase when comparing the nine-month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 were increases of $0.55 million in salary and employee benefits and   $1.71 million in merger-related costs, offset by decreases of $0.24 million in occupancy and equipment expense, $0.34 million in legal, accounting and other professional fees, $0.27 million in loan collection costs and $0.10 million in core deposit intangible amortization. 

Income Taxes 

The effective tax rate for the three- and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2016 was 31.3% and 35.8%, respectively, compared to 38.0% and 38.9%, respectively, for the three- and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2015.  The decreases were due to changes in tax advantaged income, share-based compensation and non-deductible expenses when comparing the three- and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2016 to the same periods of 2015.  In accordance with Accounting Standards Codification ( ASC ) 740-270, Accounting for Interim Reporting, the provision for income taxes was recorded at September 30, 2016 and 2015 based on the current estimate of the effective annual rate. 

FINANCIAL CONDITION 

Total assets were $606 million at September 30, 2016, an increase of $115 million, or 23.4%, when compared to December 31, 2015 primarily due to the $231 million of assets acquired in the Hopkins Merger.  Investment securities increased by $18 million or 52.3% for the nine-month period ended September 30, 2016,  while loans held for investment increased by $89 million, or 22.7%, which was primarily driven by the $58 million acquired in the Hopkins Merger.  Loans held for sale decreased by $2.0 million, or 41.7%.  Cash and interest-bearing deposits with banks increased by $11.9 million, or 34.4%, for the nine-month period ended   September   30, 2016.  

Total deposits were $531 million at September 30, 2016, an increase of $163.7 million, or 44.5%, when compared to December 31, 2015.        The increase was due to the $186 million in deposits acquired as part of the Hopkins Merger as well as a managed decline in certificates of deposits.   

Stockholders  equity was $65.2 million at September 30, 2016, compared to $67.7 million at December 31, 2015.  The decrease for the first nine months of 2016 related to the ongoing stock repurchase program offset by corporate earnings.  The $2.4 million decline for the third quarter 2016 related to the purchase of 568,436 shares of the Company s common stock.  This activity improved the book value of the Company s common stock to $6.29 per share at September 30, 2016, compared to $6.12 per share at December 31, 2015. 

Investment Securities 

Our investment policy authorizes management to invest in traditional securities instruments in order to provide ongoing liquidity, income and a ready source of collateral that can be pledged in order to access other sources of funds.  The investment portfolio consists of available for sale and held to maturity securities.  Available for sale securities are those securities that we intend to hold for an indefinite period of time but not necessarily until maturity.  These securities are carried at fair value and may be sold as part of an asset/liability management strategy, liquidity management, interest rate risk management, regulatory capital management or other similar factors.  Held to maturity securities are securities we have the intent and ability to hold until maturity.  These securities are carried at amortized cost. 

The investment portfolio consists primarily of U.S. Government agency securities, U.S. Treasury securities, residential mortgage-backed securities, corporate bonds and state and municipal obligations.  The income from state and municipal obligations is exempt from federal income tax.  Certain agency securities are exempt from state income taxes.  We use the investment portfolio as a source of both liquidity and earnings.  Management continues to evaluate investment options that will produce income without assuming significant credit or interest rate risk and to look for opportunities to use liquidity from maturing investments to reduce our use of high cost time deposits and borrowed funds. 

56 

Table of Contents  

Investment securities increased $18.3 million, or 52.3%, to $53.2 million at September 30, 2016, from $34.9 million at December 31, 2015.  This increase was primarily the result of $41.5 million of investment securities acquired in the Hopkins Merger offset by $27.2 million of net sales and redemptions of investment securities. 

Restricted Equity Securities 

Restricted equity securities decreased $2.0 million, or 67.2%, to $1.0 million at September 30, 2016, from $3.0 million at December 31, 2015.  This decrease resulted primarily from the net purchase and redemption of   FHLB stock required as a result of increases and decreases in borrowings from the FHLB.  

Loans Held for Sale 

Loans held for sale were $2.8 million at September 30, 2016, compared to $4.9 million at December 31, 2015.  The decrease in loans held for sale was due to lower new originations and loan sales due to a fewer number of loan originators during the nine-month period ended September 30, 2016.  Loans originated for sale to third-party investors generally remain on our balance sheet for an average of 45 days. 

Loans 

Loans, net of deferred fees and costs, increased by $89.2 million, or 22.7%, to $482.4 million at September 30, 2016 from $393.2 million at December 31, 2015, primarily due to the $58.1 million of loans acquired in the Hopkins Merger and originations outpacing pay downs and a slowing in the pace of purchased impaired loan resolutions. 

Loans are placed on nonaccrual status when they are past-due 90 days as to either principal or interest or when, in the opinion of management, the collection of all interest and/or principal is in doubt.  Placing a loan on nonaccrual status means that we no longer accrue interest on such loan and reverse any interest previously accrued but not collected.  Management may grant a waiver from nonaccrual status for a 90-day past-due loan that is both well secured and in the process of collection.  A loan remains on nonaccrual status until the loan is current as to payment of both principal and interest and the borrower demonstrates the ability to   make payments in accordance with the terms of the loan     and remain current.  

A loan is considered to be impaired when, based on current information and events, it is probable that we will be unable to collect all amounts due according to the contractual terms of the loan agreement.  Impaired loans are measured based on the fair value of the collateral for collateral dependent loans and at the present value of expected future cash flows using the loans  effective interest rates for loans that are not collateral dependent. 

At September 30, 2016, we had 272 impaired loans totaling $37.4 million (including   purchase credit impaired, or   PCI, loans of $32.5 million).  Of this number, 126 impaired loans totaling $11.1 million were classified as nonaccrual loans.  At September 30, 2016,   troubled debt restructurings, or   TDRs, included in impaired loans totaled $1.9 million, 9 loans of which were included in nonaccrual loans having a total balance of $1.4 million.    Borrowers under a  ll other restructured loans are paying in accordance with the terms of the   modified loan   agreement and have been placed on accrual status after a period of performance with the restructured terms.   

57 

Table of Contents  

The following table presents details of our nonperforming loans and nonperforming assets, as these asset quality metrics are evaluated by management, at the dates indicated:    

Nonperforming assets, which consist of nonaccrual loans, troubled debt restructurings, accruing loans past due 90 days or more, and real estate acquired through foreclosure, increased to $15.75 million at September 30, 2016 from $10.32 million at December 31, 2015.    The $5.42 million increase was   primarily   due to a $5.20 million in  crease in non-accrual loans, a $0.12 million increase in accruing PCI loans past due 90 days or more, a $0.07 million decrease in TDR loans excluding those on nonaccrual and a $0.18 million increase in real estate acquired through foreclosure.        Nonperforming assets constituted 2.60% of total assets at September 30, 2016, which represents a 0.50% increase from the 2.10% recorded at December 31, 2015. 

Potential problem loans consist of loans that are performing under contract but for which credit problems have caused us to place them on our list of criticized loans.  These loans have a risk rating of 6 (Special Mention) or higher, and exclude all nonaccrual loans and accruing loans past due 90+ days.  At September 30, 2016, these loans totaled $11.7 million and consisted primarily of Commercial   Industrial loans, Commercial Real Estate loans and Residential Real Estate loans which had balances of $2.5 million, $5.9 million and $3.3 million, respectively.  Difficulties in the economy and the accompanying impact on these borrowers, as well as future events, such as regulatory examination assessments, may result in these loans and others being classified as nonperforming assets in the future.  

Allowance for Loan Losses and Credit Risk Management 

The allowance for loan losses is established to estimate losses that may occur on loans by recording a provision for loan losses that is charged to earnings   in the current period  .  The allowance is evaluated on a quarterly basis by management and is based upon management s periodic review of the collectability of the loans in light of historic experience, the nature and volume of the loan portfolio, adverse situations that may affect the borrower s ability to repay, estimated value of any underlying collateral and prevailing economic conditions.  This evaluation is inherently subjective as it requires estimates that are susceptible to significant revision as more information becomes available.  Measured impairment and credit losses are charged against the allowance when management believes the loan or a portion of the loan s balance is not collectable.  Subsequent recoveries, if any, are credited to the allowance. 

The allowance consists of specific and general components.  The specific component relates to individual loans that are classified as impaired.  A loan is impaired when, based on current information and events, it is probable that the Bank will be unable to collect all amounts due (principal and interest) according to the contractual terms of the loan agreement and primarily includes nonaccrual loans, troubled debt restructurings, and purchased credit impaired loans where cash flows have deteriorated from those forecasted as of the acquisition date.  For those loans that are classified as impaired, an allowance is established when the discounted cash flows, collateral value, or observable market price, whichever is appropriate, of the impaired loan is lower than the carrying value of the loan.  For collateral-dependent impaired loans, any measured impairment is properly charged-off against the loan and allowance in the applicable reporting period.  The specific component may fluctuate from period to period if changes occur in the nature and volume of impaired loans. 

The general component of the allowance covers pools of similar loans, including purchased loans that did not have deteriorated credit quality and new loan originations, and is based upon historical loss experience of the bank or peer bank group if the bank s loss experience is deemed by management to be insufficient and several qualitative factors.    

58 

Table of Contents  

These qualitative factors address various risk characteristics in the Bank s loan portfolio after an assessment of internal or external influences on credit quality that are not fully reflected in the historical loss data.  Management will continue to evaluate the appropriateness of the peer group data used with each quarterly allowance analysis until such time that the Bank has sufficient loss experience to provide a foundation for the general reserve requirement.  The general component may fluctuate from period to period if changes occur in the mix of the Bank s loan portfolio, economic conditions, or specific industry conditions. 

A test of the adequacy of the allowance, using the methodology outlined above, is performed by management and reported to the Board of Directors generally on a quarterly basis.  The complex evaluations involved in such testing require significant estimates.  Management uses available data to establish the allowance at a prudent level, recognizing that the determination is inherently subjective, and that future adjustments may be necessary, depending upon many items including a change in economic conditions affecting specific borrowers, or in general economic conditions, and new information that becomes available.  However, there are no assurances that the allowance will be sufficient to absorb losses on nonperforming loans, or that the allowance will be sufficient to cover losses on nonperforming loans in the future. 

The allowance was approximately $2,448,000 at September 30, 2016, compared to approximately $1,773,000 at December 31, 2015.  The allowance as a percentage of total portfolio loans was 0.51% at September 30, 2016 and 0.45% at December 31, 2015.  The allowance as a percentage of Bank originated loans was 0.98% at September 30, 2016 and 0.89% at December 31, 2015, with the remaining discount on acquired loans mitigating the need for additional loan loss reserves on these portfolios.  Management expects both the allowance for loan losses and the related provision for loan losses to increase in the future due to the gradual accretion of the discount on the acquired loan portfolios and an increase in new loan originations. 

For non-impaired loans acquired   by the Bank from Bay National Bank on July 10, 2010 without evidence of deteriorated credit quality, there was a net unamortized discount of $0.4 million at September 30, 2016 and $0.5 million at December 31, 2015, which represented 3.3% and 3.1%, respectively, of the related loan balance at those dates.  For non-impaired acquired legacy Carrollton Bank portfolio loans without evidence of deteriorated credit quality, there was a net unamortized discount of $1.1 million at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, which represented 1.2% and 1.1%, respectively, of the related loan balance at those dates.  For non-impaired acquired legacy Slavie Federal Savings Bank portfolio loans without evidence of deteriorated credit quality, there was an unamortized discount of $1.7 million at September 30, 2016 and $1.8 million at December 31, 2015, which represented 4.0% of the related loan balance at those dates.  The loans acquired in the Hopkins Merger were recorded at fair value.  As the total combined remaining discount exceeded the indicated total required reserve for these loan pools, no additional reserves were recorded.   

During the three- and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2016, we recorded net charge-offs of $205,164 and $340,757, respectively, compared to net charge-offs of $119,178 and $553,417, respectively, during the same periods of 2015.   

59 

Table of Contents  

The following table reflects activity in the allowance for loan losses for the periods indicated: 

Deposits 

The following deposit table presents the composition of deposits at the dates indicated. 

Total deposits were $531 million at September 30, 2016, an increase of $163.7 million when compared to December 31, 2015.  Within the deposit base, interest bearing checking account balances increased $7.5 million, or 14%, interest bearing savings account balances increased by $81.1 million, or 213%, money market balances increased $12.5   

60 

Table of Contents  

million, or 14%, and time deposit balances increased by $64.4 million, or 76%, when compared to the amounts at December 31, 2015. 

The ratio of noninterest bearing deposits to total deposits was 19% as of September 30, 2016, a decrease of 9% from December 31, 2015.  Included in our deposit portfolio are brokered deposits through the Promontory Interfinancial Network (the  Network ).  Through this deposit matching network, which includes Certificate of Deposit Registry Service ( CDARS ) and Insured Cash Sweep Service ( ICS ) deposits, we have the ability to offer our customers access to FDIC-insured deposit products in aggregate amounts exceeding current insurance limits.  When we place funds through the Network on behalf of a customer, we typically receive matching deposits through the network s reciprocal deposit program.  At September 30, 2016, we had $12.4 million in deposits through the Network compared to $9.3 million at December 31, 2015.  We can also choose to place deposits through the Network without receiving matching deposits.  We had placed $0.1 million of deposits through the Network as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 for which we received no matching deposits.  

Borrowings  

Borrowings at September 30, 2016 consisted of $0 in FHLB advances and $2.0 million in Atlantic Community Bankers Bank advances, compared to $52.0 million and $0.3 million, respectively, at December 31, 2015.  The $52.0 million decrease in FHLB borrowings at September 30, 2016 when compared to December 31, 2015 resulted from the Bank s integration with Hopkins Bank s deposit funded balance sheet following the Hopkins Merger on July 8, 2016.  The $1.7 million increase in Atlantic Community Bankers Bank advances at September 30, 2016 when compared to December 31, 2015 resulted from the repurchase of 743,436 shares of the Company s common stock in the first nine-months of 2016. 

CAPITAL RESOURCES  

Ample capital is necessary to sustain growth, provide a measure of protection against unanticipated declines in asset values and safeguard the funds of depositors.  Capital also provides a source of funds to meet loan demand and enables us to manage assets and liabilities effectively. 

At September 30, 2016, our total stockholders  equity was $65.2 million, a decrease from the $67.7 million recorded at December 31, 2015.  The decrease was attributable to the $3.8 million repurchase of the Company s common stock and $0.3 million net unrealized losses on the defined benefit pension plan, offset by the retention of $1.1 million of corporate earnings, $0.3 million unrealized gains on investment securities and $0.2 million from stock-based compensation and issuance of common stock under stock option plan. 

The Bank is subject to various regulatory capital requirements administered by federal banking agencies.  Failure to meet minimum capital requirements can initiate certain mandatory and possibly additional discretionary actions by regulators that, if undertaken, could have a direct material effect on our financial statements.  Under capital adequacy guidelines and the regulatory framework for prompt corrective action, the Bank must meet specific capital guidelines that involve quantitative measures of its assets, liabilities and certain off-balance sheet items as calculated under regulatory accounting practices.  The capital amounts and classification are also subject to qualitative judgments by the regulators about components, risk weightings and other factors. 

In July 2013, federal bank regulatory agencies issued a final rule that revises their risk based capital requirements and the method for calculating risk weighted assets to make them consistent with agreements that were reached by the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision ( Basel III ) and certain provisions of the Dodd-Frank Act.  The rule was applicable to the Bank effective January 1, 2015. 

The rule imposes higher risk based capital and leverage requirements than those in place at the time the rule was issued.  Specifically, the rule imposes the following minimum capital requirements to be considered adequately capitalized: 

A new common equity Tier 1 risk based capital ratio of 4.5%;     

61 

Table of Contents  

A Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio of 6% (increased from the previous 4% requirement);     

A total risk-based capital ratio of 8% (unchanged from previous requirements); and       

A leverage ratio of 4%.     

The rule also includes changes in what constitutes regulatory capital, some of which are subject to a transition period.  These changes include the phasing out of certain instruments as qualifying capital.  In addition, Tier 2 capital is no longer limited to the amount of Tier 1 capital included in total capital.  Certain deferred tax assets over designated percentages of common stock are required to be deducted from capital, subject to a transition period.  Finally, common equity Tier 1 capital includes accumulated other comprehensive income (which includes all unrealized net gains and losses on available for sale debt and equity securities and all unrealized net gain or loss on our defined benefit pension plan), subject to a transition period and a one-time opt-out election.  The Bank elected to opt-out of this provision.  As such, accumulated comprehensive income is not included in determining the Bank s regulatory capital ratios. 

The rule also includes changes in the risk weights of assets to better reflect credit risk and other risk exposures.  These include a 150% risk weight (up from 100%) for certain high volatility commercial real estate acquisitions, development and construction loans and non-residential mortgage loans that are 90 days past due or otherwise on nonaccrual status, a 20% (up from 0%) credit conversion factor for the unused portion of a commitment with an original maturity of one year or less that is not unconditionally cancellable, a 250% risk weight (up from 100%) for deferred tax assets that are not deducted from capital and increased risk weights (from 0% to up to 600%) for certain equity exposures. 

Finally, the rule limits capital distributions and certain discretionary bonus payments if the banking organization does not hold a  capital conservation buffer  consisting of 2.5% (once fully phased in) of common equity Tier 1 capital to risk weighted assets in addition to the amount necessary to meet its minimum risk based capital requirements.    The capital levels of the Bank at September 30, 2016 also exceeded the minimum capital requirements including the currently applicable Conservation Buffer of 0.625%. 

The final rule became effective on January 1, 2015, and the requirements in the rule will be fully phased-in by January 1, 2019.  While the ultimate impact of the fully phased-in capital standards on the Company and the Bank continues to be monitored and assessed, we currently do not believe that compliance with Basel III will have a material impact once fully implemented. 

For regulatory capital purposes as of March 31, 2015, deferred tax assets that arise from net operating loss and tax credit carryforwards (net of any related valuations allowances and net of deferred tax liabilities) are excluded from regulatory capital, in addition to certain overall limits on net deferred tax assets as a percentage of common equity Tier 1 capital.  At September 30, 2016, $0.8 million of the Bank s net deferred tax assets were excluded from common equity Tier 1, Tier 1 and total regulatory capital.  We will continue to evaluate the realizability of our net deferred tax asset on a quarterly basis for both financial reporting and regulatory capital purposes.  This evaluation may result in the inclusion of a deferred tax asset in regulatory capital in an amount that is different from the amount determined under GAAP. 

In addition, the OCC requires that FSBs, like the Bank, maintain a minimum level of Tier 1 capital to average total assets excluding intangibles.  This measure is known as the leverage ratio.  The current regulatory minimum for the leverage ratio for institutions to be considered adequately capitalized is 4%, but an individual institution could be required to maintain a higher level.  In connection with the merger of Carrollton Bank with and into the Bank, the Bank entered into an Operating Agreement with the OCC pursuant to which the Bank agreed, among other things, to maintain a leverage ratio of at least 10% for the term of the Operating Agreement.  The Operating Agreement will remain in effect until it is terminated by the OCC or the Bank ceases to be an FSB.    Effective with the issuance of the 2016 OCC Report of Examination, the leverage ratio required by the Operating Agreement will be reduced from 10% to 8.5%. 

Quantitative measures   established   by regulation to ensure capital adequacy require the Bank to maintain amounts and ratios (set forth in the table below) of total, common equity Tier 1 and Tier 1 capital (as defined in the regulations) to risk-weighted assets (as defined), and a leverage ratio of Tier 1 capital (as defined) to average tangible assets (as defined).  At September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the Bank had regulatory capital in excess of that   

62 

Table of Contents  

required under each requirement and was classified as  well capitalized .    For additional information on the regulatory capital ratios of the Bank at September 30, 2016, see Note 16   to the Company s unaudited consolidated financial statements presented elsewhere in this report. 

Actual capital amounts and ratios for the Bank are presented in the following table (dollars in thousands): 

The OCC is required to take certain supervisory actions against an undercapitalized FSB, the severity of which depends upon the FSB s degree of capitalization.  Failure to maintain an appropriate level of capital could cause the OCC to take any one or more of a number of discretionary supervisory actions, including the issuance of a capital directive and the replacement of senior executive officers and directors. 

Banking regulations also limit the amount of dividends that may be paid without prior approval by an FSB's regulatory agencies.  In addition to these regulations, the Bank agreed in the Operating Agreement that it would not declare or pay any dividends or otherwise reduce its capital unless it is in compliance with the Operating Agreement, including the minimum capital requirements.  The Bank received regulatory approval to pay a $23.27 million one-time cash dividend to the Company to be used to purchase all of the outstanding shares of Hopkins common stock in the Hopkins Merger.  Due to the Bank s desire to preserve capital to fund its growth, the Company currently does not anticipate paying dividends beyond the foregoing described need for the foreseeable future.  In addition to these regulatory restrictions, it should be noted that the declaration of dividends is at the discretion of our Board of Directors and will depend, in part, on our earnings and future capital needs. 

63 

Table of Contents  

LIQUIDITY 

Liquidity describes our ability to meet financial obligations, including lending commitments and contingencies, which arise during the normal course of business.  Liquidity is primarily needed to meet the borrowing and deposit withdrawal requirements of the Company s customers, as well as to meet current and planned expenditures.  Management monitors the liquidity position daily. 

Our liquidity is derived primarily from our deposit base, scheduled amortization and prepayments of loans and investment securities, funds provided by operations and capital.  Additionally, liquidity is provided through our portfolios of cash and interest-bearing deposits in other banks, federal funds sold, loans held for sale, and securities available for sale.  While scheduled principal repayments on loans are a relatively predictable source of funds, deposit flows and loan prepayments are greatly influenced by market interest rates, economic conditions, and rates offered by the Bank s competitors. 

The borrowing requirements of customers include commitments to extend credit and the unused portion of lines of credit, which totaled $87.3 million at September 30, 2016.  Management notes that, historically, a small percentage of unused lines of credit are actually drawn down by customers within a 12-month period. 

Our most liquid assets are cash and assets that can be readily converted into cash, including interest-bearing deposits with banks and federal funds sold, and investment securities.  At September 30, 2016, we had $6.2 million in cash and due from banks, $40.1 million in interest-bearing deposits with banks and federal funds sold, and $52.0 million in investment securities available for sale.  

The Bank also has external sources of funds through the Federal Reserve Bank and FHLB, which can be drawn upon when required.  The Bank has a line of credit totaling approximately $123.9 million with the FHLB of which $70.1 million was available to be drawn on September 30, 2016 based on outstanding advances and qualifying loans pledged as collateral.  In addition, the Bank can pledge securities at the Federal Reserve Bank and FHLB and, depending on the type of security, may borrow approximately 50% to 97% of the fair market value of the securities.  The Bank had $11.2 million of securities pledged at the FHLB, $49.6 thousand of securities pledged at the Federal Reserve Bank, and an additional $50.0 million of unpledged securities.  Using all securities as collateral, the Bank could borrow approximately $46.0 million as of September 30, 2016. 

Additionally, the Bank has unsecured federal funds lines of credit totaling $8.0 million with two institutions and a $4.0 million secured federal funds line of credit with another institution.  The secured federal funds line of credit with another institution would require the Bank to transfer securities currently pledged at the FHLB or the Federal Reserve Bank or to pledge unpledged securities to this institution before it could borrow against this line. In March 2016, the Company and the lender under its unsecured revolving line of credit amended that line to increase the available borrowing limit from $1.0 million to $2.5 million, which will be payable in full in November 2016.  The proceeds of the Company s line of credit may be used for general corporate purposes.  At September 30, 2016, there were no outstanding balances under the Bank s FHLB line and $2.0 million under the Company s line of credit  . 

To further aid in managing liquidity, the Bank s Board of Directors has an Asset/Liability Management Committee ( ALCO ) to review and discuss recommendations for the use of available cash and to maintain an investment portfolio.  By limiting the maturity of securities and maintaining a conservative investment posture, management can rely on the investment portfolio to help meet short-term funding needs.  

We believe the Bank has adequate cash on hand and available through liquidation of investment securities and available borrowing capacity to meet our liquidity needs.  Although we believe sufficient liquidity exists, if economic conditions and consumer confidence deteriorate, this liquidity could be depleted, which would then materially affect our ability to meet operating needs and to raise additional capital. 

64 

Table of Contents  

MARKET RISK AND INTEREST RATE SENSITIVITY  

Our primary market risk is interest rate fluctuation.  Interest rate risk results primarily from the traditional banking activities in which the Bank engages, such as gathering deposits and extending loans.  Many factors, including economic and financial conditions, movements in interest rates and consumer preferences affect the difference between the interest earned on our assets and the interest paid on liabilities.  Our   interest rate risk represents the level of exposure we have to fluctuations in interest rates and is primarily measured as the change in earnings and the theoretical market value of equity that results from changes in interest rates.  The ALCO oversees our management of interest rate risk.  The objective of the management of interest rate risk is to maximize stockholder value, enhance profitability and increase capital, serve customer and community needs, and protect us from any material financial consequences associated with changes in interest rate risk. 

Interest rate risk is that risk to earnings or capital arising from movement of interest rates.  It arises from differences between the timing of rate changes and the timing of cash flows (repricing risk); from changing rate relationships across yield curves that affect bank activities (basis risk); from changing rate relationships across the spectrum of maturities (yield curve risk); and from interest rate related options embedded in certain bank products (option risk).  Changes in interest rates may also affect a bank s underlying economic value.  The value of a bank s assets, liabilities, and interest-rate related, off-balance sheet contracts is affected by a change in rates because the present value of future cash flows, and in some cases the cash flows themselves, is changed. 

We believe that accepting some level of interest rate risk is necessary in order to achieve realistic profit goals.  Management and the Board have chosen an interest rate risk profile that is consistent with our strategic business plan. 

The Company s board of directors has established a comprehensive interest rate risk management policy, which is administered by our ALCO.  The policy establishes limits on risk, which are quantitative measures of the percentage change in net interest income (a measure of net interest income at risk) and the fair value of equity capital (a measure of economic value of equity or  EVE  at risk) resulting from a hypothetical change in U.S. Treasury interest rates.  We measure the potential adverse impacts that changing interest rates may have on our short-term earnings, long-term value, and liquidity by employing simulation analysis through the use of computer modeling.  The simulation model captures optionality factors such as call features and interest rate caps and floors imbedded in investment and loan portfolio contracts.  As with any method of gauging interest rate risk, there are certain shortcomings inherent in the interest rate modeling methodology we employ.  When interest rates change, actual movements in different categories of interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities, loan prepayments, and withdrawals of time and other deposits, may deviate significantly from assumptions used in the model.  Finally, the methodology does not measure or reflect the impact that higher rates may have on adjustable-rate loan customers  ability to service their debts, or the impact of rate changes on demand for loan and deposit products. 

We prepare a current base case and eight alternative simulations at least once a quarter and report the analysis to the board of directors.  In addition, more frequent forecasts are produced when the direction or degree of change in interest rates are particularly uncertain to evaluate the impact of balance sheet strategies or when other business conditions so dictate. 

The statement of condition is subject to quarterly testing for eight alternative interest rate shock possibilities to indicate the inherent interest rate risk.  Average interest rates are shocked by +/ - 100, 200, 300, and 400 basis points ( bp ), although we may elect not to use particular scenarios that we determine are impractical in the current rate environment.  It is our goal to structure the balance sheet so that net interest-earnings at risk over a 12-month period and the economic value of equity at risk do not exceed policy guidelines at the various interest rate shock levels. 

At September 30, 2016, the simulation analysis reflected that the Bank is in a neutral to slightly asset sensitive position.  Management currently strives to manage higher costing fixed rate funding instruments, while seeking to increase assets that are more fluid in their repricing.  An asset sensitive position, theoretically, is favorable in a rising rate environment since more assets than liabilities will re-price in a given time frame as interest rates rise.  Similarly, a liability sensitive position, theoretically, is favorable in a declining interest rate environment since more liabilities than   

65 

Table of Contents  

assets will re-price in a given time frame as interest rates decline.  Management works to maintain a consistent spread between yields on assets and costs of deposits and borrowings, regardless of the direction of interest rates.  

OFF-BALANCE SHEET ARRANGEMENTS  

We enter into off-balance sheet arrangements in the normal course of business.  These arrangements consist primarily of commitments to extend credit, lines of credit, and letters of credit issued by the Bank.  Credit commitments are agreements to lend to a customer as long as there is no violation of any condition to the contract.  Loan commitments generally have interest rates fixed at current market rates, fixed expiration dates, and may require payment of a fee.  Lines of credit generally have variable interest rates.  Such lines do not represent future cash requirements because it is unlikely that all customers will draw upon their lines in full at any time.  Letters of credit are commitments issued to guarantee the performance of a customer to a third party.  

Our exposure to credit loss in the event of nonperformance by the borrower is the contract amount of the commitment.  Loan commitments, lines of credit, and letters of credit are made on the same terms, including collateral, as outstanding loans.  Management is not aware of any accounting loss that we would incur by funding these commitments. 

We originate and sell mortgage loans, primarily to other financial institutions, and provide various representations and warranties related to, among other things, the ownership of the loans, the validity of the liens, the loan selection and origination process, and our compliance with the origination criteria established by the purchasing institution.  In the event of a breach of our representations and warranties, we may be obligated to repurchase the loans with identified defects or to indemnify the buyers.  Our contractual obligation arises only when the breach of representations and warranties are discovered and repurchase is demanded. 

ITEM 3.  QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK      

The Company is a  smaller reporting company  and, as such, disclosure pursuant to this Item 3 is not required. 

ITEM 4.CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES        

The Company maintains disclosure controls and procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the reports that the Company files under the Exchange Act with the SEC, such as this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in those rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to management, including the Company s principal executive officer ( PEO ) and its principal accounting officer ( PAO ), as appropriate, to allow for timely decisions regarding required disclosure.  A control system, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met.  Further, the design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs.  These inherent limitations include the realities that judgments in decision-making can be faulty, and that breakdowns can occur because of simple error or mistake.  Additionally, controls can be circumvented by the individual acts of some persons, by collusion of two or more people, or by management override of the control.  The design of any system of controls also is based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions; over time, a control may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

An evaluation of the effectiveness of these disclosure controls as of September 30, 2016 was carried out under the supervision and with the participation of management, including the PEO and the PAO.  Based on that evaluation, management, including the PEO and the PAO, has concluded that the Company s disclosure controls and procedures are, in fact, effective at the reasonable assurance level. 

During the quarter ended September 30, 2016, there were no changes in the Company s internal controls over financial reporting that materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal controls over financial reporting. 

66 

Table of Contents  

PART II   OTHER INFORMATION   

ITEM 1. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS   

Shortly after the consummation of the Hopkins Merger, Alvin M. Lapidus, the former Chairman of Hopkins, and Lois F. Lapidus, his wife, filed a federal lawsuit against the Bank in which they alleged that a former employee embezzled at least $1.45 million from their deposit accounts at Hopkins Bank prior to the Hopkins Merger, with a significant portion of the embezzlement occurring during the seven days that preceded the Hopkins Merger.  The Bank has filed an answer to this compliant and intends to vigorously defend the litigation.  The Bank cannot at this time predict the outcome of the litigation or determine the Bank s potential exposure.  The Bank believes that its insurance policies will cover a portion of any loss and its legal expenses relating to this litigation and has recorded appropriate accruals in the fair value accounting of the assets and liabilities acquired in the Hopkins Merger. 

In addition, the Company is involved in various legal actions arising from the normal business activities.  In management s opinion, the outcome of these matters, individually or in the aggregate, will not have a material adverse impact on the results of its operations or financial condition.  

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS   

The risks and uncertainties to which the Company s financial condition and results of operations are subject were discussed in Bay s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015.    Management does not believe that any material changes in these risk factors have occurred since they were last disclosed. 

ITEM 2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS 

The following table provides information about shares of common stock purchased by or on behalf of the Company and its affiliates (as defined by Exchange Act Rule 10b-18) during the quarter ended September 30, 2016: 

Note:   

(1) 

On February 24, 2016, the Company s Board of Directors approved a new stock purchase program that authorizes the Company to repurchase up to 250,000 shares of its common stock over a 12-month period in open market and/or through privately negotiated transactions.  The stock purchase program was publicly announced on April 28, 2016.     

(2) 

On August 11, 2016, the Board of Directors amended its February 24, 2016 stock repurchase program to (i)  authorize the repurchase of an additional 250,000 shares of the Company s common stock, (ii)  extend the repurchase period through August 31, 2017, and (iii)  in the case of a privately-negotiated repurchase transaction, permit the Company to repurchase shares at a price that is less than the fair market value of a share of common stock at the time of repurchase.  The stock purchase program was publicly announced on August 11, 2016.     

ITEM 3. DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES   

None. 

67 

Table of Contents  

ITEM 4 MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES   

Not applicable. 

ITEM 5. OTHER INFORMATION   

None. 

ITEM 6. EXHIBITS   

The exhibits filed or furnished with this quarterly report are listed in the exhibit index that immediately follows the signature hereto, which list is incorporated herein by reference. 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.  

BAY BANCORP, INC  

Date  

November 21, 2016  

By:  

/s/Joseph J. Thomas  

Joseph J. Thomas  

President and Chief Executive Officer  

(Principal Executive Officer)  

Date  

November 21, 2016  

By:  

/s/ Larry D. Pickett  

Larry D. Pickett  

Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer  

(Principal Accounting Officer)  

EXHIBIT INDEX 

Exhibit No.  

Description  

31.1  

Rule 13a-14(a) Certification by the Principal Accounting Officer (filed herewith)  

31.2  

Rule 13a-14(a) Certification by the Principal Accounting Officer (filed herewith)  

32.1  

Certification by the Principal Executive Officer of the periodic financial reports, required by Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (furnished herewith)  

32.2  

Certification by the Principal Accounting Officer of the periodic financial reports, required by Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (furnished herewith)  

101  

Interactive Data Files pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (filed herewith)  

68 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 bybk-20160930ex311686f09.htm
 EX-31.1

bybk_Ex31_1

Exhibit 31.1 

Certification of Principal Executive Officer (Exchange Act Rule 13-a-14(a)) 

I, Joseph J. Tho  mas,    certify that: 

(1)     I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Bay Bancorp, Inc.; 

(2)     Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

(3)     Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

(4)     The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a)     Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b)     Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c)     Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d)     Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

(5)     The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a)     All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b)     Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

/s/  Joseph. J. Thomas  

Joseph J. Thomas  

Date:  November 21, 2016  

President and Chief Executive Officer  

(  Principal Executive Officer)  

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 bybk-20160930ex312bd28c8.htm
 EX-31.2

bybk_Ex31_2

Exhibit 31.2 

Certification of Principal Financial Officer 

I, Larry D Pickett, certify that: 

(1)     I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Bay Bancorp Inc.; 

(2)     Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

(3)     Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

(4)     The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a)     Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b)     Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c)     Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d)     Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an quarterly report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

(5)     The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a)     All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b)     Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

/s/ Larry D. Pickett  

Larry D. Pickett  

Date:  November 21, 2016  

Chief Financial Officer  

(Principal Accounting Officer)  

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 bybk-20160930ex321f130c4.htm
 EX-32.1

bybk_Ex32_1

Exhibit 32.1 

Certification of Principal Executive Officer 

In connection with the quarterly report of Bay Bancorp, Inc. on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2016 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof, I, Joseph J. Thomas, hereby certify pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, to the best of my knowledge and belief, that: 

(1) such Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2016, fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) the information contained in such Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2016, fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of Bay Bancorp, Inc. 

/s/ Joseph J. Thomas  

Joseph J. Thomas  

President and Chief Executive Officer  

(Principal Executive Officer)  

November 21, 2016  

This certification is made solely for the purpose of 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, and is not being filed as part of the Form 10-Q or as a separate disclosure document, and may not be disclosed, distributed or used by any person for any reason other than as specifically required by law.   

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 bybk-20160930ex322b8c00d.htm
 EX-32.2

bybk_Ex32_2

Exhibit 32.2 

Certification of Principal Financial Officer 

In connection with the quarterly report of Bay Bancorp, Inc. on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2016 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof, I, Larry D. Pickett, hereby certify pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, to the best of my knowledge and belief, that: 

(1) such Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2016, fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) the information contained in such Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2016, fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of Bay Bancorp, Inc. 

/s/ Larry D. Pickett  

Larry D. Pickett  

Chief Financial Officer   

(Principal Accounting Officer)  

November 21, 2016  

This certification is made solely for the purpose of 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, and is not being filed as part of the Form 10-Q or as a separate disclosure document, and may not be disclosed, distributed or used by any person for any reason other than as specifically required by law.   

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 bybk-20160930.xml
 EX-101.INS

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 bybk-20160930.xsd
 EX-101.SCH

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 bybk-20160930_cal.xml
 EX-101.CAL

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 bybk-20160930_def.xml
 EX-101.DEF

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 bybk-20160930_lab.xml
 EX-101.LAB

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 bybk-20160930_pre.xml
 EX-101.PRE

</EX-101.PRE>

