<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161206_10-K_edgar_data_1057060_0001564590-16-029870_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>9225643</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>328977</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>353855</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2352133</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2872915</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1859289</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>56</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001564590-16-029870.hdr.sgml : 20161206
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161206160206
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001564590-16-029870
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		87
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161206
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161206

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			MARINEMAX INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001057060
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	RETAIL-AUTO & HOME SUPPLY STORES [5531]
		IRS NUMBER:				593496957
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0930

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-14173
		FILM NUMBER:		162036338

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2600 MCCORMICK DRIVE
		STREET 2:		SUITE200
		CITY:			CLEARWATER
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33759
		BUSINESS PHONE:		8135318150

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2600 MCCORMICK DRIVE
		STREET 2:		SUITE200
		CITY:			CLEARWATER
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33759

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001564590-16-029870.txt : 20161206

10-K
 1
 hzo-10k_20160930.htm
 10-K

hzo-10k_20160930.htm

UNITED STATES  
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, DC 20549 

Form 10-K 

For the fiscal year ended September 30, 2016 
 Commission File Number 1-14173 

MarineMax, Inc. 
 (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter) 

2600 McCormick Drive 
 Suite 200 
 Clearwater, Florida 33759 
 (727) 531-1700 
 (Address, including zip code, and telephone number, including area code, of principal executive offices) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of Each Class   

Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered   

Common Stock, par value $.001 per share  

New York Stock Exchange  

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 
 None 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act.   Yes          No        
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act.   Yes          No        
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.   Yes          No        
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Website, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (  232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).   Yes         No        
 Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K (  229.450 of this chapter) is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best of registrant s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K.        
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company.  See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.  (Check one): 

Large accelerated filer  

Accelerated filer  

Non-accelerated filer  

(Do not check if a smaller reporting company)  
 
 Smaller reporting company  

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act).     Yes            No        
 The aggregate market value of common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant (22,846,454 shares) based on the closing price of the registrant s common stock as reported on the New York Stock Exchange on March 31, 2016, which was the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter, was $444,820,459.  For purposes of this computation, all officers and directors of the registrant are deemed to be affiliates.  Such determination should not be deemed to be an admission that such officers and directors are, in fact, affiliates of the registrant. 
 As of December 1, 2016, there were outstanding 26,048,059 shares of the registrant s common stock, par value $.001 per share. 
 Documents Incorporated by Reference 
 Portions of the registrant s definitive proxy statement for the 2017 Annual Meeting of Shareholders are incorporated by reference into Part III of this report. 

MARINEMAX, INC.  
 ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K 
 Fiscal Year Ended September 30, 2016 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

PART I    

Item 1  

Business    
 
 1  

Item 1A  

Risk Factors    
 
 22  

Item 1B  

Unresolved Staff Comments    
 
 34  

Item 2  

Properties    
 
 34  

Item 3  

Legal Proceedings    
 
 37  

Item 4  

Mine Safety Disclosures    
 
 37  

PART II    

Item 5.  

Market for the Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities    
 
 37  

Item 6  

Selected Financial Data    
 
 40  

Item 7  

Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations    
 
 41  

Item 7A  

Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk    
 
 50  

Item 8  

Financial Statements and Supplementary Data    
 
 50  

Item 9  

Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure    
 
 50  

Item 9A  

Controls and Procedures    
 
 50  

Item 9B  

Other Information    
 
 53  

PART III    

Item 10  

Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance    
 
 53  

Item 11  

Executive Compensation    
 
 53  

Item 12  

Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters    
 
 53  

Item 13  

Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence    
 
 53  

Item 14  

Principal Accountant Fees and Services    
 
 53  

PART IV    

Item 15  

Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules    
 
 53  

Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Information 
 The statements contained in this report on Form 10-K that are not purely historical are forward-looking statements within the meaning of applicable securities laws.  Forward-looking statements include statements regarding our  expectations,   anticipations,   intentions,   beliefs,  or  strategies  regarding the future.  Forward-looking statements also include statements regarding revenue, margins, expenses, and earnings for fiscal 2017 and thereafter; our belief that our practices enhance our ability to attract more customers, foster an overall enjoyable boating experience, and offer boat manufacturers stable and professional retail distribution and a broad geographic presence; our assessment of our competitive advantages, including our hassle-free sales approach, prime retail locations, premium product offerings, extensive facilities, strong management and team members, and emphasis on customer service and satisfaction before and after a boat sale; our belief that our core values of customer service and satisfaction and our strategies will enable us to achieve success and long-term growth as economic conditions continue to recover; and our belief that our retailing strategies are aligned with the desires of consumers.  All forward-looking statements included in this report are based on information available to us as of the filing date of this report, and we assume no obligation to update any such forward-looking statements.  Our actual results could differ materially from the forward-looking statements.  Among the factors that could cause actual results to differ materially are the factors discussed under Item 1A,  Risk Factors.  

PART   I  

Item 1.   
 
      Business     

 Introduction 
 Our Company 
 We are the largest recreational boat and yacht dealer in the United States.  Through 56 retail locations in Alabama, California, Connecticut, Florida, Georgia, Maryland, Massachusetts, Minnesota, Missouri, New Jersey, New York, North Carolina, Ohio, Oklahoma, Rhode Island, and Texas, we sell new and used recreational boats, including pleasure and fishing boats, with a focus on premium brands in each segment.  We also sell related marine products, including engines, trailers, parts, and accessories.  In addition, we provide repair, maintenance, and slip and storage services; we arrange related boat financing, insurance, and extended service contracts; we offer boat and yacht brokerage sales; and we operate a yacht charter business. 
 We are the nation s largest retailer of Sea Ray and Boston Whaler recreational boats and yachts which are manufactured by Brunswick Corporation ( Brunswick ).  Sales of new Brunswick boats accounted for approximately 40% of our revenue in fiscal 2016. Sales of new Sea Ray and Boston Whaler boats, both divisions of Brunswick, accounted for approximately 24% and 14%, respectively, of our revenue in fiscal 2016. Brunswick is a world leading manufacturer of marine products and marine engines.  We believe our sales represented approximately 10% of all Brunswick marine sales, including approximately 53% of its Sea Ray boat sales, during our fiscal 2016.  We have agreements with Brunswick covering Sea Ray products and Boston Whaler products and are the exclusive dealer of Sea Ray and Boston Whaler boats in almost all of our geographic markets.  We also are the exclusive dealer for Meridian Yachts, and Harris aluminum boats, both divisions of Brunswick, in most of our geographic markets. We also are the exclusive dealer for Italy-based Azimut-Benetti Group, or Azimut, for Azimut mega-yachts, yachts, and other recreational boats for the United States. Sales of new Azimut boats accounted for approximately 11% of our revenue in fiscal 2016. Additionally, we are the exclusive dealer for certain other premium brands that serve certain industry segments in our markets as shown by the table on page four. 
 We commenced operations as a result of the March 1, 1998 acquisition of five previously independent recreational boat dealers.  Since that time, we have acquired 26 additional previously independent recreational boat dealers, two boat brokerage operations, and two full-service yacht repair operations.  We attempt to capitalize on the experience and success of the acquired companies in order to establish a high national standard of customer service and responsiveness in the highly fragmented retail boating industry.  As a result of our emphasis on premium brand boats, our average selling price for a new boat in fiscal 2016 was approximately $198,000, an increase of approximately 16% from approximately $171,000 in fiscal 2015, compared with the industry average selling price for calendar 2015 of approximately $42,000 based on industry data published by the National Marine Manufacturers Association.  Our stores that operated at least 12 months averaged approximately $18.5 million in annual sales in fiscal 2016.  We consider a store to be one or more retail locations that are adjacent or operate as one entity.  Our same-store sales increased 6% in fiscal 2014 and increased 22% in fiscal 2015 and 2016. 
 We attempt to adopt the best practices developed by us and our acquired companies as appropriate to enhance our ability to attract and retain more customers, foster an overall enjoyable boating experience, and offer boat manufacturers stable and professional retail distribution and a broad geographic presence.  We believe that our full range of services, hassle free approach, prime retail locations, premium product offerings, extensive facilities, strong management and team members, and emphasis on customer service and satisfaction before and after a boat sale are competitive advantages that enable us to be more responsive to the needs of existing and prospective customers. We strive to provide superior customer service and support before, during, and after the sale. 
 The U.S. recreational boating industry generated approximately $35.9 billion in retail sales in calendar 2015, which is down from the peak of $39.5 billion in calendar 2006. Total powerboats sold in calendar 2015 were approximately 183,100 units as compared to 298,100 units sold in calendar 2006.  The retail sales include sales of new and used boats; marine products, such as engines, trailers, equipment, and accessories; and related expenditures, such as fuel, insurance, docking, storage, and repairs.  Retail sales of new and used boats, engines, trailers, and accessories accounted for approximately $26.7 billion of these sales in 2015 based on industry data from the National Marine Manufacturers Association.  The highly fragmented retail boating industry generally consists of small dealers that operate in a single market and provide varying degrees of merchandising, professional management, and customer service.  We believe that many small dealers are finding it increasingly difficult to make the managerial and capital commitments necessary to achieve higher customer service levels and upgrade systems and facilities as required by boat manufacturers and often demanded by customers.  We also believe that many dealers lack an exit strategy for their owners.  We believe these factors contribute to our opportunity to gain a competitive advantage in current and future markets, through market expansions and acquisitions. 
 1 
 
  Strategy  
 Our goal is to enhance our position as the nation s leading recreational boat dealer.  Key elements of our operating and growth strategy include the following: 

emphasizing customer satisfaction and loyalty by creating an overall enjoyable boating experience, beginning with a hassle-free purchase process, customer training, superior customer service, company-led events called Getaways!  , and premier facilities;     

achieving efficiencies and synergies among our operations to enhance internal growth and profitability;     

promoting national brand name recognition and the MarineMax connection;     

offering additional marine products and services, including those with higher profit margins;     

expanding our Internet marketing;     

pursuing strategic acquisitions to capitalize upon the consolidation opportunities in the highly fragmented recreational boat dealer industry by acquiring additional dealers and related operations and improving their performance and profitability through the implementation of our operating strategies;     

opening additional retail facilities in our existing and new territories;     

emphasizing employee recruitment and retention through training, motivation, and development;     

emphasizing the best practices developed by us and our acquired dealers as appropriate throughout our dealerships;     

operating with a decentralized approach to the operational management of our dealerships; and     

utilizing common platform information technology throughout operations, which facilitates the interchange of information sharing and enhances cross-selling opportunities throughout our company.     

 Development of the Company; Expansion of Business 
 MarineMax was founded in January 1998.  MarineMax itself, however, conducted no operations until the acquisition of five independent recreational boat dealers on March 1, 1998, and we completed our initial public offering in June 1998.  Since the initial acquisitions in March 1998, we have acquired 26 additional recreational boat dealers, two boat brokerage operations, and two full-service yacht repair operations.  Acquired dealers operate under the MarineMax name. 
 We continually attempt to enhance our business by providing a full range of services, offering extensive and high-quality product lines, maintaining prime retail locations, pursuing the MarineMax One Price hassle-free sales approach, and emphasizing a high level of customer service and satisfaction. 
 We also from time to time evaluate opportunities to expand our operations by acquiring recreational boat dealers to expand our geographic scope, expanding our product lines, opening new retail locations within or outside our existing territories, and offering new products and services for our customers. 
 2 
 
  Acquisitions of   additional recreational boat dealers represent an important strategy in our goal to enhance our position as the nation s largest retailer of recreational boats.  The following table sets forth information regarding the businesses that we have acquired and   their geographic regions.  

Acquired Companies  

Acquisition Date  

Geographic Region  

Bassett Boat Company of Florida  

March 1998  

Southeast Florida  

Louis DelHomme Marine  

March 1998  

Dallas and Houston, Texas  

Gulfwind USA, Inc.  

March 1998  

West Central Florida  

Gulfwind South, Inc.  

March 1998  

Southwest Florida  

Harrison s Boat Center, Inc. and Harrison s 
    Marine Centers of Arizona, Inc. (1)  

March 1998  

Northern California and Arizona  

Stovall Marine, Inc.  

April 1998  

Georgia  

Cochran s Marine, Inc. and C   N 
    Marine Corporation  

July 1998  

Minnesota  

Sea Ray of North Carolina, Inc.  

July 1998  

North and South Carolina  

Brevard Boat Company  

September 1998  

East Central Florida  

Sea Ray of Las Vegas (2)  

September 1998  

Nevada  

Treasure Cove Marina, Inc.  

September 1998  

Northern Ohio  

Woods   Oviatt, Inc.  

October 1998  

Southeast Florida  

Boating World  

February 1999  

Dallas, Texas  

Merit Marine, Inc.  

March 1999  

Southern New Jersey  

Suburban Boatworks, Inc.  

April 1999  

Central New Jersey  

Hansen Marine, Inc.  

August 1999  

Northeast Florida  

Duce Marine, Inc. (2)  

December 1999  

Utah  

Clark s Landing, Inc. (selected New Jersey 
    locations and operations)  

April 2000  

Northern New Jersey  

Associated Marine Technologies, Inc.  

January 2001  

Southeast Florida  

Gulfwind Marine Partners, Inc.  

April 2002  

West Florida  

Seaside Marine, Inc.  

July 2002  

Southern California  

Sundance Marine, Inc. (3)  

June 2003  

Colorado  

Killinger Marine Center, Inc. and Killinger 
    Marine Center of Alabama, Inc.  

September 2003  

Northwest Florida and Alabama  

Emarine International, Inc. and 
    Steven Myers, Inc.  

October 2003  

Southeast Florida  

Imperial Marine  

June 2004  

Baltimore, Maryland  

Port Jacksonville Marine  

June 2004  

Northeast Florida  

Port Arrowhead Marina, Inc.  

January 2006  

Missouri, Oklahoma  

Great American Marina (4)  

February 2006  

West Florida  

Surfside   3 Marina, Inc.  

March 2006  

Connecticut, Maryland, 
    New York and Rhode Island  

Treasure Island Marina, LLC  

February 2011  

Florida Panhandle  

Bassett Marine, LLC  

September 2012  

Connecticut, Rhode Island, 
    Western Massachusetts  

Parker Boat Company  

March 2013  

Central Florida  

Ocean Alexander Yachts  

April 2014  

Eastern United States  

Bahia Mar Marina  

January 2016  

Florida Panhandle  

Russo Marine  

April 2016  

Eastern Massachusetts and Rhode Island  

(1)   
 
 We subsequently closed the Northern California operations of Harrison Boat Center, Inc. and Harrison s Marine Centers of Arizona, Inc.     

(2)   
 
 We subsequently closed the operations of Sea Ray of Las Vegas and Duce Marine, Inc.    

(3)   
 
 We subsequently sold the operations of Sundance Marine, Inc.    

(4)   
 
 Initially a joint venture; full ownership acquired in February 2016.    

 3 
 
  Apart from acquisitions, we have opened 33 new retail locations in existing territories, excluding those opened on a temporary basis for a specific pu  rpose.  We also monitor the performance of our retail locations and close retail locations that do not meet our expectations.  Based on these factors and previous depressed economic conditions, we have closed 63 retail locations since March 1998, excluding   those opened on a temporary basis for a specific purpose, including 26 in fiscal 2009 and a total of six during the last three fiscal years.  
 As a part of our acquisition strategy, we frequently engage in discussions with various recreational boat dealers regarding their potential acquisition by us.  In connection with these discussions, we and each potential acquisition candidate exchange confidential operational and financial information; conduct due diligence inquiries; and consider the structure, terms, and conditions of the potential acquisition.  In certain cases, the prospective acquisition candidate agrees not to discuss a potential acquisition with any other party for a specific period of time, grants us an option to purchase the prospective dealer for a designated price during a specific time period, and agrees to take other actions designed to enhance the possibility of the acquisition, such as preparing audited financial information and converting its accounting system to the system specified by us.  Potential acquisition discussions frequently take place over a long period of time and involve difficult business integration and other issues, including in some cases, management succession and related matters.  As a result of these and other factors, a number of potential acquisitions that from time to time appear likely to occur do not result in binding legal agreements and are not consummated. 
 In addition to acquiring recreational boat dealers and opening new retail locations, we also add new product lines to expand our operations.  The following table sets forth certain of our current product lines that we have added to our existing locations during the years indicated. 

Product Line  

Fiscal Year  

Geographic Regions  

Boston Whaler  

1998  

West Central Florida, Stuart, Florida, Dallas, Texas  

Hatteras Yachts  

1999  

Florida  

Meridian Yachts  

2002  

Florida, Georgia, North and South Carolina, New Jersey, 
    Ohio, Minnesota, Texas, and Delaware  

Grady White  

2002  

Houston, Texas  

Boston Whaler  

2004  

North and South Carolina  

Boston Whaler  

2005  

Houston  

Azimut  

2006  

Northeast United States from Maryland to Maine  

Atlantis  

2006  

Northeast United States from Maryland to Maine  

Grady White  

2006  

Pensacola, Florida  

Azimut  

2008  

Florida  

Meridian Yachts  

2009  

Maryland and Delaware  

Boston Whaler  

2009  

Southwest Florida  

Harris  

2010  

Missouri, Minnesota, and New Jersey  

Nautique by Correct Craft  

2010  

West Central Florida, Georgia, Minnesota, and Missouri,  

Grady White  

2010  

Jacksonville, Florida  

Harris  

2011  

West Central Florida  

Azimut  

2012  

United States other than where previously held  

Boston Whaler  

2012  

Pompano, Florida  

Harris  

2012  

Alabama, North and Southwest Florida, Wrightsville, 
    North Carolina, and Texas  

Scout  

2012  

Southeast Florida, Maryland, and New Jersey  

Sailfish  

2013  

Connecticut, Brevard and Jacksonville, Florida, the Florida 
    panhandle, West Central Florida, New Jersey, New York, 
    North Carolina, Ohio, Rhode Island, and Texas  

Scarab Jet Boats  

2013  

All geographic regions in which we operate  

Atlantis  

2013  

Florida  

Ocean Alexander Yachts  

2014  

Eastern United States  

Scout  

2014  

Texas, New York  

Aquila  

2014  

Worldwide, excluding China  

Galeon  

2015  

North, Central, and South America  

Grady White  

2016  

Miami, Florida  

4 
 
  We add brands with the intent to either offer a migration path for our existing customer base or fill a gap in our product offerings.  As a   result, we believe that new brands we offer are generally complementary and do not cannibalize the business generated from our other prominent brands.  We also discontinue offering product lines from time to time, primarily based upon customer preferences  .  
 During the nine-year period from the commencement of our operations through our fiscal year ended September 30, 2007, our revenue increased from $291.0 million to more than $1.2 billion.  Our revenue and net income increased in seven of those nine years over the prior year revenue and net income.  This period was marked by an increase in retail locations from 41 on September 30, 1998 to 88 on September 30, 2007, resulting from acquisitions and opening new stores in existing territories. 
 Our growth was interrupted during the fiscal year ended September 30, 2007, primarily as a result of factors related to the deteriorating housing market and general economic conditions.  The substantially deteriorating economic and financial conditions, reduced consumer confidence and spending, increased fuel prices, reduction of credit availability, financial market declines, and asset value deterioration all contributed to substantially lower financial performance in the fiscal years ended September 30, 2008 and 2009, including significant net losses, followed by pre-tax losses in the fiscal years ended September 30, 2010 and 2011.  We returned to profitability in fiscal 2012.  
 As industry conditions continue to recover, we strive to maintain our core values of high customer service and satisfaction and plan to continue to pursue strategies that we believe will enable us to achieve long-term success and growth. As noted in the earlier table, we have capitalized on a number of brand expansion opportunities in the markets in which we operate.  We believe our expanded product offerings have strengthened our same-store sales growth. We plan to further expand our business through both acquisitions in new territories and new store openings in existing territories.  In addition, we plan to continue to expand our other traditional and newly offered services, including conducting used boat sales at our retail locations, at offsite locations, and on the Internet; selling related marine products, including engines, trailers, parts, and accessories at our retail locations and at various offsite locations, and through our print catalog; providing maintenance, repair, and storage services at most of our retail locations; offering our customers the ability to finance new or used boats; offering extended service contracts; arranging insurance coverage, including boat property, credit-life, accident, disability, and casualty coverage; offering boat and yacht brokerage sales at most of our retail locations and at various offsite locations; and conducting our yacht charter business. Our expansion plans will depend, in large part, upon economic and industry conditions. 
 We maintain our executive offices at 2600 McCormick Drive, Suite 200, Clearwater, Florida 33759, and our telephone number is (727) 531-1700.  We were incorporated in the state of Delaware in January 1998 and then re-incorporated in Florida in March 2015. Unless the context otherwise requires, all references to  MarineMax  mean MarineMax, Inc. prior to its acquisition of five previously independent recreational boat dealers in March 1998 (including their related real estate companies) and all references to the  Company,   our company,   we,   us,  and  our  mean, as a combined company, MarineMax, Inc. and the 26 recreational boat dealers, two boat brokerage operations, and two full-service yacht repair operations acquired to date (the  acquired dealers,  and together with the brokerage and repair operations,  operating subsidiaries,  or the  acquired companies ). 
 Our website is located at  www.MarineMax.com .  Through our website, we make available free of charge our annual report on Form 10-K, our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, our current reports on Form 8-K, our proxy statements, and any amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.  These reports are available as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file those reports with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the  SEC ).  We also post on our website the charters of our Audit, Compensation, and Nominating/Corporate Governance Committees; our Corporate Governance Guidelines, Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, and Code of Ethics for the CEO and Senior Financial Officers, and any amendments or waivers thereto; and any other corporate governance materials contemplated by the SEC or the regulations of the New York Stock Exchange, or NYSE.  These documents are also available in print to any stockholder requesting a copy from our corporate secretary at our principal executive offices.  Because our common stock is listed on the NYSE, our Chief Executive Officer is required to make an annual certification to the NYSE stating that he is not aware of any violation by us of the corporate governance listing standards of the NYSE.  Our Chief Executive Officer made his annual certification to that effect to the NYSE on February 29, 2016. 
 Business 
 General 
 We are the largest recreational boat dealer in the United States.  Through 56 retail locations in Alabama, California, Connecticut, Florida, Georgia, Maryland, Massachusetts, Minnesota, Missouri, New Jersey, New York, North Carolina, Ohio, Oklahoma, Rhode Island, and Texas, we sell new and used recreational boats, including pleasure boats (such as sport boats, sport cruisers, sport yachts, and yachts), and fishing boats, with a focus on premium brands in each segment. 
 5 
 
  We are the nation s largest retailer of Sea Ray and Boston Whaler recreational boats and yachts, which are manufactured by Brunswick Corporation,   or Brunswick.  Sales of new Brunswick boats accounted for approximately 40% of our revenue in fiscal 2016. Sales of new Sea Ray and Boston Whaler boats, both divisions of Brunswick, accounted for approximately 24% and 14%, respectively, of our revenue in f  iscal 2016. Brunswick is a world leading manufacturer of marine products and marine engines.  We believe our sales represented approximately 10% of all Brunswick marine sales, including approximately 53% of its Sea Ray boat sales, during our fiscal 2016.    We have agreements with Brunswick covering Sea Ray products and Boston Whaler products and are the exclusive dealer of Sea Ray and Boston Whaler boats in almost all of our geographic markets.  We also are the exclusive dealer for Meridian Yachts and Harris   aluminum boats, both divisions of Brunswick, in most of our geographic markets. We also are the exclusive dealer for Italy-based Azimut-Benetti Group, or Azimut, for Azimut mega-yachts, yachts, and other recreational boats for the United States. Sales of   new Azimut boats accounted for approximately 11% of our revenue in fiscal 2016. Additionally, we are the exclusive dealer for certain other premium brands that serve specific industry segments in our markets as shown by the table on page four.  
 We also are involved in other boating-related activities.  We sell used boats at our retail locations, online, and at various third-party marinas and other offsite locations; we sell marine engines and propellers, primarily to our retail customers as replacements for their existing engines and propellers; we sell a broad variety of parts and accessories at our retail locations and at various offsite locations, and through our print catalog; we offer maintenance, repair, and slip and storage services at most of our retail locations; we offer finance and insurance, or F I, products at our retail locations and at various offsite locations and to our customers and independent boat dealers and brokers; we offer boat and yacht brokerage sales at most of our retail locations and at various offsite locations; and we conduct a yacht charter business in which we offer customers the opportunity to charter third-party and company owned power and sailing yachts in exotic locations. 
 U.S. Recreational Boating Industry 
 The U.S. recreational boating industry generated approximately $35.9 billion in retail sales in calendar 2015, which is down from the peak of $39.5 billion in calendar 2006. The retail sales include sales of new and used recreational boats; marine products, such as engines, trailers, parts, and accessories; and related boating expenditures, such as fuel, insurance, docking, storage, and repairs.  Retail sales of new and used boats, engines, trailers, equipment, and accessories accounted for approximately $26.7 billion of such sales in calendar 2015. Total powerboats sold in calendar 2015 were approximately 183,100 units as compared to 298,100 units sold in calendar 2006. Annual retail recreational boating sales were $17.9 billion in 1988, but declined to a low of $10.3 billion in 1992 based on industry data published by the National Marine Manufacturers Association.  We believe this decline was attributable to several factors, including a recession, the Gulf War, and the imposition throughout 1991 and 1992 of a luxury tax on boats sold at prices in excess of $100,000.  The luxury tax was repealed in 1993, and retail boating sales increased each year thereafter except for 1998, 2003, and 2007 through 2010. 
 The recreational boat retail market remains highly fragmented with little consolidation having occurred to date and consists of numerous boat retailers, most of which are small companies owned by individuals that operate in a single market and provide varying degrees of merchandising, professional management, and customer service. We believe that many boat retailers are encountering increased pressure from boat manufacturers to improve their levels of service and systems, increased competition from larger national retailers in certain product lines, and, in certain cases, business succession issues. 
 Strategy 
 Our goal is to enhance our position as the nation s leading recreational boat dealer.  Key elements of our operating and growth strategy include the following. 
 Emphasizing Customer Satisfaction and Loyalty .   We seek to achieve a high level of customer satisfaction and establish long-term customer loyalty by creating an overall enjoyable boating experience beginning with a hassle-free purchase process.  We seek to further enhance and simplify the purchase process by helping to arrange financing and insurance at our retail locations with competitive terms and streamlined turnaround.  We offer the customer a thorough in-water orientation of boat operations where available, as well as ongoing boat safety, maintenance, and use seminars and demonstrations for the customer s entire family.  We also continue our customer service after the sale by leading and sponsoring MarineMax Getaways! group boating trips to various destinations, rendezvous gatherings, and on-the-water organized events to provide our customers with pre-arranged opportunities to enjoy the pleasures of the boating lifestyle.  We also endeavor to provide superior maintenance and repair services, often through mobile service at the customer s wet slip and with extended service department hours and emergency service availability, that minimize the hassles of boat maintenance.  
 Achieving Operating Efficiencies and Synergies .   We strive to increase the operating efficiencies of and achieve certain synergies among our dealerships in order to enhance internal growth and profitability.  We centralize various aspects of certain administrative functions at the corporate level, such as accounting, finance, insurance coverage, employee benefits, marketing,   
 6 
 
  strategic planning, legal   support, purchasing and distribution, and management information systems.  Centralization of these functions reduces duplicative expenses and permits the dealerships to benefit from a level of scale and expertise that would otherwise be unavailable to eac  h dealership individually.  We also seek to realize cost savings from reduced inventory carrying costs as a result of purchasing boat inventories on a national level and directing boats to dealership locations that can more readily sell such boats; lower f  inancing costs through our credit sources; and volume purchase discounts and rebates for certain marine products, supplies, and advertising.  The ability of our retail locations to offer the complementary services of our other retail locations, such as off  ering customer excursion opportunities, providing maintenance and repair services at the customer s boat location, and giving access to broader inventory selections, increases the competitiveness of each retail location.  By centralizing these types of act  ivities, our store managers have more time to focus on the customer and the development of their teams.  
 Promoting Brand Name Recognition and the MarineMax Connection .  We are promoting our brand name recognition to take advantage of our status as the nation s only coast-to-coast marine retailer.  This strategy also recognizes that many existing and potential customers who reside in Northern markets and vacation for substantial periods in Southern markets will likely prefer to purchase and service their boats from the same well-known company.  We refer to this strategy as the  MarineMax Connection.  As a result, our signage emphasizes the MarineMax name at each of our locations, and we conduct national advertising in various print and other media.  
 Offering Additional Products and Services, Including Those Involving Higher Profit Margins .  We plan to continue to offer additional product lines and services throughout our dealerships and, when appropriate, online and various offsite locations.  We are increasingly offering throughout our dealerships product lines that previously have been offered only at certain of our locations.  We also obtain additional product lines through the acquisition of distribution rights directly from manufacturers and the acquisition of dealerships with distribution rights.  In either situation, such expansion is typically done through agreements that appoint us as the exclusive dealer for a designated geographic territory.  We plan to continue to grow our financing and insurance, parts and accessories, service, and boat storage businesses to better serve our customers and thereby increase revenue and improve profitability of these higher margin businesses.  We also have implemented programs to increase the generation of leads and sales of boats over the Internet.  In addition, we have established a yacht charter business and are conducting programs to sell used boats, offer F I products, and sell boating parts and accessories at various offsite locations.  
 Marketing over the Internet .  Our web initiatives span across multiple websites, including our core site,  www.MarineMax.com .  The websites provide customers with the ability to learn more about our company and our products.  Our website generates direct sales and provides our stores with leads to potential customers for new and used boats, brokerage sales, finance and insurance products, and repair and maintenance services.  In addition, we utilize various feeder websites and social networking websites to drive additional traffic and leads for our various product and service offerings.  As mentioned above, we also maintain multiple online storefronts for customers to submit an inquiry, purchase boats, and purchase a wide variety of boating parts and accessories.  
 Pursuing Strategic Acquisitions .  One of our strategies is to capitalize upon the significant consolidation opportunities available in the highly fragmented recreational boat dealer industry by acquiring independent dealers and improving their performance and profitability through the implementation of our operating strategies.  The primary acquisition focus is on well-established, high-end recreational boat dealers in geographic markets not currently served by us, particularly geographic markets with strong boating demographics, such as areas within the coastal states and the Great Lakes region.  We also may seek to acquire boat dealers that, while located in attractive geographic markets, have not been able to realize favorable market share or profitability and that can benefit substantially from our systems and operating strategies.  We may expand our range of product lines, service offerings, and market penetration by acquiring companies that distribute recreational boat product lines or boating-related services different from those we currently offer.  As a result of our considerable industry experience and relationships, we believe we are well positioned to identify and evaluate acquisition candidates and assess their growth prospects, the quality of their management teams, their local reputation with customers, and the suitability of their locations.  We believe we are regarded as an attractive acquirer by boat dealers because of: (1) the historical performance and the experience and reputation of our management team within the industry; (2) our decentralized operating strategy, which generally enables the managers of an acquired dealer to continue their involvement in dealership operations; (3) the ability of management and employees of an acquired dealer to participate in our growth and expansion through potential stock ownership and career advancement opportunities; and (4) the ability to offer liquidity to the owners of acquired dealers through the receipt of common stock or cash.  We have entered into an agreement regarding acquisitions with the Sea Ray Division of Brunswick.  Under the agreement, acquisitions of Sea Ray dealers will be mutually agreed upon by us and Sea Ray with reasonable efforts to be made to include a balance of Sea Ray dealers that have been successful and those that have not been.  The agreement provides that Sea Ray will not unreasonably withhold its consent to any proposed acquisition of a Sea Ray dealer by us, subject to the conditions set forth in the agreement, as further described in  Business   Brunswick Agreement Relating to Acquisitions.   
 Opening New Facilities .  We will continue to establish additional retail facilities in our existing and new markets subject to conditions.  We believe that the demographics of our existing geographic territories support the opening of additional facilities, and we have opened 33 new retail facilities, excluding those opened on a temporary basis for a specific purpose, since our formation in January 1998.  We continually monitor the performance of our retail locations and close retail locations that do not meet our   
 7 
 
  expectations or that were opened for a specific purpose that is no longer relevant.  Based on these factors since March 1998, we have closed 63 retail locations, excluding those opened on a temporary basis   for a specific purpose, including 26 in fiscal 2009 (and a total of six during the last three fiscal years).  
 Emphasizing Employee Recruitment and Retention through Training, Motivation, and Development .  We devote substantial efforts to recruit employees that we believe to be exceptionally well qualified for their position and to train our employees to understand our core retail philosophies, which focus on making the purchase of a boat and its subsequent use as hassle-free and enjoyable as possible.  Through our MarineMax University, or MMU, we teach our retail philosophies to existing and new employees at various locations and online, through MMU-online.  MMU is a modularized and instructor-led educational program that focuses on our retailing philosophies and provides instruction on such matters as the sales process, customer service, F I, accounting, leadership, and human resources.  
 Emphasizing Best Practices .  We emphasize the best practices developed by us and our acquired dealers as appropriate throughout our locations.  As an example, we have implemented a hassle-free approach at each of our dealerships.  Under the MarineMax One Price hassle-free sales approach, we sell our boats at prices generally representing a discount from the manufacturer s suggested retail price, thereby eliminating the anxieties of price negotiations that occur in most boat purchases.  In addition, we adopt the best practices developed by us and our acquired dealers as applicable, considering location, design, layout, product purchases, maintenance and repair services (including extended service hours and mobile or dockside services), product mix, employee training, and customer education and services.  
 Operating with Decentralized Management .  We maintain a generally decentralized approach to the operational management of our dealerships.  The decentralized management approach takes advantage of the extensive experience of local managers, enabling them to implement policies and make decisions, including the appropriate product mix, based on the needs of the local market.  Local management authority also fosters responsive customer service and promotes long-term community and customer relationships.  In addition, the centralization of certain administrative functions at the corporate level enhances the ability of local managers to focus their efforts on day-to-day dealership operations and the customers.  
 Utilizing Technology Throughout Operations .  We believe that our management information system, which currently is being utilized by each of our dealerships and was developed over a number of years through cooperative efforts with a common vendor, enhances our ability to integrate successfully the operations of our dealerships and future acquired dealers.  The system facilitates the interchange of information and enhances cross-selling opportunities throughout our company.  The system integrates each level of operations on a company-wide basis, including but not limited to purchasing, inventory, receivables, payables, financial reporting, budgeting, and sales management.  The system also provides sales representatives with prospect and customer information that aids them in tracking the status of their contacts with prospects, automatically generates follow-up correspondence to such prospects, facilitates the availability of boats company-wide, locates boats needed to satisfy particular customer requests, and monitors the maintenance and service needs of customers  boats.  Our representatives also utilize the computer system to assist in arranging customer financing and insurance packages.  Our managers use a web-based tool to access essentially all financial and operational data from anywhere at any time.  
 Products and Services 
 We offer new and used recreational boats and related marine products, including engines, trailers, parts, and accessories.  While we sell a broad range of new and used boats, we focus on premium brand products.  In addition, we assist in arranging related boat financing, insurance, and extended service contracts; provide boat maintenance and repair services; offer slip and storage accommodations; provide boat and yacht brokerage sales; and conduct a yacht charter business. 
 New Boat Sales 
 We primarily sell recreational boats, including pleasure boats and fishing boats.  A number of the products we offer are manufactured by Brunswick, a leading worldwide manufacturer of recreational boats, including Sea Ray pleasure boats, Boston Whaler fishing boats, Harris aluminum boats, and Meridian Yachts. Sales of new Brunswick boats accounted for approximately 40% of our revenue in fiscal 2016. Sales of new Sea Ray and Boston Whaler boats, both divisions of Brunswick, accounted for approximately 24% and 14%, respectively, of our revenue in fiscal 2016. We believe our sales represented approximately 10% of all Brunswick marine sales, including approximately 53% of its Sea Ray boat sales, during our fiscal 2016.  Certain of our dealerships also sell luxury yachts, fishing boats, and pontoon boats provided by other manufacturers, including Italy-based Azimut. Sales of new Azimut boats accounted for approximately 11% of our revenue in fiscal 2016. During fiscal 2016, new boat sales accounted for 68.5% or $645.3 million of our revenue. 
 We offer recreational boats in most market segments, but have a particular focus on premium quality pleasure boats and yachts as reflected by our fiscal 2016 average new boat sales price of approximately $198,000 an increase of approximately 16% from  
 8 
 
  appro  ximately $171,000 in fiscal 2015, compared with an estimated industry average selling price for calendar 2015 of approximately $42,000 based on industry data published by the National Marine Manufacturers Association.  Given our locations in some of the mo  re affluent, offshore boating areas in the United States and emphasis on high levels of customer service, we sell a relatively higher percentage of large recreational boats, such as mega-yachts, yachts, and sport cruisers.  We believe that the product line  s we offer are among the highest quality within their respective market segments, with well-established trade-name recognition and reputations for quality, performance, and styling.  
 The following table is illustrative of the range and approximate manufacturer suggested retail price range of new boats that we currently offer, but is not all inclusive. 

Motor Yachts .  Hatteras Yachts, Ocean Alexander Yachts, and Azimut are three of the world s premier yacht builders.  The motor yacht product lines typically include state-of-the-art designs with live-aboard luxuries.  Hatteras offers a flybridge with extensive guest seating; covered aft deck, which may be fully or partially enclosed, providing the boater with additional living space; an elegant salon; and multiple staterooms for accommodations.  Azimut yachts are known for their Americanized open layout with Italian design and powerful performance.  The luxurious interiors of Azimut yachts are accented by windows and multiple accommodations that have been designed for comfort.  Ocean Alexander Yachts are known for their excellent engineering, performance, and functionality combined with luxuries typically found on larger mega yachts.  
 Convertibles .  Hatteras Yachts is one of the world s premier convertible yacht builders and offers state-of-the-art designs with live-aboard luxuries.  Convertibles are primarily fishing vessels, which are well equipped to meet the needs of even the most serious tournament-class competitor.  Hatteras features interiors that offer luxurious salon/galley arrangements, multiple staterooms with private heads, and a cockpit that includes a bait and tackle center, fishbox, and freezer.    
 Pleasure Boats .  Sea Ray and Meridian pleasure boats target both the luxury and the family recreational boating markets and come in a variety of configurations to suit each customer s particular recreational boating style.  Sea Ray sport yachts and yachts serve the luxury segment of the recreational boating market and include top-of-the-line living accommodations with a salon, a fully equipped galley, and multiple staterooms.  Sea Ray sport yachts and yachts are available in cabin, bridge cockpit, and cruiser models.  Sea Ray sport boat and sport cruiser models are designed for performance and dependability to meet family recreational needs and include many of the features and accommodations of Sea Ray s sport yacht and yacht models.  Meridian sport yachts and yachts are known for their solid performance and thoughtful use of space with 360-degree views and spacious salon, galley, and stateroom accommodations.  Meridian sport yachts and yachts are generally available in sedan and motoryacht models.  All Sea Ray and Meridian pleasure boats feature custom instrumentation that may include an electronics package; various hull, deck, and cockpit   
 9 
 
  designs that can include a swim platform; bow pulpit and raised bridge; and various amenities, such as swivel bucket helm seats, loung  e seats, sun pads, wet bars, built-in ice chests, and refreshment centers. Most Sea Ray and Meridian pleasure boats feature Mercury or MerCruiser engines.  We believe Atlantis sport cruisers offer a unique-on-the-water experience with the Azimut expertise   expressed in a design concept that merges sportiness with the comfort and relative ease of navigation. Galeon is one of Europe s leading boat manufacturers. We believe Galeon yachts combine the latest technology and design with unparalleled modern styling   and convenience.  Aquila power catamarans provide form, function, and offer practicality and comfort with trend setting innovation. Harris is one of the most innovative and premium pontoon boats offered and provides a variety of models to fit boaters  need  s.  Crest provides a variety of high quality pontoon models to meet family recreational needs.  
 Fishing Boats .  The fishing boats we offer, such as Boston Whaler, Grady White, Scout, Sailfish and Sea Pro, range from entry level models to advanced models designed for fishing and water sports in lakes, bays, and off-shore waters, with cabins with limited live-aboard capability.  The fishing boats typically feature livewells, in-deck fishboxes, rodholders, rigging stations, cockpit coaming pads, and fresh and saltwater washdowns.  
 Ski Boats .  The ski boats we offer are Nautique by Correct Craft, which range from entry level models to advanced models and all of which are designed to achieve an ultimate wake for increased skier and wakeboarder performance and safety.  With a variety of designs and options, Nautique ski boats appeal to the competitive and recreational user alike.  
 Jet Boats .  The Scarab jet boats we offer range from entry level models to advanced models, all of which are designed for performance and with exclusive design elements to meet family recreational needs. With a variety of designs and options, the jet boats we offer will appeal to a broad audience of jet boat enthusiasts as well as existing customers.  
 Used Boat Sales 
 We sell used versions of the new makes and models we offer and, to a lesser extent, used boats of other makes and models generally taken as trade-ins. During fiscal 2016, used boat sales accounted for 17.5% or $165.5 million of our revenue, and 62.8% of the used boats we sold were Brunswick models.  
 Our used boat sales depend on our ability to source a supply of high-quality used boats at attractive prices.  We acquire substantially all of our used boat inventory through customer trade-ins.  We intend to continue to increase our used boat business as a result of the availability of quality used boats generated from our new boat sales efforts, the increasing number of used boats that are well-maintained through our service initiatives, our ability to market used boats throughout our combined dealership network to match used boat demand, and the experience of our yacht brokerage operations.  Additionally, substantially all of our used boat inventory is posted on our website, which expands the awareness and availability of our products to a large audience of boating enthusiasts.  We also sell used boats at various marinas and other offsite locations throughout the country. 
 To further enhance our used boat sales, we offer the Brunswick Product Protection warranty plan available for used Brunswick boats less than nine years old.  The Brunswick Product Protection plan applies to each qualifying used boat, which has passed a 48-point inspection, and provides protection against failure of most mechanical parts for up to three years.  We believe these type of programs enhance our sales of used boats by motivating purchasers of used boats to complete their purchases through our dealerships. 
 Marine Engines, Related Marine Equipment, and Boating Parts and Accessories 
 We offer marine engines and equipment, substantially all of which are manufactured by Mercury Marine, a division of Brunswick.  We sell marine engines and propellers primarily to retail customers as replacements for their existing engines or propellers.  Mercury Marine has introduced various new engine models that reduce engine emissions to comply with current Environmental Protection Agency requirements.  See  Business   Environmental and Other Regulatory Issues.  An industry leader for over seventy-five years, Mercury Marine specializes in state-of-the-art marine propulsion systems and accessories.  Many of our dealerships have been recognized by Mercury Marine as  Premier Service Dealers.  This designation is generally awarded based on meeting certain standards and qualifications. 
 We also sell a broad variety of marine parts and accessories at our retail locations, at various offsite locations, and through our print catalog.  These marine parts and accessories include marine electronics; dock and anchoring products, such as boat fenders, lines, and anchors; boat covers; trailer parts; water sport accessories, such as tubes, lines, wakeboards, and skis; engine parts; oils; lubricants; steering and control systems; corrosion control products and service products; high-performance accessories, such as propellers and instruments; and a complete line of boating accessories, including life jackets, inflatables, and water sports equipment.  We also offer novelty items, such as shirts, caps, and license plates bearing the manufacturer s or dealer s logos. In all of our parts and accessories business, we utilize our industry knowledge and experience to offer boating enthusiasts high-quality products with which we have experience. 
 10 
 
  The sale of marine engines, related marine equipment, and boating pa  rts and accessories, which are all tangible products, accounted for 3.5% or $32.6 million of our fiscal 2016 revenue.  
 Maintenance, Repair, and Storage Services 
 Providing customers with professional, prompt maintenance and repair services is critical to our sales efforts and contributes to our success.  We provide maintenance and repair services at most of our retail locations, with extended service hours at certain of our locations.  In addition, in many of our markets, we provide mobile maintenance and repair services at the location of the customer s boat.  We believe that this service commitment is a competitive advantage in the markets in which we compete and is critical to our efforts to provide a trouble-free boating experience.  To further this commitment, in certain of our markets, we have opened stand-alone maintenance and repair facilities in locations that are more convenient for our customers and that increase the availability of such services.  We also believe that our maintenance and repair services contribute to strong customer relationships and that our emphasis on preventative maintenance and quality service increases the potential supply of well-maintained boats for our used boat sales. 
 We perform both warranty and non-warranty repair services, with the cost of warranty work reimbursed by the manufacturer in accordance with the manufacturer s warranty reimbursement program.  For warranty work, most manufacturers, including Brunswick, reimburse a percentage of the dealer s posted service labor rates, with the percentage varying depending on the dealer s customer satisfaction index rating and attendance at service training courses.  We derive the majority of our warranty revenue from Brunswick products, as Brunswick products comprise the majority of products sold.  Certain other manufacturers reimburse warranty work at a fixed amount per repair.  Because boat manufacturers permit warranty work to be performed only at authorized dealerships, we receive substantially all of the warranted maintenance and repair work required for the new boats we sell.  The third-party extended warranty contracts we offer also result in an ongoing demand for our maintenance and repair services for the duration of the term of the extended warranty contract. 
 Our maintenance and repair services are performed by manufacturer-trained and certified service technicians.  In charging for our mechanics  labor, many of our dealerships use a variable rate structure designed to reflect the difficulty and sophistication of different types of repairs.  The percentage markups on parts are similarly based on manufacturer suggested prices and market conditions for different parts. 
 At many of our locations, we offer boat storage services, including in-water slip storage and inside and outside land storage.  These storage services are offered at competitive market rates and include in-season and winter storage. 
 Maintenance, repair, and storage services accounted for 5.5% or $51.5 million of our revenue during fiscal 2016 of which, 3.5% or $33.2 million related to repair services, 0.8% or $7.5 million related to parts and accessories for repairs, and 1.2% or $10.8 million related to income from storage service rentals.  This includes warranty and non-warranty services. 
 F I Products 
 At each of our retail locations and at various offsite locations where applicable, we offer our customers the ability to finance new or used boat purchases and to purchase extended service contracts and arrange insurance coverage, including boat property, credit life, and accident, disability, undercoating, and casualty insurance coverage (collectively,  F I ). We have relationships with various national marine product lenders under which the lenders purchase retail installment contracts evidencing retail sales of boats and other marine products that are originated by us in accordance with existing pre-sale agreements between us and the lenders.  These arrangements permit us to receive a portion of the finance charges expected to be earned on the retail installment contract based on a variety of factors, including the credit standing of the buyer, the annual percentage rate of the contract charged to the buyer, and the lender s then current minimum required annual percentage rate charged to the buyer on the contract.  This participation is subject to repayment by us if the buyer prepays the contract or defaults within a designated time period, usually 90 to 180 days.  To the extent required by applicable state law, our dealerships are licensed to originate and sell retail installment contracts financing the sale of boats and other marine products. 
 We also offer third-party extended service contracts under which, for a predetermined price, we provide all designated services pursuant to the service contract guidelines during the contract term at no additional charge to the customer above a deductible.  While we sell all new boats with the boat manufacturer s standard hull and engine warranty, extended service contracts provide additional coverage beyond the time frame or scope of the manufacturer s warranty.  Purchasers of used boats generally are able to purchase an extended service contract, even if the selected boat is no longer covered by the manufacturer s warranty.  Generally, we receive a fee for arranging an extended service contract.  Most required services under the contracts are provided by us and paid for by the third-party contract holder. 
 11 
 
  We also are able to assist our customers with the opportunity to purchase credit life insurance, accident and disability insu  rance, and property and casualty insurance.  Credit life insurance policies provide for repayment of the boat financing contract if the purchaser dies while the contract is outstanding.  Accident and disability insurance policies provide for payment of the   monthly contract obligation during any period in which the buyer is disabled.  Property and casualty insurance covers loss or damage to the boat.  We do not act as an insurance broker or agent or issue insurance policies on behalf of insurers.  We do, how  ever, provide marketing activities and other related services to insurance companies and brokers for which we receive marketing fees.  One of our strategies is to generate increased marketing fees by offering more competitive insurance products.  
 During fiscal 2016, fee income generated from F I products accounted for 2.5% or $23.3 million of our revenue.  We believe that our customers  ability to obtain competitive financing quickly and easily at our dealerships complements our ability to sell new and used boats.  We also believe our ability to provide customer-tailored financing on a  same-day  basis gives us an advantage over many of our competitors, particularly smaller competitors that lack the resources to arrange boat financing at their dealerships or that do not generate sufficient volume to attract the diversity of financing sources that are available to us. 
 Brokerage Sales 
 Through employees or subcontractors that are licensed boat or yacht brokers where applicable, we offer boat or yacht brokerage sales at most of our retail locations.  For a commission, we offer for sale brokered boats or yachts, listing them on various Internet sites, advising our other retail locations of their availability through our integrated computer system, and posting them on our website,  www.MarineMax.com .  Often sales are co-brokered, with the commission split between the buying and selling brokers.  We believe that our access to potential used boat customers and methods of listing and advertising customers  brokered boats or yachts is more extensive than is typical among brokers.  In addition to generating revenue from brokerage commissions, our brokerage sales also enable us to offer a broad array of used boats or yachts without increasing related inventory costs.  During fiscal 2016, brokerage sales commissions accounted for 2.0% or $18.7 million of our revenue. 
 Our brokerage customers generally receive the same high level of customer service as our new and used boat customers.  Our waterfront retail locations enable in-water demonstrations of an on-site brokered boat.  Our maintenance and repair services, including mobile service, also are generally available to our brokerage customers.  The purchaser of a boat brokered through us also can take advantage of MarineMax Getaways! weekend and day trips and other rendezvous gatherings and in-water events, as well as boat operation and safety seminars.  We believe that the array of services we offer are unique in the brokerage business. 
 Yacht Charter 
 In 2011 we launched a yacht charter business in which we offer customers the opportunity to charter power and sailing yachts in exotic destinations, starting with our initial location in the British Virgin Islands (BVI).  In this business, we sell specifically designed yachts to third parties for inclusion in our yacht charter fleet; enter into yacht management agreements under which yacht owners enable us to put their yachts in our yacht charter program for a period of four to five years for a fixed monthly fee payable by us; provide our services in storing, insuring, and maintaining their yachts; and charter these yachts to vacation customers at agreed fees payable to us.  The yacht owners will be able to utilize the yachts for personal use for a designated number of weeks during the term of the management agreement and take possession of their yachts following the expiration of the yacht management agreements.  
 In addition to the specific business we launched in the BVI, we also offer yacht charter services. For a fee, we assist yacht owners in the charter of their vessel by third-parties. During fiscal 2016, the income from rentals of chartering power and sailing yachts and yacht charter fees, accounted for 0.5% or $5.1 million of our revenue. 
 Offsite Sales 
 We sell used boats, offer F I products, and sell parts and accessories at various third-party offsite locations, including marinas. 
 Retail Locations 
 We sell our recreational boats and other marine products and offer our related boat services through 56 retail locations in Alabama, California, Connecticut, Florida, Georgia, Maryland, Massachusetts, Minnesota, Missouri, New Jersey, New York, North Carolina, Ohio, Oklahoma, Rhode Island, and Texas.  Each retail location generally includes an indoor showroom (including some of the industry s largest indoor boat showrooms) and an outside area for displaying boat inventories, a business office to assist customers in arranging financing and insurance, and maintenance and repair facilities. 
 12 
 
  Many of our retail locations are waterfront properti  es on some of the nation s most popular boating locations, including the San Diego Bay in California; Norwalk Harbor and Westbrook Harbor in Connecticut; multiple locations on the Intracoastal Waterway, the Atlantic Ocean, Biscayne Bay, Boca Ciega Bay, Cal  oosahatchee River, Naples Bay, Tampa Bay, Pensacola Bay, and the Saint Andrews Bay in Florida; Lake Lanier in Georgia; Chesapeake Bay in Maryland; Lake Minnetonka, and the St. Croix River in Minnesota; Lake of the Ozarks and Table Rock Lake in Missouri; Ba  rnegat Bay, Lake Hopatcong, Little Egg Harbor Bay, and the Manasquan River in New Jersey; Great South Bay, the Hudson River, and Huntington Harbor in New York; Boston Harbor and Weymouth Black River in Massachusetts; Masonboro Inlet in North Carolina; Lake   Erie in Ohio; Grand Lake in Oklahoma; Newport Harbor and Greenwich Bay in Rhode Island; and Clear Lake, Lake Lewisville, and Lake Conroe in Texas.  Our waterfront retail locations, most of which include marina-type facilities and docks at which we display   our boats, are easily accessible to the boating populace, serve as in-water showrooms, and enable the sales force to give customers immediate in-water demonstrations of various boat models.  Most of our other locations are in close proximity to water.  
 Operations 
 Dealership Operations and Management 
 We have adopted a generally decentralized approach to the operational management of our dealerships.  While certain administrative functions are centralized at the corporate level, local management is primarily responsible for the day-to-day operations of the retail locations.  Each retail location is managed by a general manager, who oversees the day-to-day operations, personnel, and financial performance of the individual store, subject to the direction of a regional president, who generally has responsibility for the retail locations within a specified geographic region.  Typically, each retail location also has a staff consisting of an F I manager, a parts manager, and a service manager, sales representatives, maintenance and repair technicians, and various support personnel. 
 We attempt to attract and retain quality employees by providing them with ongoing training to enhance sales professionalism and product knowledge, career advancement opportunities within a larger company, and favorable benefit packages.  We maintain a formal training program, called MarineMax University or MMU, which provides training for employees in all aspects of our operations.  Training sessions are held at our various regional locations covering a variety of topics.  MMU-online offers various modules over the Internet.  Highly trained, professional sales representatives are an important factor to our successful sales efforts.  These sales representatives are trained at MMU to recognize the importance of fostering an enjoyable sales process, to educate customers on the operation and use of the boats, and to assist customers in making technical and design decisions in boat purchases.  The overall focus of MMU is to teach our core retailing values, which focus on customer service. 
 Sales representatives receive compensation primarily on a commission basis.  Each general manager is a salaried employee with incentive bonuses based on the performance of the managed dealership.  Maintenance and repair service managers receive compensation on a salary basis with bonuses based on the performance of their departments.  Our management information system provides each store and department manager with daily financial and operational information, enabling them to monitor their performance on a daily, weekly, and monthly basis.  We have a uniform, fully integrated management information system serving each of our dealerships. 
 Sales and Marketing 
 Our sales philosophy focuses on selling the pleasures of the boating lifestyle.  We believe that the critical elements of our sales philosophy include our appealing retail locations, no-hassle sales approach, highly trained sales representatives, high level of customer service, emphasis on educating the customer and the customer s family on boating, and providing our customers with opportunities for boating through our MarineMax Getaways!.  We strive to provide superior customer service and support before, during, and after the sale. Our team and customers are United by Water . 
 Each retail location offers the customer the opportunity to evaluate a variety of new and used boats in a comfortable and convenient setting.  Our full-service retail locations facilitate a turn-key purchasing process that includes attractive lender financing packages, extended service agreements, and insurance.  Many of our retail locations are located on waterfronts and marinas, which attract boating enthusiasts and enable customers to operate various boats prior to making a purchase decision. 
 The brands we offer are diverse in size and use and are spread across our customer activities of leisure, fishing, watersports, luxury, and vacations.  We believe the transformative qualities of the water should be shared by everyone, so we created our boat lineup accordingly. Our promise gives them meaning and reason to exist next to one another on our showroom floor. 
 We sell our boats at posted MarineMax  One  Prices that generally represent a discount from the manufacturer s suggested retail price.  Our sales approach focuses on customer service by minimizing customer anxiety associated with price negotiation. 
 13 
 
  As a part of our sales and marketing efforts, our online marketing activity is important, with the majority of leads coming through our website,     www.MarineMax.com  , and emails used as the primary marketing tool for our stores to connect with their customers. Social media is a growing venue for customer engagement with stores and prospecting of new leads.  
 We also participate in boat shows and in-the-water sales events at area boating locations, typically held in January and February and toward the end of the boating season, in each of our markets and in certain locations in close proximity to our markets.  These shows and events are normally held at convention centers or marinas, with area dealers renting space.  Boat shows and other offsite promotions are an important venue for generating sales orders.  The boat shows also generate a significant amount of interest in our products resulting in boat sales after the show. 
 We emphasize customer education through one-on-one education by our sales representatives and, at some locations, our delivery captains, before and after a sale, and through in-house seminars for the entire family on boating safety, the use and operation of boats, and product demonstrations.  Typically, one of our delivery captains or the sales representative delivers the customer s boat to an area boating location and thoroughly instructs the customer about the operation of the boat, including hands-on instructions for docking and trailering the boat.  To enhance our customer relationships after the sale, we lead and sponsor MarineMax Getaways! group boating trips to various destinations, rendezvous gatherings, and on-the-water organized events that promote the pleasures of the boating lifestyle.  Each company-sponsored event, planned and led by a company employee, also provides a favorable medium for acclimating new customers to boating, sharing exciting boating destinations, creating friendships with other boaters, and enabling us to promote new product offerings to boating enthusiasts. 
 As a result of our relative size, we believe we have a competitive advantage within the industry by being able to conduct an organized and systematic advertising and marketing effort.  Part of our marketing effort includes an integrated customer relationship management system that tracks the status of each sales representative s contacts with a prospect, automatically generates follow-up correspondence, and facilitates company-wide availability of a particular boat or other marine product desired by a customer. 
 Suppliers and Inventory Management 
 We purchase substantially all of our new boat inventory directly from manufacturers, which allocate new boats to dealerships based on the amount of boats sold by the dealership and their market share.  We also exchange new boats with other dealers to accommodate customer demand and to balance inventory. 
 We purchase new boats and other marine-related products from Brunswick, which is a world leading manufacturer of marine products, including Sea Ray, Boston Whaler, Harris, and Meridian.  We also purchase new boats and other marine related products from other manufacturers, including Azimut, Hatteras, Grady White, Scout, Sailfish, and Nautique by Correct Craft.  In fiscal 2016, sales of new Brunswick and Azimut boats accounted for approximately 40% and 11% of our revenue, respectively. Sales of new Sea Ray and Boston Whaler boats, both divisions of Brunswick, accounted for approximately 24% and 14%, respectively, of our revenue in fiscal 2016. No purchases of new boats and other marine related products from any other manufacturer accounted for more than 10% of our revenue in fiscal 2016.  We believe our Sea Ray boat purchases represented approximately 53% of Sea Ray s new boat sales, and approximately 10% of all Brunswick marine product sales during fiscal 2016. 
 We have entered into multi-year agreements with Brunswick covering Sea Ray, Boston Whaler, and Meridian products. We also have a multi-year agreement with Azimut-Benetti Group for its Azimut product line. We typically deal with each of our manufacturers, other than Brunswick and Azimut-Benetti Group, under an annually renewable, non-exclusive dealer agreement. 
 The dealer agreements do not restrict our right to sell any product lines or competing products provided that we are in compliance with the material obligations of our dealer agreements.  The terms of each dealer agreement appoints a designated geographical territory for the dealer, which is exclusive to the dealer provided that the dealer is able to meet the material obligations of its dealer agreement. 
 Manufacturers generally establish prices on an annual basis, but may change prices at their sole discretion.  Manufacturers typically discount the cost of inventory and offer inventory financing assistance during the manufacturers  slow seasons, generally October through March.  To obtain lower cost of inventory, we strive to capitalize on these manufacturer incentives to take product delivery during the manufacturers  slow seasons.  This permits us to gain pricing advantages and better product availability during the selling season.  Arrangements with certain other manufacturers may restrict our right to offer some product lines in certain markets. 
 We transfer individual boats among our retail locations to fill customer orders that otherwise might take substantially longer to fill from the manufacturer.  This reduces delays in delivery, helps us maximize inventory turnover, and assists in minimizing potential overstock or out-of-stock situations.  We actively monitor our inventory levels to maintain levels appropriate to meet current anticipated market demands.  We are not bound by contractual agreements governing the amount of inventory that we must purchase in any year from any manufacturer, but the failure to purchase at agreed upon levels may result in the loss of certain manufacturer  
 14 
 
  incentives or dealership rights.  We participate in numerous end-of-summer man  ufacturer boat shows, which manufacturers sponsor to sell off their remaining inventory at reduced costs before the introduction of new model year products, typically beginning in September.  
 Inventory Financing 
 Marine manufacturers customarily provide interest assistance programs to retailers.  The interest assistance varies by manufacturer and may include periods of free financing or reduced interest rate programs.  The interest assistance may be paid directly to the retailer or the financial institution depending on the arrangements the manufacturer has established.  We believe that our financing arrangements with manufacturers are standard within the industry. 
 We account for consideration received from our vendors in accordance with FASB Accounting Standards Codification 605-50,  Revenue Recognition Customer Payments and Incentives  ( ASC 605-50 ).  ASC 605-50 requires us to classify interest assistance received from manufacturers as a reduction of inventory cost and related cost of sales as opposed to netting the assistance against our interest expense incurred with our lenders.  Pursuant to ASC 605-50, amounts received by us under our co-op assistance programs from our manufacturers are netted against related advertising expenses. 
 We are party to an Inventory Financing Agreement (the  Amended Credit Facility ) led by Wells Fargo Commercial Distribution Finance LLC (formerly GE Commercial Distribution Finance Corporation).  The Amended Credit Facility provides a floor plan financing commitment of up to $300 million.  The Amended Credit Facility matures in October 2019 and the Amended Credit Facility includes two additional one-year extension periods, with lender approval. 
 The interest rate under the Amended Credit Facility is 345 basis points above the one-month London Inter-Bank Offering Rate ( LIBOR ).  There is an unused line fee of ten basis points on the unused portion of the line. 
 The Amended Credit Facility has certain financial covenants.  The covenants include provisions that our leverage ratio not exceed 2.75 to 1.0 and that our current ratio must be greater than 1.2 to 1.0.  As of September 30, 2016, we were in compliance with all the covenants under the Amended Credit Facility. 
 The initial advance under the Amended Credit Facility was used to pay off our prior credit facility.  Subsequent advances have been, and will be, initiated by the acquisition of eligible new and used inventory or will be re-advances against eligible new and used inventory that has been partially paid-off.  Advances on new inventory will generally mature 1,080 days from the original invoice date.  Advances on used inventory will mature 361 days from the date we acquire the used inventory.  Each advance is subject to a curtailment schedule, which requires that we pay down the balance of each advance on a periodic basis starting after six months.  The curtailment schedule varies based on the type of inventory and the value of the inventory. 
 The collateral for the Amended Credit Facility is all of our personal property with certain limited exceptions.  None of our real estate has been pledged for collateral for the Amended Credit Facility. 
 As of September 30, 2016, we owed $166.6 million under the Amended Credit Facility. Outstanding short-term borrowings accrued interest at a rate of 3.9% as of September 30, 2016, and the Amended Credit Facility provided us with an additional net borrowing availability of approximately $69.8 million, based upon the outstanding borrowing base availability.  We have no indebtedness associated with our real estate holdings. 
 Management Information System 
 We believe that our management information system, which is utilized by each of our dealerships and was developed over a number of years through cooperative efforts with a common vendor, enhances our ability to integrate successfully the operations of our dealerships and future acquisitions, facilitates the interchange of information, and enhances cross-selling opportunities throughout our company.  The system integrates each level of operations on a company-wide basis, including but not limited to purchasing, inventory, receivables, payables, financial reporting, budgeting, and sales management.  The system enables us to monitor each dealership s operations in order to identify quickly areas requiring additional focus and to manage inventory.  The system also provides sales representatives with prospect and customer information that aids them in tracking the status of their contacts with prospects, automatically generates follow-up correspondence to such prospects, facilitates the availability of a particular boat company-wide, locates boats needed to satisfy a particular customer request, and monitors the maintenance and service needs of customers  boats.  Company representatives also utilize the system to assist in arranging financing and insurance packages. 
 15 
 
  Brunswick Agreement Relating to Acquisitions  
 We and the Sea Ray Division of Brunswick are parties to an agreement that provides a process for the acquisition of additional Sea Ray boat dealers that we elect to acquire.  The agreement extends through August 31, 2018, with automatic annual one-year extensions at each twelve month anniversary of the agreement, provided that our dealer agreements with the Sea Ray Division of Brunswick are still then in effect.  Under the agreement, acquisitions of Sea Ray dealers will be mutually agreed upon by us and Sea Ray with reasonable efforts to be made to include a balance of Sea Ray dealers that have been successful and those that have not been.  The agreement provides that Sea Ray will not unreasonably withhold its consent to any proposed acquisition of a Sea Ray dealer by us, subject to the conditions set forth in the agreement.  Among other things, the agreement provides for us to provide Sea Ray with a business plan for each proposed acquisition, including historical financial and five-year projected financial information regarding the acquisition candidate; marketing and advertising plans; service capabilities and managerial and staff personnel; information regarding the ability of the candidate to achieve performance standards within designated periods; and information regarding the success of our previous acquisitions of Sea Ray dealers.  The agreement also contemplates Sea Ray reaching a good faith determination whether the acquisition would be in its best interest based on our dedication and focus of resources on the Sea Ray brand and Sea Ray s consideration of any adverse effects that the approval would have on the resulting territory configuration of adjacent or other dealers and the absence of any violation of applicable laws or rights granted by Sea Ray to others. 
 Dealer Agreements with Brunswick 
 We and the Sea Ray Division of Brunswick and Boston Whaler, Inc. are parties to Sales and Service Agreements relating to Sea Ray and Boston Whaler products respectively, effective September 1, 2014 and extending through August 31, 2018 with automatic annual one-year extensions at each twelve-month anniversary of the agreement, provided that we are not in breach of a material term of the agreement, following written notice and expiration of applicable cure periods without cure (certain termination provisions are summarized below). 
 The agreements appoint certain of our operating subsidiaries as a dealer for the retail sale, display, and servicing of all Sea Ray or Boston Whaler products, parts, and accessories currently or in the future sold by Sea Ray or Boston Whaler, as applicable. The agreements specify a designated geographical territory and dealer region or location for the dealer, which is exclusive to the dealer. The agreement also specifies retail locations, which the dealer may not close, change, or add to without the prior written consent of the relevant manufacturer, provided that such manufacturer may not unreasonably withhold its consent.  The manufacturer reserves the right to modify the territory or appoint other dealers to sell, display, and service product from dealer locations within the territory at any time if we close a dealer location without prior written notice to Sea Ray and prior written approval by Sea Ray, which will not be unreasonably withheld or in the case of Boston Whaler, in the event that a dealer location fails to meet performance standards while carrying competitive product following written notice and a period of 60 days to cure or six months for matters for which a cure cannot be completed in 60 days.  The agreements also restrict the dealer from selling, advertising (other than in recognized and established marine publications), soliciting for sale, or offering for resale any products outside its territory except as otherwise provided by the relevant manufacturer s advertising policy or other applicable policy as long as similar restrictions also apply to all domestic dealers selling comparable products. In addition, the agreements provide for the lowest product prices charged by the relevant manufacturer from time to time to other domestic dealers, subject to the dealer meeting all the requirements and conditions of applicable programs and the right of the manufacturer in good faith to charge lesser prices to other dealers to meet existing competitive circumstances, for unusual and non-ordinary business circumstances, or for limited duration promotional programs. 
 Among other things, the dealer agreements require each dealer to achieve performance standards including inventory stocking levels, provision of annual sales forecasts, submission of orders pursuant to the manufacturer s current buying program, unit retail sales, customer satisfaction and marketing support.  The sales performance will be in accordance with fair and reasonable standards and sales levels established by the manufacturer in collaboration with the dealer based on factors such as population, sales potential, market share percentage of products sold in the territory compared with competitive products sold in the territory, product availability, local economic conditions, competition, past sales history, historical product mix and stocking practices, existing product inventory, number of retail locations, and other special circumstances that may affect the sale of the relevant products or the dealer, in each case established in a manner similar to those applied to domestic dealers selling comparable products. 
 The dealer is also required to maintain at each retail location, or at another acceptable location, a service department that is properly staffed and equipped to service Sea Ray or Boston Whaler products, as applicable, promptly and professionally and to maintain parts and supplies to service such products properly on a timely basis, to provide or arrange for warranty and service work for such products. 
 Sea Ray and Boston Whaler respectively have each agreed to indemnify us against any losses to third parties resulting from their respective negligent acts or omissions involving the design or manufacture of any of its products or any breach by it of the agreement. We have agreed to indemnify Sea Ray or Boston Whaler respectively against any losses to third parties resulting from our negligent acts or omissions involving the dealer s application, use, or repair of Sea Ray or Boston Whaler products respectively, statements or  
 16 
 
  representation not specifically authorized by the relevant manufacturer, the installation of any af  ter-market components or any other modification or alteration of the products, and any breach by us of the agreement.  
 The agreements may be terminated: 

by the manufacturer, upon 60 days  prior written notice, if we do not have an ability to purchase products via floor plan financing or self-financing or fail to meet our financial obligations as they become due to the relevant manufacturer or to our lenders;     

as to any dealer region, or in the case of Boston Whaler, any dealer location, if we are failing to meet performance standards and begin selling, displaying or advertising products that are competitive with the products being sold under the agreement (other than products of another Brunswick brand or new products currently carried), if we do not cure our failure within 90 days after written notice, or if we are meeting the performance standards and then start failing to meet performance standards after beginning selling, displaying or advertising products that are competitive with products sold under the agreement (other than products of another Brunswick brand or new products currently carried) and do not cure our failure within six months after written notice, or with respect to Boston Whaler and dealer s locations in New York, in the event such dealer location fails to meet performance standards and does not cure such failure within 6 months after written notice;     

with respect to the Sea Ray agreements, by either party upon prior written notice to the other given within 60 days after the 6 th  anniversary of the agreement, with termination effective at the end of the 7 th  year, failing which the agreement will renew for a 3 year term beginning on the 7 th  anniversary;  with respect to the Boston Whaler agreements, by either party upon prior written notice to the other given within 60 days after the 4th anniversary of the agreement, with termination effective at the end of the 5 th  year, failing which the agreement will renew for a 2 year term beginning on the 5 th  anniversary;     

with respect to Sea Ray, following the 7 th  anniversary of the agreement, upon 24 months  notice (or with respect to Boston Whaler, following the 5 th  anniversary of the agreement, upon 12 months  notice), in the event of a material breach or default of any of the material obligations, performance standards, covenants, representations, warranties or duties imposed in the agreement or in the applicable manufacturer s policies or programs applicable to domestic dealers which breach is not cured during the notice period and through the parties working in good faith to resolve any issue;     

by Sea Ray or Boston Whaler, as applicable, or us upon 60 days  written notice if the other makes a fraudulent misrepresentation that is material to the agreement or in the event of the insolvency, bankruptcy, or receivership of the other;     

by Sea Ray or Boston Whaler, as applicable, in the event of the assignment of the agreement by the dealer without the prior written consent of Sea Ray or Boston Whaler, as applicable;     

by Sea Ray or Boston Whaler, as applicable, upon at least 60 days' prior written notice in the event of the commission by dealer of an act of fraud upon Sea Ray or  Boston Whaler, as applicable, or the commission by us or one of our officers of a felony or act of fraud which is materially detrimental to Sea Ray s or Boston Whaler s respective reputation or business or which materially impairs our ability to perform our duties under the agreement or we fail to pay any lender financing products under the agreement after the sale of products by us; or     

upon the mutual consent of Sea Ray or Boston Whaler, as applicable, and us.     

 Either party may elect to not extend the term at the expiration of each applicable 12 month period in the event of a material breach or default by the other of any of the material obligations, performance standards, covenants, representations, warranties, or duties imposed by the agreement or the manufacturer s manual that is not remedied or cured following notice thereof.  In the event of a remedy or cure, the additional 12 month period shall be added to the term. 
 Dealer Agreements with Azimut 
 We are parties to Dealership Agreements with Azimut Benetti S.P.a. for the retail sale, display, and servicing of designated Azimut products and parts sold by Azimut.  The Dealership Agreements automatically renew each year provided that we are able to agree in good faith on acceptable retail sales goals.  The dealership agreements grant us the exclusive right to sell the Azimut products and parts in designated geographical areas.  Among other things, each dealership agreement requires the applicable dealer to: 

display the Azimut products in the most appropriate and effective manner;     

maintain an adequate inventory of Azimut products and meet mutually agreed upon minimum purchase requirements;     

use commercially reasonable best efforts to establish the best image for Azimut and to promote the sales of the products;     

 17 

operate through at least one permanent office to ensure adequate promotion of the products;     

maintain adequate signage to show Azimut at its offices or service yards;     

promote the products at various events and meetings;     

advertise and market the products in accordance with agreed upon marketing plans and budgets;     

attend boat shows and display a full range of boats;     

maintain appropriate and adequate after-sale service;     

provide assistance under warranty for all boats in the geographical area;     

comply with Azimut s warranty procedures; and     

perform maintenance services for Azimut boats.     

 Azimut has agreed to indemnify each of our dealers against any losses resulting from an alleged breach of warranty or injury or damage caused by a defect in design, manufacture or assembly of a product.  Each of our dealers has agreed to indemnify Azimut against any losses resulting from the dealer s failure to comply with any material obligation with respect to a product or customer; any actual negligence, errors or omissions in connection with the sale, preparation, repairs, or service of products; any modification of products except as approved by Azimut; a breach of any material agreement; or unauthorized warranties, misleading statements, misrepresentations or deceptive or unfair practices. 
 Each dealer agreement may be terminated upon 30 days prior written notice in event that the defaulting party has not remedied a default during such period, in the event of any of the following: 

by Azimut or dealer, for failure of the other to maintain a necessary license;     

by Azimut or dealer, for the change, transfer, or attempted transfer by the other party of the whole or any part of the agreement other than to an affiliate as part of a corporate restructuring or any change in control without the prior consent of Azimut;     

by Azimut or dealer, for the knowing submission of an intentional fraudulent statement, application, request, refund, credit, or warranty claim;     

by Azimut or dealer, for the knowing use of a deceptive or fraudulent practice in the sale of a product;     

by Azimut or dealer, for the indictment for or conviction of a crime or violation of law which will have an adverse and material effect on the other s reputation or operations;     

by Azimut or dealer, for the other entering into an agreement or understanding to fix prices for the products;     

by dealer for Azimut s material and continuous failure to supply product or appointing another dealer in the territory or failure to fulfill warranty obligations;     

by Azimut for dealer s abandonment of operations or failure to maintain business as a going concern;     

by Azimut for dealer s material and continuous failure to represent, promote, sell, or service the products, achieve minimum yearly sales or comply with purchase orders as agreed by the parties considering various factors such as the economy, the Euro impact, product availability, and growth potential;     

by Azimut or dealer for the insolvency, bankruptcy, commencement of bankruptcy proceedings, appointment of a receiver or other officer with similar powers, levy under attachment, garnishment or execution, or similar process, which is not vacated or removed within ten days; and     

by mutual agreement of the dealer and Azimut.     

 Upon termination of the dealer agreements by Azimut without cause, termination by dealer with cause and nonrenewal and expiration, Azimut is required to repurchase unsold inventory within sixty days of termination. 
 Employees 
 As of September 30, 2016, we had 1,422 employees, 1,313 of whom were in store-level operations and 109 of whom were in corporate administration and management.  We are not a party to any collective bargaining agreements.  We consider our relations with our employees to be excellent. 
 18 
 
  Trademarks and Service Marks  
 We have registered trade names and trademarks with the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office for various names, including  MarineMax,   MarineMax Getaways!,   MarineMax Care,   Delivering the Dream,   MarineMax Delivering the Boating Dream,   Newcoast Financial Services,   MarineMax Boating Gear Center,   MarineMax Vacations,   United by Water  and  Women on Water.  We have registered the name  MarineMax  in the European Union, China, Australia, Brazil, India, and Cuba;  Maximizing Your Enjoyment on the Water  in the European Union, Cuba, and Australia; and  United by Water  in the European Union, China, Australia and Cuba. We have trade names and trademarks registered in Canada for various names, including  MarineMax,   Delivering the Dream,   United by Water,  and  The Water Gene.  We have various trade name and trademark applications including  MarineMax,   United by Water,  and  Maximizing Your Enjoyment on Water  pending in Brazil, China, European Union, and India. There can be no assurance that any of these applications will be granted. 
 Seasonality and Weather Conditions 
 Our business, as well as the entire recreational boating industry, is highly seasonal, with seasonality varying in different geographic markets.  Over the three-year period ended September 30, 2016, the average revenue for the quarters ended December 31, March 31, June 30, and September 30 represented approximately 19%, 22%, 34%, and 25%, respectively, of our average annual revenues.  With the exception of Florida, we generally realize significantly lower sales and higher levels of inventories and related short-term borrowings, in the quarterly periods ending December 31 and March 31.  The onset of the public boat and recreation shows in January generally stimulates boat sales and typically allows us to reduce our inventory levels and related short-term borrowings throughout the remainder of the fiscal year. 
 Our business is also subject to weather patterns, which may adversely affect our results of operations.  For example, prolonged winter conditions, drought conditions (or merely reduced rainfall levels) or excessive rain, may limit access to area boating locations or render boating dangerous or inconvenient, thereby curtailing customer demand for our products.  In addition, unseasonably cool weather and prolonged winter conditions may lead to a shorter selling season in certain locations. Hurricanes and other storms could result in disruptions of our operations or damage to our boat inventories and facilities, as has been the case when Florida and other markets were affected by hurricanes.  Although our geographic diversity is likely to reduce the overall impact to us of adverse weather conditions in any one market area, these conditions will continue to represent potential, material adverse risks to us and our future financial performance. 
 Environmental and Other Regulatory Issues 
 Our operations are subject to extensive regulation, supervision, and licensing under various federal, state, and local statutes, ordinances, and regulations.  While we believe that we maintain all requisite licenses and permits and are in compliance with all applicable federal, state, and local regulations, there can be no assurance that we will be able to maintain all requisite licenses and permits.  The failure to satisfy those and other regulatory requirements could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations.  The adoption of additional laws, rules, and regulations could also have a material adverse effect on our business.  Various federal, state, and local regulatory agencies, including the Occupational Safety and Health Administration, or OSHA, the United States Environmental Protection Agency, or EPA, and similar federal and local agencies, have jurisdiction over the operation of our dealerships, repair facilities, and other operations with respect to matters such as consumer protection, workers  safety, and laws regarding protection of the environment, including air, water, and soil. 
 The EPA has various air emissions regulations for outboard marine engines that impose more strict emissions standards for two-cycle, gasoline outboard marine engines.  The majority of the outboard marine engines we sell are manufactured by Mercury Marine.  Mercury Marine s product line of low-emission engines, including the OptiMax, Verado, and other four-stroke outboards, have achieved the EPA s mandated 2006 emission levels.  Any increased costs of producing engines resulting from EPA standards, or the inability of our manufacturers to comply with EPA requirements, could have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 Certain of our facilities own and operate underground storage tanks, or USTs, for the storage of various petroleum products.  The USTs are generally subject to federal, state, and local laws and regulations that require testing and upgrading of USTs and remediation of contaminated soils and groundwater resulting from leaking USTs.  In addition, if leakage from company-owned or operated USTs migrates onto the property of others, we may be subject to civil liability to third parties for remediation costs or other damages.  Based on historical experience, we believe that our liabilities associated with UST testing, upgrades, and remediation are unlikely to have a material adverse effect on our financial condition or operating results. 
 As with boat dealerships generally, and parts and service operations in particular, our business involves the use, handling, storage, and contracting for recycling or disposal of hazardous or toxic substances or wastes, including environmentally sensitive materials, such as motor oil, waste motor oil and filters, transmission fluid, antifreeze, freon, waste paint and lacquer thinner, batteries, solvents, lubricants, degreasing agents, gasoline, and diesel fuels. Accordingly, we are subject to regulation by federal, state, and local  
 19 
 
  authorities esta  blishing requirements for the use, management, handling, and disposal of these materials and health and environmental quality standards, and liability related thereto, and providing penalties for violations of those standards.  We are also subject to laws,   ordinances, and regulations governing investigation and remediation of contamination at facilities we operate to which we send hazardous or toxic substances or wastes for treatment, recycling, or disposal.  
 We do not believe we have any material environmental liabilities or that compliance with environmental laws, ordinances, and regulations will, individually or in the aggregate, have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, or results of operations.  However, soil and groundwater contamination has been known to exist at certain properties owned or leased by us.  We have also been required and may in the future be required to remove aboveground and underground storage tanks containing hazardous substances or wastes.  As to certain of our properties, specific releases of petroleum have been or are in the process of being remedied in accordance with state and federal guidelines.  We are monitoring the soil and groundwater as required by applicable state and federal guidelines.  In addition, the shareholders of the acquired dealers have indemnified us for specific environmental issues identified on environmental site assessments performed by us as part of the acquisitions.  We maintain insurance for pollutant cleanup and removal.  The coverage pays for the expenses to extract pollutants from land or water at the insured property, if the discharge, dispersal, seepage, migration, release, or escape of the pollutants is caused by or results from a covered cause of loss.  We also have additional storage tank liability insurance and  Superfund  coverage where applicable.  In addition, certain of our retail locations are located on waterways that are subject to federal or state laws regulating navigable waters (including oil pollution prevention), fish and wildlife, and other matters. 
 Three of the properties we own were historically used as gasoline service stations.  Remedial action with respect to prior historical site activities on these properties has been completed in accordance with federal and state law. We, however, do not believe that these environmental issues will result in any material liabilities to us. 
 Additionally, certain states have required or are considering requiring a license in order to operate a recreational boat.  While such licensing requirements are not expected to be unduly restrictive, regulations may discourage potential first-time buyers, thereby limiting future sales, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 Product Liability 
 The products we sell or service may expose us to potential liabilities for personal injury or property damage claims relating to the use of those products.  Historically, the resolution of product liability claims has not materially affected our business.  Our manufacturers generally maintain product liability insurance, and we maintain third-party product liability insurance, which we believe to be adequate.  However, we may experience legal claims in excess of our insurance coverage, and those claims may not be covered by insurance.  Furthermore, any significant claims against us could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations and result in negative publicity.  Excessive insurance claims also could result in increased insurance premiums. 
 Competition 
 We operate in a highly competitive environment.  In addition to facing competition generally from recreation businesses seeking to attract consumers  leisure time and discretionary spending dollars, the recreational boat industry itself is highly fragmented, resulting in intense competition for customers, quality products, boat show space, and suitable retail locations.  We rely to a certain extent on boat shows to generate sales.  Our inability to participate in boat shows in our existing or targeted markets could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 We compete primarily with single-location boat dealers and, with respect to sales of marine equipment, parts, and accessories, with national specialty marine stores, catalog retailers, sporting goods stores, and mass merchants.  Competition among boat dealers is generally based on the quality of available products, the price and value of the products, and attention to customer service.  There is significant competition both within markets we currently serve and in new markets that we may enter.  We compete in each of our markets with retailers of brands of boats and engines we do not sell in that market.  In addition, several of our competitors, especially those selling boating accessories, are large national or regional chains that have substantial financial, marketing, and other resources.  However, we believe that our integrated corporate infrastructure and marketing and sales capabilities, our cost structure, and our nationwide presence enable us to compete effectively against these companies.  Private sales of used boats represent an additional significant source of competition. 
 20 
 
  Executive Officers  
 The following table sets forth information concerning each of our executive officers as of December 1, 2016: 

Name  

Age  

Position  

William H. McGill Jr.  

72  

Chairman of the Board, President, Chief Executive 
    Officer, and Director  

Michael H. McLamb  

51  

Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, 
    Secretary, and Director  

William Brett McGill  

48  

Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer  

Charles A. Cashman  

53  

Executive Vice President and Chief Revenue Officer  

Paulee C. Day  

47  

Executive Vice President, Chief Legal Officer, and 
    Assistant Secretary  

Anthony E. Cassella, Jr  

47  

Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer  

William H. McGill Jr . has served as the Chief Executive Officer of MarineMax since January 23, 1998 and as the Chairman of the Board and as a director of our company since March 6, 1998.  Mr. McGill served as the President of our company from January 23, 1988 until September 8, 2000 and re-assumed the position on July 1, 2002.  Mr. McGill was the principal owner and president of Gulfwind USA, Inc., one of our operating subsidiaries, from 1973 until its merger with us in 1998. In December 2016, Mr. McGill joined the Board of Directors of Joi Scientific, Inc., an energy company with which we have a licensing agreement.    
 Michael H. McLamb  has served as Executive Vice President of our company since October 2002, as Chief Financial Officer since January 23, 1998, as Secretary since April 5, 1998, and as a director since November 1, 2003.  Mr. McLamb served as Vice President and Treasurer of our company from January 23, 1998 until October 22, 2002.  Mr. McLamb, a certified public accountant, was employed by Arthur Andersen LLP from December 1987 to December 1997, serving most recently as a senior manager.  
 William Brett McGill  has served as Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer since October 2016. Mr. McGill served as Executive Vice President Operations of our company from October 2015 to September 2016, as Vice President of West Operations of our company from May 2012 to September 2015, and was appointed as an executive officer by our Board of Directors in November 2012.  Mr. McGill served as one of our Regional Presidents from March 2006 to May 2012, as Vice President of Information Technology, Service and Parts of our company from October 2004 to March 2006, and as Director of Information Services from March 1998. Mr. McGill began his professional career with a software development firm, Integrated Dealer Systems, prior to joining our company in 1996.  William Brett McGill is the son of William H. McGill, Jr.  
 Charles A. Cashman  has served as Executive Vice President and Chief Revenue Officer of our company since October 2016.  Mr. Cashman served as Executive Vice President Sales, Marketing, and Manufacturer Relations of our company from October 2015 to September 2016, served as Vice President of East Operations of our company from May 2012 to September 2015, and was appointed as an executive officer by our Board of Directors in November 2012.  Mr. Cashman served as Regional President of East Florida from October 2008 to May 2012, and as District Manager of the East Coast of Florida from March 2007 to October 2008.  Mr. Cashman served several other positions of increasing responsibility, including Sales Consultant, Sales Manager, and General Manager, since joining our company in 1992.  
 Paulee C. Day  has served as Executive Vice President and Chief Legal Officer of our company since October 2015. Ms. Day has served as Vice President of our company since February 2009 and as General Counsel and Assistant Secretary since January 2003.  Ms. Day, an active member of the Florida Bar, was employed by Maxxim Medical from May 1999 to November 2002, serving as Vice President, General Counsel, and Secretary.  Prior to that time, Ms. Day was Corporate Attorney at Eckerd Corporation from June 1997 through May 1999 and a corporate attorney at the law firm Trenam, Kemker, Scharf, Barkin, Frye, O Neill and Mullis, P.A. from January 1995 through June 1997.  
 Anthony E. Cassella, Jr.  has served as Vice President of our company since February 2016, Chief Accounting Officer of our company since October 2014, and Vice President of Accounting and Shared Services of our company since February 2011. Mr. Cassella served as Director of Shared Services from October 2007 until February 2011 and Regional Controller from March 1999 until October 2007. Mr. Cassella was the Controller of Merit Marine which the Company acquired in March 1999. Mr. Cassella, a certified public accountant, worked in public accounting from June 1991 to February 1998, serving most recently as manager.  

21 

Item 1A.   
 
        Ri  sk Factors     

 General economic conditions and consumer spending patterns can negatively impact our operating results, and the severe recession that began in late 2007 has adversely affected the boating industry and our company. 
 General economic conditions and consumer spending patterns can negatively impact our operating results.  Unfavorable local, regional, national, or global economic developments or uncertainties regarding future economic prospects could reduce consumer spending in the markets we serve and adversely affect our business.  Economic conditions in areas in which we operate dealerships, particularly Florida in which we generated approximately 52%, 53%, and 55% of our revenue during fiscal 2014, 2015, and 2016, respectively, can have a major impact on our operations.  Local influences, such as corporate downsizing, military base closings, and inclement weather such as hurricanes or other storms, environmental conditions, and specific events, such as the BP oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico in 2010, also could adversely affect, and in certain instances have adversely affected, our operations in certain markets. 
 In an economic downturn, consumer discretionary spending levels generally decline, at times resulting in disproportionately large reductions in the sale of luxury goods.  Consumer spending on luxury goods also may decline as a result of lower consumer confidence levels, even if prevailing economic conditions are favorable.  As a result, an economic downturn could impact us more than certain of our competitors due to our strategic focus on a higher end of our market. Although we have expanded our operations during periods of stagnant or modestly declining industry trends, the cyclical nature of the recreational boating industry or the lack of industry growth could adversely affect our business, financial condition, or results of operations in the future.  Any period of adverse economic conditions or low consumer confidence has a negative effect on our business. 
 Lower consumer spending resulting from a downturn in the housing market and other economic factors adversely affected our business in fiscal 2007, and continued weakness in consumer spending and depressed economic conditions had a substantial negative effect on our business for several years afterwards. Our revenue decreased from $1.2 billion in fiscal 2007, to $885.4 million in fiscal 2008, to $588.6 million in fiscal 2009, and to $450.3 million in fiscal 2010.  Our earnings decreased from a net income of $20.1 million in fiscal 2007 to a net loss of $134.3 million in fiscal 2008 (including a $122.1 million goodwill impairment charge), a net loss of $76.8 million in fiscal 2009, net income of $2.5 million in fiscal 2010 (including a $19.2 million tax refund), and a net loss of $11.5 million in fiscal 2011.  These substantially deteriorating economic and financial conditions had a greater impact on many other participants in the boating industry, with certain manufacturers and dealers ceasing business operations or filing for bankruptcy.   
 These conditions caused us to reduce substantially our acquisition program, delay new store openings, reduce our inventory purchases, engage in inventory reduction efforts, close a number of our retail locations, reduce our headcount, and amend and replace our credit facility.  While we believe the steps we took enabled us to emerge from the economic environment of the severe recession as a stronger and more profitable company, we cannot predict whether unfavorable economic, financial, or industry conditions will return or the extent to which they would adversely affect our operating results if they returned nor can we predict the effectiveness of the measures we have taken to address this environment or whether additional measures will be necessary.  A return of depressed economic or industry factors would have additional negative effects on our company, including interfering with our supply of certain brands by manufacturers, reduced marketing and other support by manufacturers, decreased revenue, additional pressures on margins, and our failure to satisfy covenants under our credit agreement. 
 The availability and costs of borrowed funds can adversely affect our ability to obtain adequate boat inventory and the ability and willingness of our customers to finance boat purchases. 
 The availability and costs of borrowed funds can adversely affect our ability to obtain and maintain adequate boat inventory and the holding costs of that inventory as well as the ability and willingness of our customers to finance boat purchases.  As of September 30, 2016, we had no long-term debt.  We rely on the Amended Credit Facility led by Wells Fargo Commercial Distribution Finance LLC to purchase and maintain our inventory of boats.  Our ability to borrow under the Amended Credit Facility depends on our ability to continue to satisfy our covenants and other obligations under the Amended Credit Facility. The variable interest rate under our Amended Credit Facility will fluctuate with changing market conditions and, accordingly, our interest expense will increase if interest rates rise. A significant increase in interest rates could have a material adverse effect on our operating results.  The aging of our inventory limits our borrowing capacity as defined provisions in the Amended Credit Facility reduce the allowable advance rate as our inventory ages.  Our access to funds under the Amended Credit Facility also depends upon the ability of our lenders, to meet their funding commitments, particularly if they experience shortages of capital or experience excessive volumes of borrowing requests from others during a short period of time.  Depressed economic conditions, weak consumer spending, turmoil in the credit markets, and lender difficulties, among other potential reasons, could interfere with our ability to maintain compliance with our debt covenants and to utilize the Amended Credit Facility to fund our operations.  Accordingly, under such circumstances, it may be necessary for us to close additional stores, further reduce our expense structure, or modify the covenants with our lenders.  Any inability to utilize the Amended Credit Facility or the acceleration of amounts owed, resulting from a covenant violation, insufficient collateral, or lender  
 22 
 
  difficulties, could require us to seek other sources of funding to repay amounts outstanding under the Amended Credit Facility or replace or supplement the Amended Credit Facility, which may not be pos  sible at all or under commercially reasonable terms.  
 The Amended Credit Facility provides a floor plan financing commitment of up to $300 million. The collateral for the Amended Credit Facility is all of our personal property with certain limited exceptions.  None of our real estate has been pledged as collateral for the Amended Credit Facility.  As of September 30, 2016, we were in compliance with all of the covenants under the Amended Credit Facility and our additional available borrowings under the Amended Credit Facility was approximately $69.8 million based upon the outstanding borrowing base availability. 
 Similarly, decreases in the availability of credit and increases in the cost of credit adversely affect the ability of our customers to purchase boats from us and thereby adversely affect our ability to sell our products and impact the profitability of our finance and insurance activities.  Tight credit conditions during each fiscal year beginning with fiscal 2008 and continuing through fiscal 2011 adversely affected the ability of customers to finance boat purchases, which had a negative effect on our operating results. 
 Our strategies to enhance our performance may not be successful. 
 We are increasing our efforts to grow our financing and insurance, parts and accessories, service, yacht charter, brokerage, and boat storage businesses to better serve our customers and thereby increase revenue and improve profitability as a result of these higher margin businesses.  In addition, we have implemented programs to increase the lead capture and sale over the Internet of used boats, parts, accessories, and a wide range of boating supplies and products.  These efforts and programs are designed to increase our revenue and reduce our dependence on the sale of new boats.  These business initiatives have required, and will continue to require, us to add personnel, invest capital, enter businesses in which we do not have extensive experience, and encounter substantial competition.  As a result, our strategies to enhance our performance may not be successful and we may increase our expenses or write off such investments if not successful. 
 Our success depends to a significant extent on the well being, as well as the continued popularity and reputation for quality of the boating products, of our manufacturers, particularly Brunswick s Sea Ray and Boston Whaler boat lines and Azimut-Benetti Group s Azimut products. 
 Approximately 40% of our revenue in fiscal 2016 resulted from sales of new boats manufactured by Brunswick, including approximately 24% from Brunswick s Sea Ray division, 14% from Brunswick s Boston Whaler division, and approximately 2% from Brunswick s other divisions.  Additionally, approximately 11% of our revenue in fiscal 2016 resulted from sales of new boats manufactured by Azimut-Benetti Group. The remainder of our fiscal 2016 revenue from new boat sales resulted from sales of products from a limited number of other manufacturers, none of which accounted for more than 10% of our revenue. 
 We depend on our manufacturers to provide us with products that compare favorably with competing products in terms of quality, performance, safety, and advanced features, including the latest advances in propulsion and navigation systems.  Any adverse change in the production efficiency, product development efforts, technological advancement, marketplace acceptance, marketing capabilities, and financial condition of our manufacturers, particularly Brunswick and Azimut-Benetti Group given our reliance on Sea Ray, Boston Whaler, and Azimut, would have a substantial adverse impact on our business.  Any difficulties encountered by any of our manufacturers, particularly Brunswick and Azimut-Benetti Group, resulting from economic, financial, or other factors could adversely affect the quality and amount of products that they are able to supply to us and the services and support they provide to us. 
 The interruption or discontinuance of the operations of Brunswick, Azimut-Benetti Group, or other manufacturers could cause us to experience shortfalls, disruptions, or delays with respect to needed inventory.  Although we believe that adequate alternate sources would be available that could replace any manufacturer other than Brunswick and Azimut-Benetti Group as a product source, those alternate sources may not be available at the time of any interruption, and alternative products may not be available at comparable quality and prices. 
 We have dealer agreements with Brunswick covering Sea Ray and Boston Whaler products.  Each dealer agreement has a multi-year term and provides for the lowest product prices charged by the Sea Ray division of Brunswick or Boston Whaler, as applicable, from time to time to other domestic Sea Ray or Boston Whaler dealers, as applicable.  These terms are subject to: 

the dealer meeting all the requirements and conditions of the manufacturer s applicable programs; and     

the right of Brunswick in good faith to charge lesser prices to other dealers     

to meet existing competitive circumstances;     

for unusual and non-ordinary business circumstances; or     

for limited duration promotional programs.     

 23 
 
  Each dealer agreement designates a specific geographical territory for the dealer, which is exclusive to the dealer provided that the dealer is able to meet t  he material obligations of its dealer agreement.  
 In March 2006, we became the exclusive dealer for Azimut-Benetti Group s Azimut product line for the Northeast United States.  Our geographic territory was expanded to include Florida in September 2008 and to the entire United States in July 2012.  The Azimut dealer agreement provides a geographic territory to promote the product line and to network with the appropriate clientele through various independent locations designated for Azimut retail sales. Our dealer agreement is multi-year term but requires us to be in compliance with its terms and conditions. 
 As is typical in the industry, we generally deal with manufacturers, other than Sea Ray and Boston Whaler (both divisions of Brunswick) and Azimut, under renewable annual dealer agreements.  These agreements do not contain any contractual provisions concerning product pricing or required purchasing levels.  Pricing is generally established on a model year basis, but is subject to change in the manufacturer s sole discretion.  Any change or termination of these arrangements for any reason could adversely affect product availability and cost and our financial performance. 
 Boat manufacturers exercise substantial control over our business. 
 We depend on our dealer agreements.  Through dealer agreements, boat manufacturers, including Brunswick and Azimut, exercise significant control over their dealers, restrict them to specified locations, and retain approval rights over changes in management and ownership, among other things.  The continuation of our dealer agreements with most manufacturers, including Brunswick and Azimut, depends upon, among other things, our achieving stated goals for customer satisfaction ratings and market share penetration in the market served by the applicable dealership.  Failure to meet the customer satisfaction, market share goals, and other conditions set forth in any dealer agreement could have various consequences, including the following: 

the termination of the dealer agreement;     

the imposition of additional conditions in subsequent dealer agreements;     

limitations on boat inventory allocations;     

reductions in reimbursement rates for warranty work performed by the dealer;     

loss of certain manufacturer to dealer incentives;     

denial of approval of future acquisitions; or     

the loss of exclusive rights to sell in the geographic territory.     

 These events could have a material adverse effect on our competitive position and financial performance. 
 The failure to receive rebates and other dealer incentives on inventory purchases or retail sales could substantially reduce our margins. 
 We rely on manufacturers  programs that provide incentives for dealers to purchase and sell particular boat makes and models or for consumers to buy particular boat makes or models.  Any eliminations, reductions, limitations, or other changes relating to rebate or incentive programs that have the effect of reducing the benefits we receive, whether relating to the ability of manufacturers to pay or our ability to qualify for such incentive programs, could increase the effective cost of our boat purchases, reduce our margins and competitive position, and have a material adverse effect on our financial performance. 
 Fuel prices and supply may affect our business. 
 All of the recreational boats we sell are powered by diesel or gasoline engines.  Consequently, an interruption in the supply, or a significant increase in the price or tax on the sale of fuel on a regional or national basis could have a material adverse effect on our sales and operating results.  Increases in fuel prices (such as those that occurred during fiscal 2008) negatively impact boat sales.  At various times in the past, diesel or gasoline fuel has been difficult to obtain.  The supply of fuels may be interrupted, rationing may be imposed, or the price of or tax on fuels may significantly increase in the future, adversely impacting our business. 
 24 
 
  Our sales may be adversely impacted by a material increase in interest rates.  
 Over the past several years, our economy has been positively impacted by historically unprecedented low interest rates.  Such interest rates, driven by the policies of the Federal Reserve, are a political issue in the United States.  The Federal Reserve continues to be ambiguous concerning the interest rate issues.  Given that we sell products that are often financed, a material increase in interest rates may adversely impact our customers  willingness or desire to purchase our products.  
 The availability of boat insurance is critical to our success. 
 The ability of our customers to secure reasonably affordable boat insurance that is satisfactory to lenders that finance our customers  purchases is critical to our success.  Historically, affordable boat insurance has been available. In addition, as a severe storm approaches land, insurance providers cease underwriting until the storm has passed.  This loss of insurance prevents lenders from lending.  As a result, sales of boats can be temporarily halted making our revenue difficult to predict and causing sales to be delayed or potentially cancelled.  Any difficulty of customers to obtain affordable boat insurance could impede boat sales and adversely affect our business. 
 Other recreational activities, poor industry perception, and potential health risks from environmental conditions can adversely affect the levels of boat purchases. 
 Other recreational activities, poor industry perception, real or perceived health risks, and environmental conditions can adversely affect the levels of boat purchases. Demand for our products can be adversely affected by competition from other activities that occupy consumers  time, including other forms of recreation as well as religious, cultural and community activities. In addition, real or perceived health risks from engaging in outdoor activities and local environmental conditions in the areas in which we operate dealerships could adversely affect the levels of boat purchases.  Further, as a seller of high-end consumer products, we must compete for discretionary spending with a wide variety of other recreational activities and consumer purchases.  In addition, perceived hassles of boat ownership and customer service and customer education throughout the retail boat industry, which has traditionally been perceived to be relatively poor, represent impediments to boat purchases.   
 Adverse federal tax policies can have a negative effect on us. 
   
 Changes in federal and state tax laws, such as an imposition of luxury taxes on new boat purchases, increases in prevailing tax rates, and removal of certain interest deductions, also influence consumers  decisions to purchase products we offer and could have a negative effect on our sales.  For example, during 1991 and 1992, the federal government imposed a luxury tax on new recreational boats with sales prices in excess of $100,000, which coincided with a sharp decline in boating industry sales from a high of more than $17.9 billion in 1988 to a low of $10.3 billion in 1992.  Any increase in tax rates, including those on capital gains and dividends, particularly those on high-income taxpayers, could adversely affect our boat sales. 
 In addition to our traditional repeat and referral business in our physical locations, digital channels are increasingly significant in serving our existing customer base and reaching new customers.  Our continued expansion and success will be negatively impacted if we are not able to fully exploit these channels. 
 Our digital channels are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that are beyond our control, including the following: 

changes in technology;     

changes in consumer willingness to conduct business electronically, including increasing concerns with consumer privacy and risk and changing laws, rules, and regulations, such as the imposition of or increase in taxes;     

technology or security impediments that may inhibit our ability to electronically market our products and services;     

changes in applicable federal, state and commercial regulation, such as the Federal Trade Commission Act, the Fair Credit Reporting Act, the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act, purchasing card industry requirements, Office of Foreign Assets Control regulations and similar types of international laws;     

failure of our service providers to perform their services properly and in a timely and efficient manner;     

failures in our infrastructure or by third parties, such as telephone or electric power service, resulting in website or application downtime or other problems;     

failure to adequately respond to customers, process orders or deliver services, which may negatively impact both future digital and/or in-store purchases by such customers;     

inability of our suppliers or service partners to fulfill customer orders, which may negatively impact customer satisfaction;     

 25 

our failure to assess and evaluate our digital product and service offerings to ensure that our products and services are desired by boat  ing enthusiasts; and      

the potential exposure to liability with respect to third-party information, including copyright, trademark infringement, or other wrongful acts of third parties; false or erroneous information provided by third parties; or illegal activities by third parties, such as the sale of stolen boats or other goods.     

 Further, we may also be vulnerable to competitive pressures from the growing electronic commerce activity in our market, both as they may impact our own on-line business, and as they may impact the operating results and investment values of our existing physical locations. 
 Elements of our yacht charter business expose us to certain risks. 
 Our yacht charter business entails the sale of specifically designed yachts to third parties for inclusion in our yacht charter fleet; a yacht management agreement under which yacht owners enable us to put their yachts in our yacht charter program for a period of four to five years for a fixed monthly fee payable by us; our services in storing, insuring, and maintaining their yachts; and the charter by us of these yachts to vacation customers at agreed fees payable to us.  Our failure to find purchasers for yachts intended for our charter fleet will increase our boat inventory and related operating costs; lack of sales into our charter fleet may result in increased losses due to market adjustments of our yacht charter inventory; and our failure to generate a sufficient number of vacation charter customers will require us to absorb all the costs of the monthly fees to the yacht owners as well as other operating costs. 
 Customers consider safety and reliability a primary concern in selecting a yacht charter provider.  The yacht charter business may present a number of safety risks including but not limited to, catastrophic disaster, adverse weather and marine conditions, mechanical failure and collision.  If we are unable to maintain acceptable records for safety and reliability, our ability to retain current customers and attract new customers may be adversely affected.  Additionally, any safety issue encountered during a yacht charter may result in claims against us as well as negative publicity.  These events could have a material adverse effect on the competitive position and financial performance of both our yacht charter business and our core boat sales business. 
 The yacht charter business is also highly fragmented, consisting primarily of local operators and franchisees.  Competition among charter operators is based on location, the type and size of yachts offered, charter rates, destinations serviced, and attention to customer service.  Yacht charters also face competition from other travel and leisure options, including, but not limited to, cruises, hotels, resorts, theme parks, organized tours, land-based casino operators, and vacation ownership properties.  We therefore risk losing business not only to other charter operators, but also to vacation operators that provide such alternatives. 
 Our success depends, in part, on our ability to continue to make successful acquisitions and to integrate the operations of acquired dealers and each dealer we acquire in the future. 
 Since March 1, 1998, we have acquired 26 recreational boat dealers, two boat brokerage operations, and two full-service yacht repair facilities.  Each acquired dealer operated independently prior to its acquisition by us.  Our success depends, in part, on our ability to continue to make successful acquisitions and to integrate the operations of acquired dealers, including centralizing certain functions to achieve cost savings and pursuing programs and processes that promote cooperation and the sharing of opportunities and resources among our dealerships.  We may not be able to oversee the combined entity efficiently or to implement effectively our growth and operating strategies.  To the extent that we successfully pursue our acquisition strategy, our resulting growth will place significant additional demands on our management and infrastructure.  Our failure to pursue successfully our acquisition strategies or operate effectively the combined entity could have a material adverse effect on our rate of growth and operating performance. 
 Unforeseen expenses, difficulties, and delays frequently encountered in connection with expansion through acquisitions could inhibit our growth and negatively impact our profitability. 
 Our growth strategy of acquiring additional recreational boat dealers involves significant risks.  This strategy entails reviewing and potentially reorganizing acquired business operations, corporate infrastructure and systems, and financial controls.  Unforeseen expenses, difficulties, and delays frequently encountered in connection with rapid expansion through acquisitions could inhibit our growth and negatively impact our profitability.  We may be unable to identify suitable acquisition candidates or to complete the acquisitions of candidates that we identify.  Increased competition for acquisition candidates or increased asking prices by acquisition candidates may increase purchase prices for acquisitions to levels beyond our financial capability or to levels that would not result in the returns required by our acquisition criteria.  Acquisitions also may become more difficult or less attractive in the future as we acquire more of the most attractive dealers.  In addition, we may encounter difficulties in integrating the operations of acquired dealers with our own operations or managing acquired dealers profitably without substantial costs, delays, or other operational or financial problems. 
 26 
 
  We may issue common or preferred stock and incur substantial indebtedness in making future acquisitions.  The size, timing, and integration of any future acquisitions may cause substantial fluctuations in operating results from quarter to qu  arter.  Consequently, operating results for any quarter may not be indicative of the results that may be achieved for any subsequent quarter or for a full fiscal year.  These fluctuations could adversely affect the market price of our common stock.  
 Our ability to continue to grow through the acquisition of additional dealers will depend upon various factors, including the following: 

the availability of suitable acquisition candidates at attractive purchase prices;     

the ability to compete effectively for available acquisition opportunities;     

the availability of cash on hand, borrowed funds or common stock with a sufficient market price to complete the acquisitions;     

the ability to obtain any requisite manufacturer or governmental approvals;     

the ability to obtain approval of our lenders under our current credit agreement; and     

the absence of one or more manufacturers attempting to impose unsatisfactory restrictions on us in connection with their approval of acquisitions.     

 As a part of our acquisition strategy, we frequently engage in discussions with various recreational boat dealers regarding their potential acquisition by us.  In connection with these discussions, we and each potential acquisition candidate exchange confidential operational and financial information, conduct due diligence inquiries, and consider the structure, terms, and conditions of the potential acquisition.  In certain cases, the prospective acquisition candidate agrees not to discuss a potential acquisition with any other party for a specific period of time, grants us an option to purchase the prospective dealer for a designated price during a specific time period, and agrees to take other actions designed to enhance the possibility of the acquisition, such as preparing audited financial information and converting its accounting system to the system specified by us.  Potential acquisition discussions frequently take place over a long period of time and involve difficult business integration and other issues, including in some cases, management succession and related matters.  As a result of these and other factors, a number of potential acquisitions that from time to time appear likely to occur do not result in binding legal agreements and are not consummated. 
 We may be required to obtain the consent of Brunswick and various other manufacturers prior to the acquisition of other dealers. 
 In determining whether to approve acquisitions, manufacturers may consider many factors, including our financial condition and ownership structure.  Manufacturers also may impose conditions on granting their approvals for acquisitions, including a limitation on the number of their dealers that we may acquire.  Our ability to meet manufacturers  requirements for approving future acquisitions will have a direct bearing on our ability to complete acquisitions and effect our growth strategy.  There can be no assurance that a manufacturer will not terminate its dealer agreement, refuse to renew its dealer agreement, refuse to approve future acquisitions, or take other action that could have a material adverse effect on our acquisition program. 
 We and the Sea Ray Division of Brunswick have an agreement extending through August 31, 2018, with automatic annual one-year extensions at each twelve month anniversary of the agreement, provided that our dealer agreements with the Sea Ray Division of Brunswick are still then in effect.   The agreement provides a process for the acquisition of additional Sea Ray boat dealers that want to be acquired by us.  Under the agreement, acquisitions of Sea Ray dealers will be mutually agreed upon by us and Sea Ray with reasonable efforts to be made to include a balance of Sea Ray dealers that have been successful and those that have not been.  The agreement provides that Sea Ray will not unreasonably withhold its consent to any proposed acquisition of a Sea Ray dealer by us, subject to the conditions set forth in the agreement.  Among other things, the agreement requires us to provide Sea Ray with a business plan for each proposed acquisition, including historical financial and five-year projected financial information regarding the acquisition candidate; marketing and advertising plans; service capabilities and managerial and staff personnel; information regarding the ability of the candidate to achieve performance standards within designated periods; and information regarding the success of our previous acquisitions of Sea Ray dealers.  The agreement also contemplates Sea Ray reaching a good faith determination whether the acquisition would be in its best interest based on our dedication and focus of resources on the Sea Ray brand and Sea Ray s consideration of any adverse effects that the approval would have on the resulting territory configuration and adjacent or other dealers  sales and the absence of any violation of applicable laws or rights granted by Sea Ray to others. 
 Our growth strategy also entails expanding our product lines and geographic scope by obtaining additional distribution rights from our existing and new manufacturers.  We may not be able to secure additional distribution rights or obtain suitable alternative sources of supply if we are unable to obtain such distribution rights.  The inability to expand our product lines and geographic scope by obtaining additional distribution rights could have a material adverse effect on the growth and profitability of our business. 
 27 
 
  Our growth strategy may require us to secure significant additional capital, the amount of which will depend upon the size, timing, and structure of   future acquisitions and our working capital and general corporate needs.  
 If we finance future acquisitions in whole or in part through the issuance of common stock or securities convertible into or exercisable for common stock, existing shareholders will experience dilution in the voting power of their common stock and earnings per share could be negatively impacted.  The extent to which we will be able and willing to use our common stock for acquisitions will depend on the market value of our common stock and the willingness of potential sellers to accept our common stock as full or partial consideration.  Our inability to use our common stock as consideration, to generate cash from operations, or to obtain additional funding through debt or equity financings in order to pursue our acquisition program could materially limit our growth. 
 Any borrowings made to finance future acquisitions or for operations could make us more vulnerable to a downturn in our operating results, a downturn in economic conditions, or increases in interest rates on borrowings that are subject to interest rate fluctuations.  If our cash flow from operations is insufficient to meet our debt service requirements, we could be required to sell additional equity securities, refinance our obligations, or dispose of assets in order to meet our debt service requirements.  In addition, our credit arrangements contain financial covenants and other restrictions with which we must comply, including limitations on the incurrence of additional indebtedness.  Adequate financing may not be available if and when we need it or may not be available on terms acceptable to us.  The failure to obtain sufficient financing on favorable terms and conditions could have a material adverse effect on our growth prospects and our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 Our internal growth and operating strategies of opening new locations and offering new products involve risk. 
 In addition to pursuing growth by acquiring boat dealers, we intend to continue to pursue a strategy of growth through opening new retail locations and offering new products in our existing and new territories.  Accomplishing these goals for expansion will depend upon a number of factors, including the following: 

our ability to identify new markets in which we can obtain distribution rights to sell our existing or additional product lines;     

our ability to lease or construct suitable facilities at a reasonable cost in existing or new markets;     

our ability to hire, train, and retain qualified personnel;     

the timely and effective integration of new retail locations into existing operations;     

our ability to achieve adequate market penetration at favorable operating margins without the acquisition of existing dealers; and     

our financial resources.     

 Our dealer agreements with Brunswick require Brunswick s consent to open, close, or change retail locations that sell Sea Ray or Boston Whaler products as applicable, and other dealer agreements generally contain similar provisions.  We may not be able to open and operate new retail locations or introduce new product lines on a timely or profitable basis.  Moreover, the costs associated with opening new retail locations or introducing new product lines may adversely affect our profitability. 
 As a result of these growth strategies, we expect to continue to expend significant time and effort in opening and acquiring new retail locations and introducing new products.  Our systems, procedures, controls, and financial resources may not be adequate to support expanding operations.  The inability to manage our growth effectively could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 Our planned growth also will impose significant added responsibilities on members of senior management and require us to identify, recruit, and integrate additional senior level managers.  We may not be able to identify, hire, or train suitable additions to management. 
 Our business, as well as the entire recreational boating industry, is highly seasonal, with seasonality varying in different geographic markets. 
 Over the three-year period ended September 30, 2016, the average revenue for the quarterly periods ended December 31, March 31, June 30, and September 30 represented approximately 19%, 22%, 34%, and 25%, respectively, of our average annual revenue.  With the exception of Florida, we generally realize significantly lower sales and higher levels of inventories and related short-term borrowings in the quarterly periods ending December 31 and March 31.  The onset of the public boat and recreation shows in January stimulates boat sales and allows us to reduce our inventory levels and related short-term borrowings throughout the remainder of the fiscal year.  Our business could become substantially more seasonal if we acquire dealers that operate in colder regions of the United States. 
 28 
 
  Weather and environmental conditions may adversely impact our business.  
 Weather and environmental conditions may adversely impact our operating results.  For example, drought conditions, reduced rainfall levels, excessive rain and environmental conditions, such as the BP oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico in 2010, may force boating areas to close or render boating dangerous or inconvenient, thereby curtailing customer demand for our products.  While we traditionally maintain a full range of insurance coverage for any such events, there can be no assurance that such insurance coverage is adequate to cover losses that we sustain as a result of such disasters.  In addition, unseasonably cool weather and prolonged winter conditions may lead to shorter selling seasons in certain locations.  Many of our dealerships sell boats to customers for use on reservoirs, thereby subjecting our business to the continued viability of these reservoirs for boating use.  Although our geographic diversity and any future geographic expansion should reduce the overall impact on us of adverse weather and environmental conditions in any one market area, weather and environmental conditions will continue to represent potential material adverse risks to us and our future operating performance. 
 In addition, hurricanes and other storms could result in the disruption of our operations and/or supply chain, including boat deliveries from manufacturers, or damage to our boat inventories and facilities as has been the case when Florida and other markets have been affected by hurricanes.  While we traditionally maintain property and casualty insurance coverage for damage caused by hurricanes and other storms, there can be no assurance that such insurance coverage is adequate to cover losses that we may sustain as a result of hurricanes and other storms such as damage from Hurricane Sandy. We maintain insurance for property damage and business interruption, subject to deductibles. 
 We face intense competition. 
 We operate in a highly competitive environment.  In addition to facing competition generally from recreation businesses seeking to attract consumers  leisure time and discretionary spending dollars, the recreational boat industry itself is highly fragmented, resulting in intense competition for customers, quality products, boat show space, and suitable retail locations.  We rely to a certain extent on boat shows to generate sales.  Our inability to participate in boat shows in our existing or targeted markets could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 We compete primarily with single-location boat dealers and, with respect to sales of marine parts, accessories, and equipment, with national specialty marine parts and accessories stores, catalog retailers, sporting goods stores, and mass merchants.  Competition among boat dealers is based on the quality of available products, the price and value of the products, and attention to customer service.  There is significant competition both within markets we currently serve and in new markets that we may enter.  We compete in each of our markets with retailers of brands of boats and engines we do not sell in that market.  In addition, several of our competitors, especially those selling marine equipment and accessories, are large national or regional chains that have substantial financial, marketing, and other resources.  Private sales of used boats represent an additional source of competition. 
 Due to various matters, including environmental concerns, permitting and zoning requirements, and competition for waterfront real estate, some markets in the United States have experienced an increased waiting list for marina and storage availability.  In general, the markets in which we currently operate are not experiencing any unusual difficulties.  However, marine retail activity could be adversely affected in markets that do not have sufficient marine and storage availability to satisfy demand. 
 A significant amount of our boat sales are from the State of Florida.  
 Economic conditions, weather and environmental conditions, competition, market conditions, and any other adverse conditions impacting the State of Florida in which we generated approximately 52%, 53%, and 55% of our revenue during fiscal 2014, 2015, and 2016, respectively, could have a major impact on our operations.  
 We depend on income from financing, insurance, and extended service contracts. 
 A portion of our income results from referral fees derived from the placement or marketing of various finance and insurance, or F I products, consisting of customer financing, insurance products, and extended service contracts, the most significant component of which is the participation and other fees resulting from our sale of customer financing contracts. 
 The availability of financing for our boat purchasers and the level of participation and other fees we receive in connection with such financing depend on the particular agreement between us and the lender and the current rate environment.  Lenders may impose terms in their boat financing arrangements with us that may be unfavorable to us or our customers, resulting in reduced demand for our customer financing programs and lower participation and other fees.  Laws or regulations may be enacted nationally or locally which could result in fees from lenders being eliminated or reduced, materially impacting our operating results. Customer financing became more difficult to secure during fiscal 2008, which continued in each subsequent fiscal year through fiscal 2011. 
 29 
 
  Changes, including the lengthening of manufacturer warranties, may reduce our ability to offer and sell extended service contracts   which may have a material adverse impact on our ability to sell F I products.  
 The Dodd-Frank Act established a new consumer financial protection agency with broad regulatory powers. Although boat dealers are generally excluded, the Dodd-Frank Act could lead to additional, indirect regulation of boat dealers through its regulation of other financial institutions which provide such financing to our customers. 
 The reduction of profit margins on sales of F I products or the lack of demand for or the unavailability of these products could have a material adverse effect on our operating margins. 
 We depend on our key personnel and team members. 
 Our success depends, in large part, upon our ability to attract, train, and retain, qualified team members and executive officers, as well as the continuing efforts and abilities of team members and executive officers.  Although we have employment agreements with certain of our executive officers, we cannot ensure that these or other executive personnel and team members will remain with us.  Expanding our operations may require us to add additional executive personnel and team members in the future.  As a result of our decentralized operating strategy, we also rely on the management teams of our dealerships.  In addition, we likely will depend on the senior management of any significant businesses we acquire in the future.  The loss of the services of one or more key employees before we are able to attract and retain qualified replacement personnel could adversely affect our business. Additionally, our ability to manage our personnel costs and operating expenses is subject to external factors such as unemployment levels, prevailing wage rates, healthcare and other benefit costs, changing demographics, and our reputation and relevance within the labor markets where we are located.  
 The products we sell or service may expose us to potential liability for personal injury or property damage claims relating to the use of those products. 
 Manufacturers of the products we sell generally maintain product liability insurance.  We also maintain third-party product liability insurance that we believe to be adequate.  We may experience claims that are not covered by or that are in excess of our insurance coverage.  The institution of any significant claims against us could subject us to damages, result in higher insurance costs, and harm our business reputation with potential customers. 
 Environmental and other regulatory issues may impact our operations. 
 Our operations are subject to extensive regulation, supervision, and licensing under various federal, state, and local statutes, ordinances, and regulations, such as those relating to finance and insurance, consumer protection, consumer privacy, escheatment, anti-money laundering, environmental, emissions, health or safety, and employment practices.  With respect to employment practices, we are subject to various laws and regulations, including complex federal, state, and local wage and hour and anti-discrimination laws.  The failure to satisfy those and other regulatory requirements could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. In addition, failure to comply with U.S. trade sanctions, the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and other applicable laws or regulations could result in the assessment of damages, the imposition of penalties, changes to our processes, or a cessation of our operations, as well as damage to our image and reputation, all of which could have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 Various federal, state, and local regulatory agencies, including the Occupational Safety and Health Administration, or OSHA, the United States Environmental Protection Agency, or EPA, and similar federal and local agencies, have jurisdiction over the operation of our dealerships, repair facilities, and other operations, with respect to matters such as consumer protection, workers  safety, and laws regarding protection of the environment, including air, water, and soil.  The EPA promulgated emissions regulations for outboard marine engines that impose stricter emissions standards for two-cycle, gasoline outboard marine engines.  The majority of the outboard marine engines we sell are manufactured by Mercury Marine.  Mercury Marine s product line of low-emission engines, including the OptiMax, Verado, and other four-stroke outboards, have achieved the EPA s mandated 2006 emission levels.  It is possible that environmental regulatory bodies may impose higher emissions standards in the future for these and other marine engines.  Any increased costs of producing engines resulting from current or potentially higher EPA standards in the future could be passed on to our company, or could result in the inability or potential unforeseen delays of our manufacturers to comply with current and future EPA requirements, and these potential consequences could have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 Certain of our facilities own and operate underground storage tanks, or USTs, for the storage of various petroleum products.  USTs are generally subject to federal, state, and local laws and regulations that require testing and upgrading of USTs and remediation of contaminated soils and groundwater resulting from leaking USTs.  In addition, we may be subject to civil liability to third parties for remediation costs or other damages if leakage from our owned or operated USTs migrates onto the property of others. 
 30 
 
  Our business involves the use, handling, storage, and contracting for recycling or disposal of hazardous   or toxic substances or wastes, including environmentally sensitive materials, such as motor oil, waste motor oil and filters, transmission fluid, antifreeze, freon, waste paint and lacquer thinner, batteries, solvents, lubricants, degreasing agents, gasol  ine, and diesel fuels.  Accordingly, we are subject to regulation by federal, state, and local authorities establishing investigation and health and environmental quality standards, and liability related thereto, and providing penalties for violations of t  hose standards.  
 We also are subject to laws, ordinances, and regulations governing investigation and remediation of contamination at facilities we operate or to which we send hazardous or toxic substances or wastes for treatment, recycling, or disposal.  In particular, the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act, or CERCLA or  Superfund,  imposes joint, strict, and several liability on: 

owners or operators of facilities at, from, or to which a release of hazardous substances has occurred;     

parties that generated hazardous substances that were released at such facilities; and     

parties that transported or arranged for the transportation of hazardous substances to such facilities.     

 A majority of states have adopted Superfund statutes comparable to and, in some cases, more stringent than CERCLA.  If we were to be found to be a responsible party under CERCLA or a similar state statute, we could be held liable for all investigative and remedial costs associated with addressing such contamination.  In addition, claims alleging personal injury or property damage may be brought against us as a result of alleged exposure to hazardous substances resulting from our operations.  In addition, certain of our retail locations are located on waterways that are subject to federal or state laws regulating navigable waters (including oil pollution prevention), fish and wildlife, and other matters. 
 Soil and groundwater contamination has been known to exist at certain properties owned or leased by us.  We have also been required and may in the future be required to remove aboveground and underground storage tanks containing hazardous substances or wastes.  As to certain of our properties, specific releases of petroleum have been or are in the process of being remediated in accordance with state and federal guidelines.  We are monitoring the soil and groundwater as required by applicable state and federal guidelines.  We also may have additional storage tank liability insurance and Superfund coverage where applicable.  Environmental laws and regulations are complex and subject to frequent change.  Compliance with amended, new, or more stringent laws or regulations, more strict interpretations of existing laws, or the future discovery of environmental conditions may require additional expenditures by us, and such expenditures may be material. 
 Three of the properties we own were historically used as gasoline service stations.  Remedial action with respect to prior historical site activities on these properties has been completed in accordance with federal and state law. While we do not believe that these environmental issues will result in any material liabilities to us, we cannot provide assurances that no such material liabilities will occur.   
 Additionally, certain states have required or are considering requiring a license in order to operate a recreational boat.  These regulations could discourage potential buyers, thereby limiting future sales and adversely affecting our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 Furthermore, the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, which was signed into law on March 23, 2010, is expected to increase our annual employee health care costs that we fund, and significantly increase our cost of compliance and compliance risk related to offering health care benefits.  
 Finally, new laws and regulations, particularly at the federal level, in other areas may be enacted, which could also materially adversely impact our business.  The labor policy of the current administration could lead to increased unionization efforts, which could lead to higher labor costs, disrupt our store operations, and adversely affect our operating results.  
 The market price of our common stock could be subject to wide fluctuations as a result of many factors. 
 Factors that could affect the trading price of our common stock include the following: 

variations in our operating results;     

the thin trading volume and relatively small public float of our common stock;     

our ability to continue to secure adequate levels of financing;     

variations in same-store sales;     

general economic, political, and market conditions;     

 31 

changes in earnings estimates published by analysts;     

the level and success of our acquisition program and new store openings;     

the success of dealership integration;     

relationships with manufacturers;     

seasonality and weather conditions;     

governmental policies and regulations;     

the performance of the recreational boat industry in general; and     

factors relating to suppliers and competitors.     

 In addition, market demand for small-capitalization stocks, and price and volume fluctuations in the stock market unrelated to our performance could result in significant fluctuations in the market price of our common stock. 
 The performance of our common stock could adversely affect our ability to raise equity in the public markets and adversely affect our acquisition program. 
 The issuance of additional capital stock in the future, including shares that we may issue pursuant to stock-based grants, including grants of stock options, restricted stock awards and restricted stock units, and future acquisitions, may result in dilution in the net tangible book value per share of our common stock. 
 Our board of directors has the legal power and authority to determine the terms of an offering of shares of our capital stock, or securities convertible into or exchangeable for these shares, to the extent of our shares of authorized and unissued capital stock.  The issuance of additional common stock in the future, including shares that we may issue pursuant to stock-based grants, including grants of stock options, restricted stock awards and restricted stock units, and future acquisitions, may result in dilution in the net tangible book value per share of our common stock. 
 A substantial number of shares are eligible for future sale. 
 As of September 30, 2016, there were 24,285,616 shares of our common stock outstanding.  Substantially all of these shares are freely tradable without restriction or further registration under the securities laws, unless held by an  affiliate  of our company, as that term is defined in Rule 144 under the securities laws.  Shares held by affiliates of our company, which generally include our directors, officers, and certain principal shareholders, are subject to the resale limitations of Rule 144 described below.  Outstanding shares of common stock issued in connection with the acquisition of any acquired dealers are available for resale beginning six months after the respective dates of the acquisitions, subject to compliance with the provisions of Rule 144 under the securities laws. 
 Through September 30, 2016, we have issued options to purchase approximately 5,065,216 shares of common stock and 1,007,012 restricted stock awards under our incentive stock plans, and we issued 767,950 shares of common stock under our employee stock purchase plan.  We have filed a registration statement under the securities laws to register the common stock to be issued under these plans.  As a result, shares issued under these plans will be freely tradable without restriction unless acquired by affiliates of our company, who will be subject to the volume and other limitations of Rule 144. 
 We may issue additional shares of common stock or preferred stock under the securities laws as part of any acquisition we may complete in the future.  If issued pursuant to an effective registration statement, these shares generally will be freely tradable after their issuance by persons not affiliated with us or the acquired companies. 
 We do not pay cash dividends. 
 We have never paid cash dividends on our common stock and we have no current intention to do so for the foreseeable future. 
 Certain provisions of our restated articles of incorporation and bylaws and Florida law may make a change in the control of our company more difficult to complete, even if a change in control were in the shareholders  interest or might result in a premium over the market price for the shares held by the shareholders. 
 Our articles of incorporation and bylaws divide our board of directors into three classes of directors elected for staggered three-year terms.  The articles of incorporation also provide that the board of directors may authorize the issuance of one or more series of preferred stock from time to time and may determine the rights, preferences, privileges, and restrictions and fix the number of shares  
 32 
 
  of any such series of preferred stock, without any vote or action by our shareholders.  The board of dire  ctors may authorize the issuance of preferred stock with voting or conversion rights that could adversely affect the voting power or other rights of the holders of common stock.  The articles of incorporation also allow our board of directors to fix the nu  mber of directors and to fill vacancies on the board of directors.  
 Our articles of incorporation contain provisions that adopt substantially all of the protections afforded under Florida's affiliated transactions statute (which provides that, with certain exceptions, a transaction with an "interested shareholder" must generally be approved by the affirmative vote of the holders of two-thirds of the voting shares (other than the shares owned by the interested shareholder)), except that our articles of incorporation define an "interested shareholder" as any person who holds 15% or more of our outstanding stock (rather than 10% as set forth in the statute). Certain of our dealer agreements could also make it difficult for a third party to attempt to acquire a significant ownership position in our company. 
 Our sales of yachts produced by the Azimut-Benetti Group in Italy, yachts produced by Galeon in Poland, and motor and sailing yachts produced by Sino Eagle in China expose us to international political, economic, and other risks. 
 Our sales of yachts produced by the Azimut-Benetti Group in Italy, yachts produced by Galeon in Poland, and yachts for our yacht charter fleet produced by Sino Eagle in China expose us to international political, economic, and other risks.  Protectionist trade legislation in the United States, the European Union, Italy, Poland, or China, such as a change in current tariff structures, export or import compliance laws, or other trade policies could adversely affect our ability to import yachts from these foreign suppliers under economically favorable terms and conditions.  Our foreign purchase of yachts creates a number of logistical and communications challenges.  The economic, political, and other risks we face resulting from these foreign purchases include the following: 

compliance with U.S. and local laws and regulatory requirements as well as changes in those laws and requirements;     

transportation delays or interruptions and other effects of less developed infrastructures;     

effects from the voter-approved exit of the United Kingdom from the European Union (often referred to as Brexit), including any resulting deterioration in economic conditions, volatility in currency exchange rates, or adverse regulatory changes;     

limitations on imports and exports;     

foreign exchange rate fluctuations;     

imposition of restrictions on currency conversion or the transfer of funds;     

tariffs and duties and other trade barrier restrictions;     

maintenance of quality standards;     

unexpected changes in regulatory requirements;     

differing labor regulations;     

potentially adverse tax consequences;     

possible employee turnover or labor unrest;     

the burdens and costs of compliance with a variety of foreign laws; and     

political or economic instability.     

Increased cybersecurity requirements, vulnerabilities, threats and more sophisticated and targeted computer crime could pose a risk to our systems, networks, and data. 
 Our business is dependent upon the efficient operation of our information systems. The systems facilitate the interchange of information and enhances cross-selling opportunities throughout our company.  The systems integrate each level of operations on a company-wide basis, including but not limited to purchasing, inventory, receivables, payables, financial reporting, budgeting, marketing, sales management, as well as to prepare our consolidated financial and operating data. The failure of our information systems to perform as designed or the failure to maintain and enhance or protect the integrity of these systems could disrupt our business operations, impact sales and the results of operations, expose us to customer or third-party claims, or result in adverse publicity.   
 Increased global cybersecurity vulnerabilities, threats and more sophisticated and targeted cyber-related attacks pose a risk to the security of our and our customers , suppliers  and third-party service providers  products, systems and networks and the confidentiality, availability and integrity of our data. Unauthorized parties may also attempt to gain access to our systems or facilities,  
 33 
 
  or those of third parties with whom we do business, through fraud, trickery, or other forms of deceiv  ing our team members, contractors, vendors, and temporary staff. While we attempt to mitigate these risks by employing a number of measures, including employee training, systems, monitoring and testing, and maintenance of protective systems and contingency   plans, we remain potentially vulnerable to additional known or unknown threats. We may also have access to sensitive, confidential or personal data or information that is subject to privacy, security laws, and regulations. Despite our efforts to protect s  ensitive, confidential or personal data or information, we may be vulnerable to security breaches, theft, misplaced or lost data, programming errors, employee errors and/or malfeasance that could potentially lead to the compromising of sensitive, confident  ial or personal data or information, improper use of our systems, unauthorized access, use, disclosure, modification or destruction of information, and operational disruptions. It is possible that we might not be aware of a successful cyber-related attack   on our systems until well after the incident. In addition, a cyber-related attack could result in other negative consequences, including damage to our reputation or competitiveness, remediation or increased protection costs, litigation or regulatory action  .  

Item 1B.   
 
      Unresolved Staff Comments     

 Not applicable. 

Item 2.   
 
      Properties     

 We lease our corporate offices in Clearwater, Florida.  We also lease 33 of our retail locations under leases, many of which contain multi-year renewal options and some of which grant us a first right of refusal to purchase the property at fair value.  In most cases, we pay a fixed rent at negotiated rates.  In substantially all of the leased locations, we are responsible for taxes, utilities, insurance, and routine repairs and maintenance.  We own the property associated with 29 other retail locations we operate.  Additionally, we own five retail locations that are currently closed as noted below. A store is considered one or more retail locations that are adjacent or operate as one entity. 
 34 
 
  The following table reflects the status, approximate size, and facilities of the various retail locations we operate as of the date of this report.  

35 

(1)   
 
 Square footage is approximate and does not include outside sales space or dock or marina facilities.    

 36 

(2)   
 
    Operated since date is the date the   facility was opened by us or opened prior to its acquisition by us.     

(3)   
 
 Initially a joint venture; full ownership acquired in February 2016.    

(4)   
 
 Owned location that is currently closed.    

Item 3.   
 
      Legal Proceedings     

 We are party to various legal actions arising in the ordinary course of business.  While it is not feasible to determine the actual outcome of these actions as of September 30, 2016, we do not believe that these matters will have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows. 

Item 4.   
 
      Mine Safety Disclosures     

 Not applicable. 

PART II 

Item 5.   
 
      Market for the Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities     

 Market Information, Holders 
 Our common stock is listed on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol HZO.  The following table sets forth high and low sale prices of the common stock for each calendar quarter indicated as reported on the New York Stock Exchange. 

On December 1, 2016, the closing sale price of our common stock was $19.20 per share.  On December 1, 2016, there were approximately 100 record holders and approximately 5,500 beneficial owners of our common stock. 
 Dividends 
 We have never declared or paid cash dividends on our common stock.  We currently plan to retain any earnings to finance the growth of our business rather than to pay cash dividends.  Payments of any cash dividends in the future will depend on our financial condition, results of operations, statutory restrictions, loan covenants and capital requirements as well as other factors deemed relevant by our board of directors (such as market expectations). 
 37 
 
  Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer  
 The following table presents information with respect to our repurchases of our common stock during the three months ended September 30, 2016. 

(1)   
 
 Certain purchases were made pursuant to the share repurchase program announced by the Company on February 22, 2016. Under the terms of the program, the Company is authorized to purchase up to 1.25 million shares of its common stock until February 28, 2018.    

(2)   
 
  13,444 shares reported in September 2016 are attributable to shares tendered by employees for the payment of applicable withholding taxes in connection with the vesting of restricted stock or restricted stock unit awards.      

38 
 
  Performance Graph  
 The following line graph compares cumulative total stockholder returns for the five years ended September 30, 2016 for (i) our common stock, (ii) the Russell 2000 Index, and (iii) the Nasdaq Retail Trade Index.  The graph assumes an investment of $100 on September 30, 2011.  The calculations of cumulative stockholder return on the Russell 2000 Index and the Nasdaq Retail Trade Index include reinvestment of dividends.  The calculation of cumulative stockholder return on our common stock does not include reinvestment of dividends because we did not pay any dividends during the measurement period.  The historical performance shown is not necessarily indicative of future performance. 

The performance graph above shall not be deemed  filed  for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or Exchange Act, or otherwise subject to the liability of that section.  The performance graph above will not be deemed incorporated by reference into any filing of our company under the Exchange Act or the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 

39 

Item 6.   
 
          Selected   Financial Data     

 The following table contains certain financial and operating data and is qualified by the more detailed consolidated financial statements and notes thereto included elsewhere in this report. The balance sheet and statement of operations data were derived from the consolidated financial statements and notes thereto that have been audited by Ernst   Young LLP and KPMG LLP, respectively, for the applicable years when each served as our independent registered certified public accounting firm. The financial data shown below should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and the related notes thereto and "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" included elsewhere in this report. 

(1)   
 
 Includes only those retail locations open at period end.    

(2)   
 
 Includes only those stores open for the entire preceding 12-month period.    

(3)   
 
 New and acquired stores are included in the comparable base at the end of the store's thirteenth month of operations.    

(4)   
 
 A store is one or more retail locations that are adjacent or operate as one entity. Sales per store and same-store sales growth is intended only as supplemental information and is not a substitute for revenue or net income presented in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles.    

40 

Item 7.   
 
        Management's Discussion and Analysis of   Financial Condition and Results of Operations     

 The following should be read in conjunction with Part I, including the matters set forth in the  Risk Factors  section of this report, and our Consolidated Financial Statements and notes thereto included elsewhere in this report. 
 Overview 
 We are the largest recreational boat and yacht retailer in the United States with fiscal 2016 revenue in excess of $940 million. Through our current 56 retail locations in 16 states, we sell new and used recreational boats and related marine products, including engines, trailers, parts, and accessories. We also arrange related boat financing, insurance, and extended service contracts; provide boat repair and maintenance services; offer yacht and boat brokerage sales; and, where available, offer slip and storage accommodations, as well as the charter of power and sailing yachts in the British Virgin Islands.  
 MarineMax was incorporated in January 1998 (and reincorporated in Florida in March 2015). We commenced operations with the acquisition of five independent recreational boat dealers on March 1, 1998. Since the initial acquisitions in March 1998, we have, as of the filing of this Annual Report on 10-K, acquired 26 recreational boat dealers, two boat brokerage operations, and two full-service yacht repair facilities. As a part of our acquisition strategy, we frequently engage in discussions with various recreational boat dealers regarding their potential acquisition by us. Potential acquisition discussions frequently take place over a long period of time and involve difficult business integration and other issues, including, in some cases, management succession and related matters. As a result of these and other factors, a number of potential acquisitions that from time to time appear likely to occur do not result in binding legal agreements and are not consummated. We completed a relatively small acquisition in the fiscal year ended September 30, 2014, none in the fiscal year ended September 30, 2015, and three acquisitions in the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016.  
 General economic conditions and consumer spending patterns can negatively impact our operating results. Unfavorable local, regional, national, or global economic developments or uncertainties regarding future economic prospects could reduce consumer spending in the markets we serve and adversely affect our business. Economic conditions in areas in which we operate dealerships, particularly Florida in which we generated approximately 52%, 53%, and 55% of our revenue during fiscal 2014, 2015, and 2016, respectively, can have a major impact on our operations. Local influences, such as corporate downsizing, military base closings, and inclement weather such as hurricanes and other storms, environmental conditions, and specific events, such as the BP oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico in 2010, also could adversely affect, and in certain instances have adversely affected, our operations in certain markets. 
 In an economic downturn, consumer discretionary spending levels generally decline, at times resulting in disproportionately large reductions in the sale of luxury goods. Consumer spending on luxury goods also may decline as a result of lower consumer confidence levels, even if prevailing economic conditions are favorable. As a result, an economic downturn could impact us more than certain of our competitors due to our strategic focus on a higher end of our market. Although we have expanded our operations during periods of stagnant or modestly declining industry trends, the cyclical nature of the recreational boating industry or the lack of industry growth may adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Any period of adverse economic conditions or low consumer confidence is likely to have a negative effect on our business. 
 Lower consumer spending resulting from a downturn in the housing market and other economic factors adversely affected our business in fiscal 2007, and continued weakness in consumer spending and depressed economic conditions had a substantial negative effect on our business and industry for several years after fiscal 2007. These conditions caused us to substantially reduce our acquisition program, delay new store openings, reduce our inventory purchases, engage in inventory reduction efforts, close a number of our retail locations, reduce our headcount, and amend and replace our credit facility. Acquisitions and new store openings remain important strategies to our company, and we plan to accelerate our growth through these strategies as economic conditions continue to improve. However, we cannot predict the length of unfavorable economic or industry conditions or the extent to which they will continue to adversely affect our operating results nor can we predict the effectiveness of the measures we have taken to address this environment. 
 Although economic conditions have adversely affected our operating results, we believe we have capitalized on our core strengths to substantially outperform the industry, resulting in market share gains. Our ability to capture such market share supports the alignment of our retailing strategies with the desires of consumers. We believe the steps we have taken to address weak market conditions have yielded, and will yield in the future, an increase in revenue. If general economic trends continue to improve, we expect our core strengths and retailing strategies will position us to capitalize on growth opportunities as they occur and will allow us to emerge from this challenging economic environment with greater earnings potential. 
 41 
 
  Application of Critical Accounting Policies  
 We have identified the policies below as critical to our business operations and the understanding of our results of operations. The impact and risks related to these policies on our business operations is discussed throughout Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations when such policies affect our reported and expected financial results. 
 In the ordinary course of business, we make a number of estimates and assumptions relating to the reporting of results of operations and financial condition in the preparation of our financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. We base our estimates on historical experiences and on various other assumptions that we believe are reasonable under the circumstances. The results form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results could differ significantly from those estimates under different assumptions and conditions. We believe that the following discussion addresses our most critical accounting policies, which are those that are most important to the portrayal of our financial condition and results of operations and require our most difficult, subjective, and complex judgments, often as a result of the need to make estimates about the effect of matters that are inherently uncertain. 
 Revenue Recognition 
 We recognize revenue from boat, motor, and trailer sales and parts and service operations at the time the boat, motor, trailer, or part is delivered to or accepted by the customer or the service is completed. We recognize deferred revenue from service operations and slip and storage services on a straight-line basis over the term of the contract or when service is completed. We recognize commissions earned from a brokerage sale at the time the related brokerage transaction closes. We recognize commissions earned by us for placing notes with financial institutions in connection with customer boat financing when we recognize the related boat sales. We recognize marketing fees earned on credit, life, accident, disability, gap, and hull insurance products sold by third-party insurance companies at the later of customer acceptance of the insurance product as evidenced by contract execution or when the related boat sale is recognized. We recognize income from the rentals of chartering power and sailing yachts on a straight-line basis over the term of the contract or when service is completed. We also recognize commissions earned on extended warranty service contracts sold on behalf of third-party insurance companies at the later of customer acceptance of the service contract terms as evidenced by contract execution or recognition of the related boat sale. 
 Certain finance and extended warranty commissions and marketing fees on insurance products may be charged back if a customer terminates or defaults on the underlying contract within a specified period of time. Based upon our experience of terminations and defaults, we maintain a chargeback allowance that was not material to our financial statements taken as a whole as of September 30, 2016. Should results differ materially from our historical experiences, we would need to modify our estimate of future chargebacks, which could have a material adverse effect on our operating margins. We do not believe there is a reasonable likelihood that there will be a change in the future estimates or assumptions we use to calculate our estimate of future chargebacks which would result in a material effect on our operating results. 
 Vendor Consideration Received 
 We account for consideration received from our vendors in accordance with FASB Accounting Standards Codification 605-50,  Revenue Recognition - Customer Payments and Incentives  ( ASC 605-50 ). ASC 605-50 requires us to classify interest assistance received from manufacturers as a reduction of inventory cost and related cost of sales as opposed to netting the assistance against our interest expense incurred with our lenders. Pursuant to ASC 605-50, amounts received by us under our co-op assistance programs from our manufacturers are netted against related advertising expenses. Our consideration received from our vendors contains uncertainties because the calculation requires management to make assumptions and to apply judgment regarding a number of factors, including our ability to collect amounts due from vendors and the ability to meet certain criteria stipulated by our vendors. We do not believe there is a reasonable likelihood that there will be a change in the future estimates or assumptions we use to calculate our vendor considerations which would result in a material effect on our operating results. 
 42 
 
  Inventories  
 Inventory costs consist of the amount paid to acquire inventory, net of vendor consideration and purchase discounts, the cost of equipment added, reconditioning costs, and transportation costs relating to acquiring inventory for sale. We state new and used boat, motor, and trailer inventories at the lower of cost, determined on a specific-identification basis, or market. We state parts and accessories at the lower of cost, determined on an average cost basis, or market. We utilize our historical experience, the aging of the inventories, and our consideration of current market trends as the basis for determining a lower of cost or market valuation allowance. Our lower of cost or market valuation allowance contains uncertainties because the calculation requires management to make assumptions and to apply judgment regarding the amount at which the inventory will ultimately be sold which considers forecasted market trends, model changes, and new product introductions. We do not believe there is a reasonable likelihood that there will be a change in the future estimates or assumptions we use to calculate our lower of cost or market valuation allowance which would result in a material effect on our operating results. As of September 30, 2015 and September 30, 2016, our lower of cost or market valuation allowance for new and used boat, motor, and trailer inventories was $1.8 million and $1.0 million, respectively.  If events occur and market conditions change, causing the fair value to fall below carrying value, the lower of cost or market valuation allowance could increase. 
 Goodwill 
 We account for goodwill in accordance with FASB Accounting Standards Codification 350,  Intangibles - Goodwill and Other  ( ASC 350 ), which provides that the excess of cost over net assets of businesses acquired is recorded as goodwill. On April 15, 2016 we purchased Russo Marine, a privately owned boat dealer in the Northeast United States with locations in Massachusetts and Rhode Island, resulting in the recording of $8.8 million in goodwill. In total, current and previous acquisitions have resulted in the recording of $9.9 million in goodwill. In accordance with ASC 350, we review goodwill for impairment at least annually and whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value may not be recoverable.  Our annual impairment test is performed during the fourth fiscal quarter. If the carrying amount of goodwill exceeds its fair value we would recognize an impairment loss in accordance with ASC 350. As of September 30, 2016, and based upon our most recent analysis, we determined through our qualitative assessment that it is not  more likely than not  that the fair values of our reporting units are less than their carrying values. As a result, we were not required to perform the two-step goodwill impairment test. The qualitative assessment requires us to make judgments and assumptions regarding macroeconomic and industry conditions, our financial performance, and other factors. We do not believe there is a reasonable likelihood that there will be a change in the judgments and assumptions used in our qualitative assessment which would result in a material effect on our operating results. 
 Impairment of Long-Lived Assets 
 FASB Accounting Standards Codification 360-10-40,  Property, Plant, and Equipment - Impairment or Disposal of Long-Lived Assets  ( ASC 360-10-40 ), requires that long-lived assets, such as property and equipment and purchased intangibles subject to amortization, be reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. Recoverability of the asset is measured by comparison of its carrying amount to undiscounted future net cash flows the asset is expected to generate. If such assets are considered to be impaired, the impairment to be recognized is measured as the amount by which the carrying amount of the asset exceeds its fair market value. Estimates of expected future cash flows represent our best estimate based on currently available information and reasonable and supportable assumptions. Our impairment loss calculations contain uncertainties because they require us to make assumptions and to apply judgment in order to estimate expected future cash flows. Any impairment recognized in accordance with ASC 360-10-40 is permanent and may not be restored. The analysis is performed at a regional level for indicators of permanent impairment given the geographical interdependencies amongst our locations. Based upon our most recent analysis, which excludes fixed assets classified as held for sale which are recorded at fair value, we believe no impairment of long-lived assets existed as of September 30, 2016. We do not believe there is a reasonable likelihood that there will be a change in the future estimates or assumptions used to test for recoverability which would result in a material effect on our operating results. 
 43 
 
  Stock-Based Compensation  
 We account for our stock-based compensation plans following the provisions of FASB Accounting Standards Codification 718,  Compensation   Stock Compensation  ( ASC 718 ). In accordance with ASC 718, we use the Black-Scholes valuation model for valuing all stock-based compensation and shares purchased under our Employee Stock Purchase Plan. We measure compensation for restricted stock awards and restricted stock units at fair value on the grant date based on the number of shares expected to vest and the quoted market price of our common stock. We recognize compensation cost for all awards in operations, net of estimated forfeitures, on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period for each separately vesting portion of the award. Our valuation models and generally accepted valuation techniques require us to make assumptions and to apply judgment to determine the fair value of our awards. These assumptions and judgments include estimating the volatility of our stock price, expected dividend yield, employee turnover rates and employee stock option exercise behaviors.  We do not believe there is a reasonable likelihood that there will be a change in the future estimates or assumptions we use to calculate our stock-based compensation which would result in a material effect on our operating results. 
 Income Taxes 
 We account for income taxes in accordance with FASB Accounting Standards Codification 740,  Income Taxes  ( ASC 740 ). Under ASC 740, we recognize deferred tax assets and liabilities for the future tax consequences attributable to temporary differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases. We measure deferred tax assets and liabilities using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which we expect those temporary differences to be recovered or settled.  We record valuation allowances to reduce our deferred tax assets to the amount expected to be realized by considering all available positive and negative evidence.  
 Pursuant to ASC 740, we must consider all positive and negative evidence regarding the realization of deferred tax assets.  ASC 740 provides for four possible sources of taxable income to realize deferred tax assets: 1) taxable income in prior carryback years, 2) reversals of existing deferred tax liabilities, 3) tax planning strategies and 4) projected future taxable income.  As of September 30, 2016, we have no available taxable income in prior carryback years, limited reversals of existing deferred tax liabilities or prudent and feasible tax planning strategies.  Therefore, the recoverability of our deferred tax assets is dependent upon generating future taxable income. 
 Since the fourth quarter of fiscal 2008, the Company had maintained a full valuation allowance against its deferred tax assets, having determined it was more likely than not that the deferred tax assets would not be realized. The determination of releasing valuation allowances against deferred tax assets is made, in part, pursuant to our assessment as to whether it is more likely than not that we will generate sufficient future taxable income against which benefits of the deferred tax assets may or may not be realized. Significant judgment is required in making estimates regarding our ability to generate income in future periods. 
 In the fourth quarter of fiscal 2015, we reached the conclusion that it was appropriate to release our valuation allowance against the majority of our deferred tax assets due to the sustained positive operating performance of our operations throughout the entire fiscal year and the projection of future taxable income. Additionally, we maintained a cumulative three year income position throughout fiscal year 2015, reached six consecutive quarters of positive pre-tax operating earnings, and experienced a continued recovery in industry and general economic conditions, all of which were positive factors that overcame prior negative evidence.  We also considered forecasts of future operating results and utilization of net operating losses and tax credits prior to their expiration. As a result, we recorded a $27.5 million net reversal of substantially all of our deferred tax asset valuation allowance in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2015 after determining it was more likely than not that certain deferred tax assets would be realized. A portion of our valuation allowance was retained against our state net operating losses deferred tax asset, due to differences between State and Federal tax laws. 
 In the fourth quarter of fiscal 2016, we reached the conclusion that it was appropriate to release the majority of our valuation allowance against our state net operating loss deferred tax assets due to our operating performance in fiscal 2016 being greater than projected at fiscal 2015 year end. We considered forecasts of future operating results and the utilization of net operating losses within the statutory mandated carryforward periods and determined it was more likely than not that the majority of our state net operating loss deferred tax assets would be realized.  As a result of the release of a portion of our deferred tax asset valuation allowance, we recorded approximately $1.1 million reduction in our income tax provision.  A portion of the valuation allowance was retained based on particular jurisdictions.  Specifically, states with a shorter statutory carryforward periods and states where our economic presence, as defined by the jurisdiction s tax laws, has been reduced. 
 The application of income tax law is inherently complex.  Laws and regulations in this area are voluminous and are often ambiguous. Under ASC 740, the impact of uncertain tax positions taken or expected to be taken on an income tax return must be recognized in the financial statements at the largest amount that is more likely than not to be sustained upon audit by the relevant taxing authority. An uncertain income tax position will not be recognized in the financial statements unless it is more likely than not of  
 44 
 
  being sustained. As such, we are required to make subjective assumptions and judgments regarding our effective tax rate and our income tax exposure. Our effective income tax rate is affected by changes in tax law in the jurisdictions in which we cur  rently operate, tax jurisdictions of new retail locations, our earnings, and the results of tax audits. We believe that the judgments and estimates discussed herein are reasonable.  
 Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
 In May 2014, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2014-09,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606)  (ASU 2014-9), a converged standard on revenue recognition. The new pronouncement requires revenue recognition to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. The guidance also specifies the accounting for some costs to obtain or fulfill a contract with a customer, as well as enhanced disclosure requirements. ASU 2014-9 is effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2017, including interim reporting periods within that reporting period. Early adoption is permitted for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2016. While we are continuing to evaluate the impact the adoption of ASU 2014-09 will have on our consolidated financial statements, we currently do not believe the adoption of this standard will have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements, or will cause a significant change to our current accounting policies or internal controls over financial reporting for revenue recognition on boat, motor, and trailer sales, parts and service operations, brokerage commissions, slip and storage services, charter rentals, and fee income generated from F I products. 
 In July 2015, the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-11,  Inventory (Topic 330).  The pronouncement was issued to simplify the measurement of inventory and changes the measurement from lower of cost or market to lower of cost and net realizable value. This pronouncement is effective for reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2016. The adoption of ASU 2015-11 is not expected to have a significant impact on the Company s consolidated financial position or results of operations. 
 In November 2015, FASB issued ASU 2015-17, Balance Sheet Classification of Deferred Taxes, which eliminates the current requirement to present deferred tax liabilities and assets as current and noncurrent in a classified balance sheet. Instead, entities will be required to classify all deferred tax assets and liabilities as noncurrent. This ASU is effective for annual periods beginning after fiscal December 15, 2017 and early adoption is permitted as of the beginning of an interim or annual reporting period. We retrospectively adopted ASU 2015-17 as of June 30, 2016, and as a result have reported deferred tax assets and liabilities as noncurrent on the balance sheet for all periods presented.  This early adoption resulted in approximately $9.3 million in deferred tax assets previously reported as current assets in the consolidated balance sheet as of September 30, 2015 being recorded as noncurrent assets as of September 30, 2015. Because the application of this guidance affects classification only, such reclassifications did not have a material effect on the Company s consolidated financial position or results of operations. 
 In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-02, Leases (Topic 842) (ASU 2016-02). This update requires organizations to recognize lease assets and lease liabilities on the balance sheet and also disclose key information about leasing arrangements. This ASU is effective for annual reporting periods beginning on or after December 15, 2018, and interim periods within those annual periods. Earlier application is permitted for all entities as of the beginning of an interim or annual period. While we are continuing to evaluate the impact of the adoption of ASU 2016-02 on our consolidated financial statements, we believe the adoption of ASU 2016-02 may have a significant and material impact to our consolidated balance sheet given our current lease agreements for our leased retail locations. We are currently evaluating the impact the adoption of this ASU will have on our other consolidated financial statements. Based on a preliminary assessment, we expect that most of our operating lease commitments will be subject to the new guidance and recognized as operating lease liabilities and right-of-use assets upon adoption, resulting in a material increase in the assets and liabilities recorded on our consolidated balance sheet. We are continuing our assessment, which may identify additional impacts this standard will have on our consolidated financial statements and related disclosures and internal controls over financial reporting. 
 In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-09,  Compensation   Stock Compensation (Topic 718), (ASU 2016-09).  This update was issued as part of the FASB s simplification initiative and affects all entities that issue share-based payment awards to their employees. The amendments in this update cover such areas as the recognition of excess tax benefits and deficiencies, the classification of those excess tax benefits on the statement of cash flows, an accounting policy election for forfeitures, the amount an employer can withhold to cover income taxes and still qualify for equity classification and the classification of those taxes paid on the statement of cash flows. This update is effective for annual and interim periods beginning after December 15, 2016.  We elected to early adopt the new guidance in the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2016 which requires us to reflect any adjustments as of October 1, 2015, the beginning of the annual period that includes the interim period of adoption. The primary effect of adoption was the recognition of excess tax benefits in our provision for income taxes rather than paid-in capital for all periods in fiscal year 2016. This early adoption resulted in an approximately $5.2 million increase in deferred tax assets and retained earnings as of October 1, 2015, the beginning of fiscal year 2016. The recognition of excess tax benefits in our provision for income taxes rather than paid-in capital resulted in an income tax benefit of $633,000 for the three months ended September 30, 2016.  Additionally, the adoption in the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2016 of ASU 2016-09 resulted in additional income tax expense of $201,000 for the three months ended   
 45 
 
  December 31, 2015, a  n income tax benefit of $67,000 for the three months ended March 31, 2016, and an additional income tax expense of $242,000 for the three months ended June 30, 2016, from the previously reported income tax provisions in the condensed consolidated statement  s of operations for the first, second, and third quarter, respectively, during fiscal year 2016. Lastly, the adoption of ASU 2016-09 resulted in $541,000 for payments for tax withholdings for equity awards previously recorded in operating activities on the   consolidated statements of cash flows for fiscal year 2015 now being recorded in financing activities for fiscal year 2015.   
 Results of Operations 
 The following table sets forth certain financial data as a percentage of revenue for the periods indicated: 

Fiscal Year Ended September 30, 2016 Compared with Fiscal Year Ended September 30, 2015 
 Revenue .  Revenue increased $190.7 million, or 25.4%, to $942.1 million for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2016 from $751.4 million for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2015. Of this increase, $163.7 million was attributable to a 22% increase in comparable-store sales and an approximate $27.0 million net increase related to stores opened and closed that were not eligible for inclusion in the comparable-store base.  The increase in our comparable-store sales was due to incremental increases in new and used boat sales and incremental increases in brokerage sales, storage services, finance and insurance products, service revenue, and charter rentals. Improving industry conditions resulting from improved economic conditions contributed to our comparable-store sales growth.  
 Gross Profit . Gross profit increased $41.3 million, or 22.3%, to $226.0 million for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2016 from $184.8 million for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2015. Gross profit as a percentage of revenue decreased to 24.0% for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2016 from 24.6% for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2015. The strong growth in gross profit dollars was driven by increased boat sales. The increase in boat sales relative to our overall revenue caused our higher margin brokerage, finance and insurance products, service, parts and accessories products, and storage services to decrease as a percentage of revenue, contributing to our overall margins decreasing. We further saw an increase in larger boat sales which also generally carry lower gross margins.  The increase in gross profit dollars was also primarily attributable to the increase in comparable-store sales.  
 Selling, General, and Administrative Expenses.  Selling, general, and administrative expenses increased $26.3 million, or 16.5%, to $185.8 million for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2016 from $159.4 million for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2015. However, selling, general, and administrative expenses for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2015 were reduced by a $1.6 million gain on the sale of real estate.  Selling, general, and administrative expenses as a percentage of revenue decreased to 19.7% for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2016 from 21.2% for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2015. The overall increase in selling, general, and administrative expenses was primarily attributable to increased personnel expenses as well as increased commissions resulting from increased boat sales. The decrease in selling, general, and administrative expenses as a percentage of revenue was primarily driven by improved expense leverage with increasing revenue.   
 Interest Expense . Interest expense increased $1.0 million, or 22.6%, to $5.5 million for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2016 from $4.5 million for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2015. Interest expense as a percentage of revenue remained consistent at 0.6% for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2015 and 2016. The increase in interest expense was primarily the result of increased borrowings.  
 Income Taxes .  We had income tax expense of $12.2 million for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2016 compared with an income tax benefit of $27.4 million for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2015. Our effective income tax rate was 35.1% for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2016, which included a deferred tax asset valuation allowance reversal of $1.1 million. The income   
 46 
 
  tax benefit in fiscal 2015 is the result of the reversal of substantially all of our deferred tax asset valuation allowance after determining it   was more likely than not that certain deferred tax assets would be realized.   
 Fiscal Year Ended September 30, 2015 Compared with Fiscal Year Ended September 30, 2014 
 Revenue .  Revenue increased $126.7 million, or 20.3%, to $751.4 million for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2015 from $624.7 million for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2014. Of this increase, $133.4 million was attributable to a 22% increase in comparable-store sales, which was partially offset by an approximate $6.7 million net decrease related to stores opened and closed that were not eligible for inclusion in the comparable-store base.  The increase in our comparable-store sales was due to incremental increases in new and used boat sales and incremental increases in brokerage sales, storage services, finance and insurance products, service revenue, and charter rentals. Improving industry conditions resulting from improved economic conditions contributed to our comparable-store sales growth.  
 Gross Profit . Gross profit increased $22.9 million, or 14.2%, to $184.8 million for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2015 from $161.8 million for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2014. Gross profit as a percentage of revenue decreased to 24.6% for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2015 from 25.9% for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2014. The decrease in gross profit as a percentage of revenue was primarily the result of an increase in used boat sales which carry a lower margin than new boat sales. We further saw an increase in larger boat sales which also generally carry lower gross margins.  Lastly, the strong growth in revenue was driven by boat sales. The increase in boat sales relative to our overall revenue caused our higher margin brokerage, finance and insurance products, service, parts and accessories products, and storage services to decrease as a percentage of revenue, contributing to our overall margins decreasing accordingly. The increase in gross profit dollars was primarily attributable to the increase in comparable-store sales.  
 Selling, General, and Administrative Expenses.  Selling, general, and administrative expenses increased $13.0 million, or 8.9%, to $159.4 for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2015 from $146.4 million for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2014. The fiscal years ended September 30, 2014 and 2015 included gains of approximately $1.0 million and $1.6 million, net of store closing costs, respectively, for gains realized on sales of real estate.  Additionally, the fiscal year ended September 30, 2014 included a recovery recognized of approximately $555,000, net of taxes and other expenses, from the Deepwater Horizon Settlement Program for damages suffered as a result of the Deepwater Horizon oil spill. Excluding these items and making both years comparable, selling, general, and administrative expenses increased $13.1 million, or 8.8%, to $161.1 million and as a percentage of revenue decreased to 21.4% for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2015 from 23.7% for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2014. The overall increase in selling, general, and administrative expenses was primarily attributable to increased personnel expenses partially resulting from increased health care costs as well as increased commissions resulting from increased boat sales. The decrease in selling, general, and administrative expenses as a percentage of revenue was driven by improved expense leverage with increasing revenue.   
 Interest Expense . Interest expense increased $430,000, or 10.7%, to $4.5 million for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2015 from $4.0 million for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2014. Interest expense as a percentage of revenue remained consistent at 0.6% for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2015 and 2014. The increase in interest expense was primarily the result of increased borrowings.  
 Income Taxes .  We had an income tax benefit of $27.4 million for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2015 compared with an income tax expense of $91,000 for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2014. The income tax benefit in fiscal 2015 is the result of the reversal of substantially all of our deferred tax asset valuation allowance after determining it was more likely than not that certain deferred tax assets would be realized. In fiscal 2014, the income tax expense is primarily related to Federal alternative minimum tax and state tax expenses. In fiscal 2016 our tax provision will be reflected as a reduction of future earnings as a result of the reversal of substantially all of our deferred tax asset valuation allowance.   
 Quarterly Data and Seasonality 
 Our business, as well as the entire recreational boating industry, is highly seasonal, with seasonality varying in different geographic markets. With the exception of Florida, we generally realize significantly lower sales and higher levels of inventories, and related short-term borrowings, in the quarterly periods ending December 31 and March 31. The onset of the public boat and recreation shows in January stimulates boat sales and typically allows us to reduce our inventory levels and related short-term borrowings throughout the remainder of the fiscal year. Our business could become substantially more seasonal if we acquire dealers that operate in colder regions of the United States or close retail locations in warm climates. 
 Our business is also subject to weather patterns, which may adversely affect our results of operations. For example, prolonged winter conditions, drought conditions (or merely reduced rainfall levels) or excessive rain, may limit access to area boating locations or render boating dangerous or inconvenient, thereby curtailing customer demand for our products and services. In addition, unseasonably cool weather and prolonged winter conditions may lead to a shorter selling season in certain locations. Hurricanes and  
 47 
 
  other storms could result in disruptions of our operations or damage to our boat inventories and facilities, as has been the case when Florida and other markets were affected by hurricanes. Although we believe our geographic diversity is likely to   reduce the overall impact to us of adverse weather conditions in any one market area, these conditions will continue to represent potential, material adverse risks to us and our future financial performance.  
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 Our cash needs are primarily for working capital to support operations, including new and used boat and related parts inventories, off-season liquidity, and growth through acquisitions and new store openings. Acquisitions and new store openings remain important strategies to our company, and we plan to accelerate our growth through these strategies as more robust economic conditions return. However, we cannot predict the length of unfavorable economic or financial conditions. We regularly monitor the aging of our inventories and current market trends to evaluate our current and future inventory needs. We also use this evaluation in conjunction with our review of our current and expected operating performance and expected business levels to determine the adequacy of our financing needs. 
 These cash needs have historically been financed with cash generated from operations and borrowings under the Amended Credit Facility. Our ability to utilize the Amended Credit Facility to fund operations depends upon the collateral levels and compliance with the covenants of the Amended Credit Facility. Turmoil in the credit markets and weakness in the retail markets may interfere with our ability to remain in compliance with the covenants of the Amended Credit Facility and therefore our ability to utilize the Amended Credit Facility to fund operations. As of September 30, 2016, we were in compliance with all covenants under the Amended Credit Facility. We currently depend upon dividends and other payments from our dealerships and the Amended Credit Facility to fund our current operations and meet our cash needs. As 100% owner of each of our dealerships, we determine the amounts of such distributions subject to applicable law, and currently, no agreements exist that restrict this flow of funds from our dealerships. 
 For the fiscal years ended September 30, 2016, 2015, and 2014, cash provided by operating activities approximated $22.9 million, $3.1 million, and $10.8 million, respectively. For the fiscal year ended September 30, 2016, cash provided by operating activities was primarily related to net income adjusted for non-cash expenses such as depreciation and amortization expense, income tax expense, stock based compensation expense, increases in customer deposits and accrued expenses, partially offset by an increase in inventory driven by the expansion of current and new brands, decreases in accounts payable, and increases in accounts receivable. For the fiscal year ended September 30, 2015, cash provided by operating activities was primarily related to net income and an increase in accounts payable partially offset by an increase in inventory driven by the expansion of current and new brands and increases in accounts receivable. For the fiscal year ended September 30, 2014, cash provided by operating activities was primarily related to net income and a decrease in accounts receivable partially offset by an increase in inventory driven by the expansion of current and new brands and decreases in accrued expenses.   
 For the fiscal years ended September 30, 2016, 2015, and 2014, cash used in investing activities was approximately $29.7 million, $3.8 million, and $12.8 million, respectively. For the fiscal year ended September 30, 2016, cash used in investing activities was primarily used to purchase property and equipment associated with business acquisitions and property and equipment associated with improving existing retail facilities. For the fiscal year ended September 30, 2015, cash used in investing activities was primarily used to purchase property and equipment associated with improving existing retail facilities and was partially offset by the proceeds from the sale of real estate.  For the fiscal year ended September 30, 2014, cash used in investing activities was primarily used to improve existing retail facilities and purchase a note receivable in conjunction with the planned acquisition of a retail facility, partially offset by proceeds received from the sale of our Walker, Minnesota retail facility and insurance proceeds received as a result of Hurricane Sandy.  
 For the fiscal years ended September 30, 2016, 2015 and 2014, cash provided by financing activities was approximately $12.9 million, $5.5 million, and $6.1 million, respectively. For the fiscal year ended September 30, 2016, cash provided by financing activities was primarily attributable to net short-term borrowings as a result of increased inventory levels and proceeds from the issuance of common stock from our stock based compensation plans, partially offset by the repurchase of common stock under the share repurchase program. For the fiscal year ended September 30, 2015, cash provided by financing activities was primarily attributable to net short-term borrowings as a result of increased inventory levels and proceeds from the issuance of common stock from our stock based compensation plans, partially offset by the repurchase of common stock under the share repurchase program. For the fiscal year ended September 30, 2014, cash provided by financing activities was primarily attributable to net short-term borrowings as a result of increased inventory levels and proceeds from the issuance of common stock from our stock based compensation plans.   
 In June 2016, we entered into an amendment to our Inventory Financing Agreement (the  Amended Credit Facility ), originally entered into in June 2010, as subsequently amended, and led by Wells Fargo Commercial Distribution Finance LLC (formerly GE Commercial Distribution Finance Corporation). The June 2016 amendment extended the maturity date of the Credit Facility to October 2019, and the Amended Credit Facility includes two additional one-year extension periods, with lender approval. The June  
 48 
 
  2016 amendment, among other things, modified the amount of borrowing availability and maturity date of the Credit Facility. The   Amended Credit Facility provides a floor plan financing commitment of up to $300 million, an increase from the previous limit of $260 million, subject to borrowing base availability resulting from the amount and aging of our inventory.  
 The Amended Credit Facility has certain financial covenants as specified in the agreement. The covenants include provisions that our leverage ratio must not exceed 2.75 to 1.0 and that our current ratio must be greater than 1.2 to 1.0. The interest rate for amounts outstanding under the Amended Credit Facility is 345 basis points above the one-month London Inter-Bank Offering Rate ( LIBOR ). There is an unused line fee of ten basis points on the unused portion of the Amended Credit Facility. 
 Advances under the Amended Credit Facility are initiated by the acquisition of eligible new and used inventory or are re-advances against eligible new and used inventory that have been partially paid-off. Advances on new inventory will generally mature 1,080 days from the original invoice date. Advances on used inventory will mature 361 days from the date we acquire the used inventory. Each advance is subject to a curtailment schedule, which requires that we pay down the balance of each advance on a periodic basis starting after six months. The curtailment schedule varies based on the type and value of the inventory. The collateral for the Amended Credit Facility is all of our personal property with certain limited exceptions. None of our real estate has been pledged for collateral for the Amended Credit Facility. 
 As of September 30, 2016, our indebtedness associated with financing our inventory and working capital needs totaled approximately $166.6 million. As of September 30, 2015 and 2016, the interest rate on the outstanding short-term borrowings was approximately 3.6% and 3.9%, respectively. As of September 30, 2016, our additional available borrowings under our Amended Credit Facility were approximately $69.8 million based upon the outstanding borrowing base availability. The aging of our inventory limits our borrowing capacity as defined curtailments reduce the allowable advance rate as our inventory ages. 
 Except as specified in this "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" and in the attached unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements, we have no material commitments for capital for the next 12 months. We believe that our existing capital resources will be sufficient to finance our operations for at least the next 12 months, except for possible significant acquisitions. 
 Commitments and Commercial Commitments 
 The following table sets forth a summary of our material contractual obligations and commercial commitments as of September 30, 2016: 

(1)   
 
 Estimates of future interest payments for short-term borrowings have been excluded in the tabular presentation. Amounts due are contingent upon the outstanding balances and the variable interest rates. As of September 30, 2016, the interest rate on our short-term borrowings was approximately 3.9%.    

(2)   
 
 The amounts included in other liabilities consist primarily of gross unrecognized tax benefits, our estimated liability for claims on certain workers  compensation insurance policies, and estimated future contingent consideration payments.     

(3)   
 
 Amounts for operating lease commitments do not include certain operating expenses such as maintenance, insurance, and real estate taxes. These amounts are not a material component of operating expenses.    

 Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
 We do not have any transactions, arrangements, or other relationships with unconsolidated entities that are reasonably likely to affect our financial condition, liquidity, or capital resources. We have no special purpose or limited purpose entities that provide off-balance sheet financing, liquidity, or market or credit risk support; we do not engage in hedging, or research and development services; and we do not have other relationships that expose us to liability that is not reflected in the financial statements. 
 49 

Item 7A.   
 
    Quantitative   and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk     

 Interest Rate Risk 
 As of September 30, 2016, all of our short-term debt bore interest at a variable rate, tied to LIBOR as a reference rate. Changes in the underlying LIBOR interest rate on our short-term debt could affect our earnings. For example, a hypothetical 100 basis point increase in the interest rate on our short-term debt would result in an increase of approximately $1.7 million in annual pre-tax interest expense. This estimated increase is based upon the outstanding balance of our short-term debt as of September 30, 2016 and assumes no mitigating changes by us to reduce the outstanding balances and no additional interest assistance that could be received from vendors due to the interest rate increase. 
 Foreign Currency Exchange Rate Risk 
 Products purchased from European-based and Chinese-based manufacturers are subject to fluctuations in the U.S. dollar exchange rate, which ultimately may impact the retail price at which we can sell such products. Accordingly, fluctuations in the value of the other currencies compared with the U.S. dollar may impact the price points at which we can profitably sell such foreign products, and such price points may not be competitive with other product lines in the United States. Accordingly, such fluctuations in exchange rates ultimately may impact the amount of revenue, cost of goods sold, cash flows, and earnings we recognize for such foreign product lines. We cannot predict the effects of exchange rate fluctuations on our operating results. In certain cases, we may enter into foreign currency cash flow hedges to reduce the variability of cash flows associated with forecasted purchases of boats and yachts from European-based and Chinese-based manufacturers. We are not currently engaged in foreign currency exchange hedging transactions to manage our foreign currency exposure. If and when we do engage in foreign currency exchange hedging transactions, there can be no assurance that our strategies will adequately protect our operating results from the effects of exchange rate fluctuations. 

Item 8.   
 
      Financial Statements and Supplementary Data     

 Reference is made to the financial statements, the notes thereto, and the report thereon, commencing on page F-1 of this report, which financial statements, notes, and report are incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 9.   
 
      Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure     

 Not applicable. 

Item 9A.   
 
      Controls and Procedures     

 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 We maintain disclosure controls and procedures that are designed to ensure that material information required to be disclosed by us in Securities Exchange Act reports is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 Our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have evaluated the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934) as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based on such evaluation, such officers have concluded that, as of the end of the period covered by this report, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective at the reasonable assurance level. 
 Changes in Internal Controls 
 During the quarter ended September 30, 2016, there were no changes in our internal controls over financial reporting that materially affected, or were reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 Limitations on the Effectiveness of Controls 
 Our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, does not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures and internal controls over financial reporting will prevent all errors and all fraud. A control system, no matter  
 50 
 
  how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. Further, the design of a control s  ystem must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Although our disclosure controls and procedures are designed to provide reasonable assurance of achieving their object  ives, because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within the company have been detected. These inherent limitations include the   realities that judgments in decision-making can be faulty, and that breakdowns can occur because of simple error or mistake. Additionally, controls can be circumvented by the individual acts of some persons, by collusion of two or more people, or by manag  ement override of the control. The design of any system of controls also is based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all pot  ential future conditions; over time, a control may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Because of the inherent limitations in a cost-effective control system, miss  tatements due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected.  
 CEO and CFO Certifications 
 Exhibits 31.1 and 31.2 are the Certifications of the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, respectively. The Certifications are required in accordance with Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (the  Section 302 Certifications ). This Item of this report, which you are currently reading is the information concerning the Evaluation referred to in the Section 302 Certifications and this information should be read in conjunction with the Section 302 Certifications for a more complete understanding of the topics presented. 
 Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Rule 13a-15(f) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2016 as required by the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Rule 13a-15(c). In making this assessment, we used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission ( COSO ) in Internal Control   Integrated Framework (2013). Based on its evaluation, our management concluded that its internal control over financial reporting was effective as of September 30, 2016. 
 Our internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2016 has been audited by KPMG LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their report which appears herein. 
   
 51 
 
  Report of Independent Registere  d Public Accounting Firm  
   
 The Board of Directors and Shareholders 
 MarineMax, Inc.: 
   
 We have audited MarineMax, Inc. s internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2016, based on criteria established in  Internal Control   Integrated Framework (2013)  issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). MarineMax, Inc. s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying management s report on internal control over financial reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audit also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 In our opinion, MarineMax, Inc. maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2016, based on criteria established in  Internal Control   Integrated Framework (2013)  issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), the consolidated balance sheets of MarineMax, Inc. and subsidiaries as of September 30, 2015 and 2016, and the related consolidated statements of operations, stockholders  equity, and cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended September 30, 2016, and our report dated December 6, 2016 expressed an unqualified opinion on those consolidated financial statements. 
 /s/ KPMG LLP 
   
 Tampa, Florida December 6, 2016 
 Certified Public Accountants 

52 

Item 9B.   
 
        Other   Information     

 None.  

PART III 

Item 10.   
 
      Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance     

 The information required by this Item relating to our directors and corporate governance is incorporated herein by reference to the definitive Proxy Statement (particularly under the caption  Corporate Governance ) to be filed pursuant to Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act for our 2017 Annual Meeting of Shareholders (the  2017 Proxy Statement ).  The information required by this Item relating to our executive officers is included in  Business   Executive Officers.  
 We have adopted a code of ethics that applies to our principal executive officer, principal financial officer, and other senior accounting personnel. The  Code of Ethics for the CEO and Senior Financial Officers  is located on our website at  www.MarineMax.com  in the Investor Relations section under Corporate Governance. 
 We intend to satisfy the disclosure requirement under Item 5.05(c) of Form 8-K regarding any amendment to, or waiver from, a provision of this code of ethics by posting such information on our website, at the address and location specified above. 

Item 11.   
 
      Executive Compensation     

 The information required by this Item is incorporated herein by reference to the 2017 Proxy Statement (particularly under the caption  Executive Compensation ). 

Item 12.   
 
      Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters     

 The information required by this Item is incorporated herein by reference to the 2017 Proxy Statement (particularly under the caption  Security Ownership of Principal Shareholders, Directors, and Officers ). 

Item 13.   
 
      Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence     

 The information required by this Item is incorporated herein by reference to the 2017 Proxy Statement (particularly under the caption  Certain Relationships and Related Transactions ). 

Item 14.   
 
      Principal Accountant Fees and Services     

 The information required by this Item is incorporated herein by reference to the 2017 Proxy Statement (particularly under the caption  Ratification of Appointment of Independent Auditor ). 

PART IV 

Item 15.   
 
      Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules     

(a)   
 
 Financial Statements and Financial Statement Schedules    

(1)   
 
  Financial Statements.  Financial Statements are listed in the Index to Consolidated Financial Statements on page F-1 of this report.    

(2)   
 
  Financial Statement Schedules.  No financial statement schedules are included because such schedules are not applicable, are not required, or because required information is included in the consolidated financial statements or notes thereto.    

(b)   
 
 Exhibits    

Exhibit  Number   

Exhibit   

2.1  

Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated February 25, 2015, by and between MarineMax, Inc. and MarineMax Reincorporation, Inc. (1)  

53 

Exhibit  Number   

Exhibit   

3.1   

Articles of Incorporation of the Registrant.(2)  

3.2  

Bylaws of the Registrant. (2)  

4.1  

Specimen of Common Stock Certificate. (2)  

10.3(h)*  

Employment Agreement between Registrant and William H.  McGill Jr.  (3)  

10.3(i)*  

Employment Agreement between Registrant and Michael H.  McLamb. (3)  

10.4*  

1998 Incentive Stock Plan, as amended through February 27, 2001. (4)  

10.5*  

2008 Employee Stock Purchase Plan, as amended. (5)  

10.20  

Agreement Relating to Acquisitions between Registrant and Brunswick Corporation, dated December 7, 2005. (6)    

10.20(a)  

Amendment, executed October 17, 2014, to Agreement Relating to Acquisitions between Registrant and Brunswick Corporation, dated December 7, 2005. (7)  

10.20(b)  

Sea Ray Sales and Service Agreement. (6)  

10.20(c)   

Sea Ray Sales and Service Agreement, executed October 17, 2014, by and between MarineMax East, Inc. and Sea Ray, a Division of Brunswick Corporation. (7)  

10.20(d)   

Sea Ray Sales and Service Agreement, executed October 17, 2014, by and between MarineMax Northeast, LLC, and Sea Ray, a Division of Brunswick Corporation. (7)  

10.20(e)   

Sea Ray Sales and Service Agreement, executed October 17, 2014, by and between MarineMax, Inc. and Sea Ray, a Division of Brunswick Corporation. (7)  

10.20(f)   

Boston Whaler Sales and Service Agreement, executed December 5, 2014, by and between MarineMax East, Inc. and Boston Whaler, a Division of Brunswick Corporation. (8)  

10.20(g)   

Boston Whaler Sales and Service Agreement, executed December 5, 2014, by and between MarineMax Northeast, LLC, and Boston Whaler, a Division of Brunswick Corporation. (8)  

10.20(h)   

Boston Whaler Sales and Service Agreement, executed December 5, 2014, by and between MarineMax, Inc. and Boston Whaler, a Division of Brunswick Corporation. (8)  

10.21   

Inventory Financing Agreement executed on June 24, 2010, among MarineMax, Inc. and its subsidiaries, as Borrowers, and GE Commercial Distribution Finance Corporation, as Lender. (9)  

10.21(a)   

Program Terms Letter executed on June 24, 2010, among MarineMax, Inc. and its subsidiaries, as Borrowers, and GE Commercial Distribution Finance Corporation, as Lender. (9)  

10.21(b)   

Amendment Number One to Inventory Financing Agreement, executed on December 17, 2010, among MarineMax, Inc. and its subsidiaries, as Borrowers, and GE Commercial Distribution Finance Corporation, as Lender. (10)  

10.21(c)   

Amendment Number One to Program Terms Letter, executed on December 17, 2010, among MarineMax, Inc. and its subsidiaries, as Borrowers, and GE Commercial Distribution Finance Corporation, as Lender. (10)  

10.21(d)   

Amendment Number Two to Inventory Financing Agreement, executed on June 1, 2011, among MarineMax, Inc. and its subsidiaries, as Borrowers, and GE Commercial Distribution Finance Corporation, as Lender. (11)  

10.21(e)   

Amendment Number Two to Program Terms Letter, executed on June 1, 2011, among MarineMax, Inc. and its subsidiaries, as Borrowers, and GE Commercial Distribution Finance Corporation, as Lender. (11)  

10.21(f)  

Amendment Number Three to Inventory Financing Agreement, executed on July 27, 2012, by and among MarineMax, Inc. and its subsidiaries, as Borrowers, and GE Commercial Distribution Finance Corporation, as Lender. (12)  

10.21(g)    

Amended and Restated Inventory Financing Agreement, executed on June 28, 2013, by and among MarineMax, Inc. and its subsidiaries, as Borrowers, and GE Commercial Distribution Finance Corporation, as Lender.  (13)  

10.21(h)    

Amended and Restated Program Terms Letter, executed on June 28, 2013, among MarineMax, Inc. and its subsidiaries, as Borrowers, and GE Commercial Distribution Finance Corporation, as Lender.  (13)   

10.21(i)    

Amendment Number Four to the Amended and Restated Inventory Financing Agreement, executed on August 29, 2014, by and among MarineMax, Inc. and its subsidiaries, as Borrowers, and GE Commercial Distribution Finance Corporation, as Lender. (7)  

10.21(j)    

Second Amended and Restated Program Terms Letter, executed on August 29, 2014, among MarineMax, Inc. and its subsidiaries, as Borrowers, and GE Commercial Distribution Finance Corporation, as Lender. (7)  

10.21(k)    

Second Amended and Restated Inventory Financing Agreement, executed on October 30, 2015, among MarineMax, Inc. and its subsidiaries, as Borrowers, and GE Commercial Distribution Finance LLC f/k/a GE Commercial Distribution Finance Corporation, as Lender. (14)  

10.21(l)    

Third Amended and Restated Program Terms Letter, executed on October 30, 2015, among MarineMax and its subsidiaries, as Borrowers, and GE Commercial Distribution Finance LLC f/k/a GE Commercial Distribution Finance Corporation, as Lender. (14)  

10.21(m)    

First Amendment to Second Amended and Restated Inventory Financing Agreement, executed on March 31, 2016, among and its subsidiaries, as Borrowers, and GE Commercial Distribution Finance LLC f/k/a GE Commercial Distribution Finance Corporation, as Lender. (15)  

54 

Certain information in this exhibit has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to the omitted portions.    

*   
 
 Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement.    

55 

(c)   
 
 Financial Statements Schedules    

56 
 
  SIGNATURES  
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

MARINEMAX, INC.  

/s/  William H. McGill Jr.  

William H. McGill Jr.  

Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer  

Date: December 6, 2016 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Signature   

Capacity   

Date   

/s/  William H. McGill Jr.  

Chairman of the Board, President, and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer)  

December 6, 2016  

William H. McGill Jr.  

/s/  Michael H. McLamb  

Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, Secretary, and Director (Principal Accounting and Financial Officer)  

December 6, 2016  

Michael H. McLamb  

/s/ Evelyn Follit  

Director  

Evelyn Follit  

December 6, 2016  

/s/   Clint Moore    

Director  

December 6, 2016  

Clint Moore  

/s/   Hilliard M. Eure III   

Hilliard M. Eure III  

Director  

December 6, 2016  

/s/   Charles R. Oglesby   

Director  

December 6, 2016  

Charles R. Oglesby  

/s/   Joseph A. Watters   

Director  

December 6, 2016  

Joseph A. Watters  

/s/   George E. Borst   

Director  

December 6, 2016  

George E. Borst  

57 
 
  MARINEMAX, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES      INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

Page  

CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm    

F-2  

Consolidated Balance Sheets    

F-3  

Consolidated Statements of Operations    

F-4  

Consolidated Statements of Shareholders  Equity    

F-5  

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows    

F-6  

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements    

F-7  

Report of Independent Regist  ered Public Accounting Firm  
   
 The Board of Directors and Shareholders 
 MarineMax, Inc.: 
   
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of MarineMax, Inc. and subsidiaries as of September 30, 2016 and 2015, and the related consolidated statements of operations, stockholders  equity, and cash flows for each of the years in the three year period ended September 30, 2016. These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated financial statements based on our audits. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of MarineMax, Inc. and subsidiaries as of September 30, 2016 and 2015, and the results of their operations and their cash flows for each of the years in the three year period ended September 30, 2016, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), MarineMax, Inc. s internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2016, based on criteria established in  Internal Control   Integrated Framework (2013)  issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO), and our report dated December 6, 2016, expressed an unqualified opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 
   
 /s/ KPMG LLP 
 Tampa, Florida December 6, 2016 
 Certified Public Accountants 

F-2 
 
  MARINEMAX, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
     CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (Amounts in thousands except share and per share data) 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
   
 F-3 
 
  MARINEMAX, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
     CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
 (Amounts in thousands except share and per share data) 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
   
 F-4 
 
  MARINEMAX, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
     CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY 
 (Amounts in thousands except share data) 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
   
 F-5 
 
  MARINEMAX, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
     CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (Amounts in thousands) 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements 

F-6 
 
  MARINEMAX, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
   NOTES TO   CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

1.  COMPANY BACKGROUND AND BASIS OF PRESENTATION: 
 We are the largest recreational boat retailer in the United States. We engage primarily in the retail sale, brokerage, and service of new and used boats, motors, trailers, marine parts and accessories and offer slip and storage accommodations in certain locations. In addition, we arrange related boat financing, insurance, and extended service contracts.  We also offer the charter of power and sailing yachts in the British Virgin Islands. As of September 30, 2016, we operated through 56 retail locations in 16 states, consisting of Alabama, California, Connecticut, Florida, Georgia, Maryland, Massachusetts, Minnesota, Missouri, New Jersey, New York, North Carolina, Ohio, Oklahoma, Rhode Island, and Texas. Our MarineMax Vacations operations maintain a facility in Tortola, British Virgin Islands. 
 We are the nation s largest retailer of Sea Ray and Boston Whaler recreational boats and yachts which are manufactured by Brunswick Corporation ( Brunswick ). Sales of new Brunswick boats accounted for approximately 40% of our revenue in fiscal 2016. Sales of new Sea Ray and Boston Whaler boats, both divisions of Brunswick, accounted for approximately 24% and 14%, respectively, of our revenue in fiscal 2016. Brunswick is a world leading manufacturer of marine products and marine engines. We believe we represented approximately 53% of Brunswick s Sea Ray boat sales, during our fiscal 2016. 
 We have dealership agreements with Sea Ray, Boston Whaler, Meridian, and Mercury Marine, all subsidiaries or divisions of Brunswick. We also have dealer agreements with Italy-based Azimut-Benetti Group s product line for Azimut Yachts. These agreements allow us to purchase, stock, sell, and service these manufacturers  boats and products. These agreements also allow us to use these manufacturers  names, trade symbols, and intellectual properties in our operations. 
 We have multi-year dealer agreements with Brunswick covering Sea Ray products that appoint us as the exclusive dealer of Sea Ray boats in our geographic markets. We are the exclusive dealer for Boston Whaler through multi-year dealer agreements for many of our geographic markets.  In addition, we are the exclusive dealer for Azimut Yachts for the entire United States through a multi-year dealer agreement. Sales of new Azimut boats accounted for approximately 11% of our revenue in fiscal 2016. We believe non-Brunswick brands offer a migration for our existing customer base or fill a void in our product offerings, and accordingly, do not compete with the business generated from our other prominent brands. 
 As is typical in the industry, we deal with most of our manufacturers, other than Sea Ray, Boston Whaler, Meridian, and Azimut Yachts, under renewable annual dealer agreements, each of which gives us the right to sell various makes and models of boats within a given geographic region. Any change or termination of these agreements, or the agreements discussed above, for any reason, or changes in competitive, regulatory, or marketing practices, including rebate or incentive programs, could adversely affect our results of operations. Although there are a limited number of manufacturers of the type of boats and products that we sell, we believe that adequate alternative sources would be available to replace any manufacturer other than Sea Ray and Azimut as a product source. These alternative sources may not be available at the time of any interruption, and alternative products may not be available at comparable terms, which could affect operating results adversely. 
 General economic conditions and consumer spending patterns can negatively impact our operating results. Unfavorable local, regional, national, or global economic developments or uncertainties regarding future economic prospects could reduce consumer spending in the markets we serve and adversely affect our business. Economic conditions in areas in which we operate dealerships, particularly Florida in which we generated approximately 52%, 53%, and 55% of our revenue during fiscal 2014, 2015, and 2016, respectively, can have a major impact on our operations. Local influences, such as corporate downsizing, military base closings, inclement weather such as Hurricane Sandy, environmental conditions, and specific events, such as the BP oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico in 2010, also could adversely affect, and in certain instances have adversely affected, our operations in certain markets. 
 In an economic downturn, consumer discretionary spending levels generally decline, at times resulting in disproportionately large reductions in the sale of luxury goods. Consumer spending on luxury goods also may decline as a result of lower consumer confidence levels, even if prevailing economic conditions are favorable.  As a result, an economic downturn could impact us more than certain of our competitors due to our strategic focus on a higher end of our market. Although we have expanded our operations during periods of stagnant or modestly declining industry trends, the cyclical nature of the recreational boating industry or the lack of industry growth may adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Any period of adverse economic conditions or low consumer confidence has a negative effect on our business. 
 F-7 
 
 MARINEMAX, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
   
  Lower consumer spending resulting from a downturn in the housing market and other economic factors adversely affected our business in fiscal 2007, and continued weakness in consumer spending and depressed economic conditions had a   substantial negative effect on our business and industry for several years after fiscal 2007. These conditions caused us to substantially reduce our acquisition program, delay new store openings, reduce our inventory purchases, engage in inventory reductio  n efforts, close a number of our retail locations, reduce our headcount, and amend and replace our credit facility. Acquisitions and new store openings remain important strategies to our company, and we plan to accelerate our growth through these strategie  s as economic conditions continue to improve. However, we cannot predict the length of unfavorable economic or industry conditions or the extent to which they will continue to adversely affect our operating results nor can we predict the effectiveness of t  he measures we have taken to address this environment.  
 In order to provide comparability between periods presented, certain amounts have been reclassified from the previously reported consolidated financial statements to conform to the consolidated financial statement presentation of the current period. The consolidated financial statements include our accounts and the accounts of our subsidiaries, all of which are wholly owned. All significant intercompany transactions and accounts have been eliminated. 

2.  SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES: 
 Cash and Cash Equivalents 
 We consider all highly liquid investments with an original maturity of three months or less to be cash equivalents. 
 Vendor Consideration Received 
 We account for consideration received from our vendors in accordance with FASB Accounting Standards Codification 605-50,  Revenue Recognition - Customer Payments and Incentives  ( ASC 605-50 ). ASC 605-50 requires us to classify interest assistance received from manufacturers as a reduction of inventory cost and related cost of sales as opposed to netting the assistance against our interest expense incurred with our lenders. Pursuant to ASC 605-50, amounts received by us under our co-op assistance programs from our manufacturers are netted against related advertising expenses. Further pursuant to ASC 605-50, manufacturer incentives based upon cumulative volume of sales and purchases are recorded when the amounts are probable and reasonably estimable.  
 Inventories 
 Inventory costs consist of the amount paid to acquire inventory, net of vendor consideration and purchase discounts, the cost of equipment added, reconditioning costs, and transportation costs relating to acquiring inventory for sale. We state new and used boat, motor, and trailer inventories at the lower of cost, determined on a specific-identification basis, or market. We state parts and accessories at the lower of cost, determined on an average cost basis, or market. We utilize our historical experience, the aging of the inventories, and our consideration of current market trends as the basis for determining a lower of cost or market valuation allowance. As of September 30, 2015 and 2016, our lower of cost or market valuation allowance for new and used boat, motor, and trailer inventories was $1.8 million and $1.0 million, respectively. If events occur and market conditions change, causing the fair value to fall below carrying value, the lower of cost or market valuation allowance could increase. 
 Property and Equipment 
 We record property and equipment at cost, net of accumulated depreciation, and depreciate property and equipment over their estimated useful lives using the straight-line method. We capitalize and amortize leasehold improvements over the lesser of the life of the lease or the estimated useful life of the asset. Useful lives for purposes of computing depreciation are as follows: 

F-8 
 
 MARINEMAX, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
   
  We remove the cost of property and equipment sold or retired and the related accumulated depreciation from the accounts at the time of disposition and include any resulting gain or loss in the consolidated statements of operations. We   charge maintenance, repairs, and minor replacements to operations as incurred, and we capitalize and amortize major replacements and improvements over their useful lives.  
 Goodwill 
 We account for goodwill in accordance with FASB Accounting Standards Codification 350,  Intangibles - Goodwill and Other  ( ASC 350 ), which provides that the excess of cost over net assets of businesses acquired is recorded as goodwill. On April 15, 2016 we purchased Russo Marine, a privately owned boat dealer in the Northeast United States with locations in Massachusetts and Rhode Island, resulting in the recording of $8.8 million in goodwill. In total, current and previous acquisitions have resulted in the recording of $9.9 million in goodwill. In accordance with ASC 350, we review goodwill for impairment at least annually and whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value may not be recoverable. Our annual impairment test is performed during the fourth fiscal quarter.  If the carrying amount of goodwill exceeds its fair value we would recognize an impairment loss in accordance with ASC 350. As of September 30, 2016, and based upon our most recent analysis, we determined through our qualitative assessment that it is not  more likely than not  that the fair values of our reporting units are less than their carrying values. As a result, we were not required to perform the two-step goodwill impairment test. 
 Impairment of Long-Lived Assets 
 FASB Accounting Standards Codification 360-10-40,  Property, Plant, and Equipment - Impairment or Disposal of Long-Lived Assets  ( ASC 360-10-40 ), requires that long-lived assets, such as property and equipment and purchased intangibles subject to amortization, be reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. Recoverability of the asset is measured by comparison of its carrying amount to undiscounted future net cash flows the asset is expected to generate. If such assets are considered to be impaired, the impairment to be recognized is measured as the amount by which the carrying amount of the asset exceeds its fair market value. Estimates of expected future cash flows represent our best estimate based on currently available information and reasonable and supportable assumptions. Any impairment recognized in accordance with ASC 360-10-40 is permanent and may not be restored. The analysis is performed at a regional level for indicators of permanent impairment given the geographical interdependencies amongst our locations. Based upon our most recent analysis, which excludes fixed assets classified as held for sale which are recorded at fair value, we believe no further impairment of long-lived assets existed as of September 30, 2016. 
 Customer Deposits 
 Customer deposits primarily include amounts received from customers toward the purchase of boats. We recognize these deposits as revenue at the time of delivery or acceptance by the customers. 
 Insurance 
 We retain varying levels of risk relating to the insurance policies we maintain, most significantly workers  compensation insurance and employee medical benefits. We are responsible for the claims and losses incurred under these programs, limited by per occurrence deductibles and paid claims or losses up to pre-determined maximum exposure limits. Our third-party insurance carriers pay any losses above the pre-determined exposure limits. We estimate our liability for incurred but not reported losses using our historical loss experience, our judgment, and industry information. 
 Revenue Recognition 
 We recognize revenue from boat, motor, and trailer sales, and parts and service operations at the time the boat, motor, trailer, or part is delivered to or accepted by the customer or the service is completed. We recognize deferred revenue from service operations and slip and storage services on a straight-line basis over the term of the contract or when service is completed. We recognize commissions earned from a brokerage sale at the time the related brokerage transaction closes. We recognize income from the rentals of chartering power and sailing yachts on a straight-line basis over the term of the contract or when service is completed. We recognize commissions earned by us for placing notes with financial institutions in connection with customer boat financing when we recognize the related boat sales. We recognize marketing fees earned on credit, life, accident, disability, gap, and hull insurance products sold by third-party insurance companies at the later of customer acceptance of the insurance product as evidenced by contract execution or when the related boat sale is recognized. Pursuant to negotiated agreements with financial and insurance institutions, we  
 F-9 
 
 MARINEMAX, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
   
  are charged back for a portion of these   fees should the customer terminate or default on the related finance or insurance contract before it is outstanding for a stipulated minimum period of time. We base the chargeback allowance, which was not material to the consolidated financial statements t  aken as a whole as of September 30, 2016, on our experience with repayments or defaults on the related finance or insurance contracts.  
 We also recognize commissions earned on extended warranty service contracts sold on behalf of third-party insurance companies at the later of customer acceptance of the service contract terms as evidenced by contract execution or recognition of the related boat sale. We are charged back for a portion of these commissions should the customer terminate or default on the service contract prior to its scheduled maturity. We determined the chargeback allowance, which was not material to the consolidated financial statements taken as a whole as of September 30, 2016, based upon our experience with terminations or defaults on the service contracts. 
 The following table sets forth percentages of our revenue generated by certain products and services, for each of last three fiscal years. 

Stock-Based Compensation 
 We account for our stock-based compensation plans following the provisions of FASB Accounting Standards Codification 718,  Compensation   Stock Compensation  ( ASC 718 ). In accordance with ASC 718, we use the Black-Scholes valuation model for valuing all stock-based compensation and shares purchased under our Employee Stock Purchase Plan. We measure compensation for restricted stock awards and restricted stock units at fair value on the grant date based on the number of shares expected to vest and the quoted market price of our common stock. We recognize compensation cost for all awards in operations, net of estimated forfeitures, on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period for each separately vesting portion of the award. 
 Advertising and Promotional Cost 
 We expense advertising and promotional costs as incurred and include them in selling, general, and administrative expenses in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. Pursuant to ASC 605-50, we net amounts received by us under our co-op assistance programs from our manufacturers against the related advertising expenses. Total advertising and promotional expenses approximated $9.5 million, $10.5 million, and $13.5 million, net of related co-op assistance of approximately $473,000, $737,000, and $730,000, for the fiscal years ended September 30, 2014, 2015, and 2016, respectively. 
 Income Taxes 
 We account for income taxes in accordance with FASB Accounting Standards Codification 740,  Income Taxes  ( ASC 740 ). Under ASC 740, we recognize deferred tax assets and liabilities for the future tax consequences attributable to temporary differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax basis. We measure deferred tax assets and liabilities using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which we expect those temporary differences to be recovered or settled.  We record valuation allowances to reduce our deferred tax assets to the amount expected to be realized by considering all available positive and negative evidence. 
 Concentrations of Credit Risk 
 Financial instruments, which potentially subject us to concentrations of credit risk, consist principally of cash and cash equivalents and accounts receivable. Concentrations of credit risk with respect to our cash and cash equivalents are limited primarily to amounts held with financial institutions. Concentrations of credit risk arising from our receivables are limited primarily to amounts due from manufacturers and financial institutions. 
 F-10 
 
 MARINEMAX, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
   
  Fair Value of Financial Instruments  
 The carrying amount of our financial instruments approximates fair value resulting from either length to maturity or existence of interest rates that approximate prevailing market rates unless otherwise disclosed in these consolidated financial statements. 
 Use of Estimates and Assumptions 
 The preparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the consolidated financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting periods. Significant estimates made by us in the accompanying consolidated financial statements relate to valuation allowances, valuation of goodwill and intangible assets, valuation of long-lived assets, and valuation of accruals. Actual results could differ materially from those estimates. 
 Segment Reporting 
 We operate as one reporting segment in accordance with the FASB Accounting Standards Codification 280,  Segment Reporting .  The metrics used by our Chief Executive Officer (as the Company s chief operating decision maker or the  CODM ) to assess the performance of the Company are focused on viewing the business as a single integrated business.  

3.  NEW ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS: 
 In May 2014, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2014-09,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606)  (ASU 2014-9), a converged standard on revenue recognition. The new pronouncement requires revenue recognition to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. The guidance also specifies the accounting for some costs to obtain or fulfill a contract with a customer, as well as enhanced disclosure requirements. ASU 2014-9 is effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2017, including interim reporting periods within that reporting period. Early adoption is permitted for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2016. While we are continuing to evaluate the impact the adoption of ASU 2014-09 will have on our consolidated financial statements, we currently do not believe the adoption of this standard will have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements, or will cause a significant change to our current accounting policies or internal controls over financial reporting for revenue recognition on boat, motor, and trailer sales, parts and service operations, brokerage commissions, slip and storage services, charter rentals, and fee income generated from F I products. 
 In July 2015, the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-11,  Inventory (Topic 330).  The pronouncement was issued to simplify the measurement of inventory and changes the measurement from lower of cost or market to lower of cost and net realizable value. This pronouncement is effective for reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2016. The adoption of ASU 2015-11 is not expected to have a significant impact on the Company s consolidated financial position or results of operations. 
 In November 2015, FASB issued ASU 2015-17, Balance Sheet Classification of Deferred Taxes, which eliminates the current requirement to present deferred tax liabilities and assets as current and noncurrent in a classified balance sheet. Instead, entities will be required to classify all deferred tax assets and liabilities as noncurrent. This ASU is effective for annual periods beginning after fiscal December 15, 2017 and early adoption is permitted as of the beginning of an interim or annual reporting period. We retrospectively adopted ASU 2015-17 as of June 30, 2016, and as a result have reported deferred tax assets and liabilities as noncurrent on the balance sheet for all periods presented.  This early adoption resulted in approximately $9.3 million in deferred tax assets previously reported as current assets in the consolidated balance sheet as of September 30, 2015 being recorded as noncurrent assets as of September 30, 2015.   Because the application of this guidance affects classification only, such reclassifications did not have a material effect on the Company s consolidated financial position or results of operations. 
 In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-02, Leases (Topic 842) (ASU 2016-02). This update requires organizations to recognize lease assets and lease liabilities on the balance sheet and also disclose key information about leasing arrangements. This ASU is effective for annual reporting periods beginning on or after December 15, 2018, and interim periods within those annual periods. Earlier application is permitted for all entities as of the beginning of an interim or annual period. While we are continuing to evaluate the impact of the adoption of ASU 2016-02 on our consolidated financial statements, we believe the adoption of ASU 2016-02 may have a significant and material impact to our consolidated balance sheet given our current lease agreements for our leased retail locations. We are currently evaluating the impact the adoption of this ASU will have on our other consolidated financial statements. Based on a preliminary assessment, we expect that most of our operating lease commitments will be subject to the new  
 F-11 
 
 MARINEMAX, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
   
  guidance and recognized as operating lease liabilities and right-of  -use assets upon adoption, resulting in a material increase in the assets and liabilities recorded on our consolidated balance sheet. We are continuing our assessment, which may identify additional impacts this standard will have on our consolidated financ  ial statements and related disclosures and internal controls over financial reporting  .  
 In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-09,  Compensation   Stock Compensation (Topic 718), (ASU 2016-09).  This update was issued as part of the FASB s simplification initiative and affects all entities that issue share-based payment awards to their employees. The amendments in this update cover such areas as the recognition of excess tax benefits and deficiencies, the classification of those excess tax benefits on the statement of cash flows, an accounting policy election for forfeitures, the amount an employer can withhold to cover income taxes and still qualify for equity classification and the classification of those taxes paid on the statement of cash flows. This update is effective for annual and interim periods beginning after December 15, 2016.  We elected to early adopt the new guidance in the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2016 which requires us to reflect any adjustments as of October 1, 2015, the beginning of the annual period that includes the interim period of adoption. The primary effect of adoption was the recognition of excess tax benefits in our provision for income taxes rather than paid-in capital for all periods in fiscal year 2016. This early adoption resulted in an approximately $5.2 million increase in deferred tax assets and retained earnings as of October 1, 2015, the beginning of fiscal year 2016. The recognition of excess tax benefits in our provision for income taxes rather than paid-in capital resulted in an income tax benefit of $633,000 for the three months ended September 30, 2016.  Additionally, the adoption in the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2016 of ASU 2016-09 resulted in additional income tax expense of $201,000 for the three months ended December 31, 2015, an income tax benefit of $67,000 for the three months ended March 31, 2016, and an additional income tax expense of $242,000 for the three months ended June 30, 2016, from the previously reported income tax provisions in the condensed consolidated statements of operations for the first, second, and third quarter, respectively, during fiscal year 2016. Lastly, the adoption of ASU 2016-09 resulted in $541,000 for payments for tax withholdings for equity awards previously recorded in operating activities on the consolidated statements of cash flows for fiscal year 2015 now being recorded in financing activities for fiscal year 2015.   

4.  ACCOUNTS RECEIVABLE: 
 Trade receivables consist primarily of receivables from financial institutions, which provide funding for customer boat financing and amounts due from financial institutions earned from arranging financing with our customers. We normally collect these receivables within 30 days of the sale. Trade receivables also include amounts due from customers on the sale of boats, parts, service, and storage. Amounts due from manufacturers represent receivables for various manufacturer programs and parts and service work performed pursuant to the manufacturers  warranties. 
 The allowance for uncollectible receivables, which was not material to the consolidated financial statements as of September 30, 2015 or 2016, was based on our consideration of customer payment practices, past transaction history with customers, and economic conditions. When an account becomes uncollectable, we expense it as a bad debt and we credit payments subsequently received to the bad debt expense account.  We review the allowance for uncollectible receivables when an event or other change in circumstances results in a change in the estimate of the ultimate collectability of a specific account. 
 Accounts receivable, net consisted of the following as of September 30, 

F-12 
 
 MARINEMAX, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
   
  5.  INVENTORIES:  
 Inventories, net, consisted of the following as of September 30, 

6.  PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT: 
 Property and equipment consisted of the following as of September 30, 

Depreciation and amortization expense on property and equipment totaled approximately $7.3 million, $7.9 million, and $8.0 million for the fiscal years ended September 30, 2014, 2015, and 2016, respectively. 

7.  OTHER ASSETS: 
 During February 2006, we became party to a joint venture with Brunswick that acquired certain real estate and assets of Great American Marina for an aggregate purchase price of approximately $11.0 million, of which we contributed approximately $4.0 million and Brunswick contributed approximately $7.0 million. The terms of the agreement specify that we operate and maintain the service business and that Brunswick operate and maintain the marina business. Simultaneously with the closing, the acquired entity became Gulfport Marina, LLC ( Gulfport ). We account for our investment in Gulfport in accordance with FASB Accounting Standards Codification 323,  Investment   Equity Method and Joint Venture .  Accordingly, we adjust the carrying amount of our investment in Gulfport to recognize our share of earnings or losses, based on the service business we operate. The carrying amount of our investment is included in other long-term assets on the consolidated balance sheet as of September 30, 2015, and our share of the earnings or losses based on the service business that we operate are included in selling, general and administrative expenses on the consolidated statements of operations. During February 2016, we acquired Brunswick s interest in the Gulfport joint venture. After the acquisition of Brunswick s interest, we reported the complete operations of Gulfport in our consolidated balance sheet as of September 30, 2016 and consolidated statement of operations for the remainder of fiscal year 2016 subsequent to the acquisition in accordance with FASB Accounting Standards Codification 805,  Business Combinations . 
 Approximately $6.7 million and $850,000 of certain real estate assets were classified as held for sale and were included in prepaid expenses and other current assets on the consolidated balance sheet as of September 30, 2015 and September 30, 2016, respectively.  

8.  SHORT-TERM BORROWINGS: 
 In June 2016, we entered into an amendment to our Inventory Financing Agreement (the  Amended Credit Facility ), originally entered into in June 2010, as subsequently amended, and led by Wells Fargo Commercial Distribution Finance LLC (formerly GE Commercial Distribution Finance Corporation). The June 2016 amendment extended the maturity date of the Credit Facility to October 2019, and the Amended Credit Facility includes two additional one-year extension periods, with lender approval. The June  
 F-13 
 
 MARINEMAX, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
   
  2016 amendment, among other things, modified the amount of borrowing availability and maturity date of the Credit Facility. The Amended Credit Facility provides a floor plan financing commitment of up to $300.0   million, an increase from the previous limit of $260.0 million, subject to borrowing base availability resulting from the amount and aging of our inventory.  
 The Amended Credit Facility has certain financial covenants as specified in the agreement. The covenants include provisions that our leverage ratio must not exceed 2.75 to 1.0 and that our current ratio must be greater than 1.2 to 1.0. The interest rate for amounts outstanding under the Amended Credit Facility is 345 basis points above the one-month London Inter-Bank Offering Rate ( LIBOR ). There is an unused line fee of ten basis points on the unused portion of the Amended Credit Facility. 
 Advances under the Amended Credit Facility are initiated by the acquisition of eligible new and used inventory or are re-advances against eligible new and used inventory that have been partially paid-off. Advances on new inventory will generally mature 1,080 days from the original invoice date. Advances on used inventory will mature 361 days from the date we acquire the used inventory. Each advance is subject to a curtailment schedule, which requires that we pay down the balance of each advance on a periodic basis starting after six months. The curtailment schedule varies based on the type and value of the inventory. The collateral for the Amended Credit Facility is all of our personal property with certain limited exceptions. None of our real estate has been pledged for collateral for the Amended Credit Facility. 
 As of September 30, 2015 and 2016, our indebtedness associated with financing our inventory and working capital needs totaled approximately $137.2 million and $166.6 million, respectively. As of September 30, 2015 and 2016, the interest rate on the outstanding short-term borrowings was approximately 3.6% and 3.9%, respectively. As of September 30, 2016, our additional available borrowings under our Amended Credit Facility were approximately $69.8 million based upon the outstanding borrowing base availability. 
 As is common in our industry, we receive interest assistance directly from boat manufacturers, including Brunswick. The interest assistance programs vary by manufacturer, but generally include periods of free financing or reduced interest rate programs. The interest assistance may be paid directly to us or our lender depending on the arrangements the manufacturer has established. We classify interest assistance received from manufacturers as a reduction of inventory cost and related cost of sales as opposed to netting the assistance against our interest expense incurred with our lenders. 
 The availability and costs of borrowed funds can adversely affect our ability to obtain adequate boat inventory and the holding costs of that inventory as well as the ability and willingness of our customers to finance boat purchases. As of September 30, 2016, we had no long-term debt. However, we rely on our Amended Credit Facility to purchase our inventory of boats. The aging of our inventory limits our borrowing capacity as defined curtailments reduce the allowable advance rate as our inventory ages. Our access to funds under our Amended Credit Facility also depends upon the ability of our lenders to meet their funding commitments, particularly if they experience shortages of capital or experience excessive volumes of borrowing requests from others during a short period of time. Unfavorable economic conditions, weak consumer spending, turmoil in the credit markets, and lender difficulties, among other potential reasons, could interfere with our ability to utilize our Amended Credit Facility to fund our operations. Any inability to utilize our Amended Credit Facility could require us to seek other sources of funding to repay amounts outstanding under the credit agreements or replace or supplement our credit agreements, which may not be possible at all or under commercially reasonable terms. 
 Similarly, decreases in the availability of credit and increases in the cost of credit adversely affect the ability of our customers to purchase boats from us and thereby adversely affect our ability to sell our products and impact the profitability of our finance and insurance activities. Tight credit conditions during fiscal 2009, 2010, and 2011 adversely affected the ability of customers to finance boat purchases, which had a negative effect on our operating results. 

F-14 
 
 MARINEMAX, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
   
  9.  INCOME TAXES:  
 The components of our provision (benefit) from income taxes consisted of the following for the fiscal years ended September 30, 

Below is a reconciliation of the statutory federal income tax rate to our effective tax rate for the fiscal years ended September 30, 

Deferred income taxes reflect the impact of temporary differences between the amount of assets and liabilities recognized for financial reporting purposes and such amounts recognized for income tax purposes.  The tax effects of these temporary differences representing the components of deferred tax assets as of September 30,  

Pursuant to ASC 740, we must consider all positive and negative evidence regarding the realization of deferred tax assets.  ASC 740 provides for four possible sources of taxable income to realize deferred tax assets: 1) taxable income in prior carryback years, 2) reversals of existing deferred tax liabilities, 3) tax planning strategies and 4) projected future taxable income.  As of September 30, 2016, we have no available taxable income in prior carryback years, limited reversals of existing deferred tax liabilities or prudent and feasible tax planning strategies.  Therefore, the recoverability of our deferred tax assets is dependent upon generating future taxable income. 
 Since the fourth quarter of fiscal 2008, the Company had maintained a full valuation allowance against its deferred tax assets, having determined it was more likely than not that the deferred tax assets would not be realized. The determination of releasing  
 F-15 
 
 MARINEMAX, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
   
  valuation allowances against deferred tax assets is made, in part, pursuant to our assessment as to whether it is more likely than not that we will generate sufficient future taxable income against which benefits of the deferred tax assets may   or may not be realized. Significant judgment is required in making estimates regarding our ability to generate income in future periods.  
 In the fourth quarter of fiscal 2015, we reached the conclusion that it was appropriate to release our valuation allowance against the majority of our deferred tax assets due to the sustained positive operating performance of our operations throughout the entire fiscal year and the projection of future taxable income. Additionally, we maintained a cumulative three year income position throughout fiscal year 2015, reached six consecutive quarters of positive pre-tax operating earnings, and experienced a continued recovery in industry and general economic conditions, all of which were positive factors that overcame prior negative evidence.  We also considered forecasts of future operating results and utilization of net operating losses and tax credits prior to their expiration. As a result, we recorded a $27.5 million net reversal of substantially all of our deferred tax asset valuation allowance in the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2015 after determining it was more likely than not that certain deferred tax assets would be realized. A portion of our valuation allowance was retained against our state net operating losses deferred tax asset, due to differences between state and federal tax laws.  
 In the fourth quarter of fiscal 2016, we reached the conclusion that it was appropriate to release the majority of our valuation allowance against our state net operating loss deferred tax assets due to our operating performance in fiscal 2016 being greater than projected at fiscal 2015 year end. We considered forecasts of future operating results and the utilization of net operating losses within the statutory mandated carryforward periods and determined it was more likely than not that the majority of our state net operating loss deferred tax assets would be realized.  As a result of the release of a portion of our deferred tax asset valuation allowance, we recorded approximately $1.1 million reduction in our income tax provision.  A portion of the valuation allowance was retained based on particular jurisdictions.  Specifically, states with a shorter statutory carryforward periods and states where our economic presence, as defined by the jurisdiction s tax laws, has been reduced. 
 As of September 30, 2016, we had federal net operating loss (NOL) carryforwards for federal income tax purposes of $21.0 million that will begin to expire in 2031 which excludes benefits for share based payments of $14.6 million. State NOL carryforwards for state income tax purposes will expire at various dates through 2032.     
 Under ASC 740, the impact of uncertain tax positions taken or expected to be taken on an income tax return must be recognized in the financial statements at the largest amount that is more likely than not to be sustained upon audit by the relevant taxing authority. An uncertain income tax position will not be recognized in the financial statements unless it is more likely than not of being sustained.  As of September 30, 2015 and 2016, we had approximately $244,000 and $254,000, respectively, of gross unrecognized tax benefits, of which approximately $154,000 and $154,000, respectively, if recognized, would impact the effective tax rate before considering a change in valuation allowance. 
 The reconciliation of the total amount recorded for unrecognized tax benefits at the beginning and end of the fiscal years ended September 30, 2015 and 2016 is as follows: 

Consistent with our prior practices, we recognize interest and penalties related to uncertain tax positions as a component of income tax expense. As of September 30, 2015 and 2016, interest and penalties represented approximately $120,000 and $130,000, respectively, of the gross unrecognized tax benefits. 
 We are subject to tax by both federal and state taxing authorities. Until the respective statutes of limitations expire, we are subject to income tax audits in the jurisdictions in which we operate. We are no longer subject to U.S. Federal tax assessments for fiscal years prior to 2012, and we are not subject to assessments prior to the 2011 fiscal year for the majority of the State jurisdictions. 
 We do not expect a change to the total amount of unrecognized tax benefits in the next 12 months based on examinations by tax authorities, the expiration of statutes of limitations, or potential settlements of outstanding positions. 

F-16 
 
 MARINEMAX, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
   
  10.  SHAREHOLDERS  EQUITY:  
 In February 2016, our Board of Directors approved a new share repurchase plan allowing our company to repurchase up to 1,250,000 shares of our common stock through February 28, 2018.  Under the plan, we may buy back common stock from time to time in the open market or in privately negotiated blocks, dependent upon various factors, including price and availability of the shares, and general market conditions. Through September 30, 2016 we had purchased an aggregate of 1,692,016 shares of common stock under the current and historical share repurchase plans for an aggregate purchase price of approximately $31.8 million. As of September 30, 2016, approximately 1.1 million shares remained available for future purchases under the share repurchase program.  

11.  STOCK-BASED COMPENSATION: 
 We account for our stock-based compensation plans following the provisions of FASB Accounting Standards Codification 718,  Compensation   Stock Compensation  ( ASC 718 ).  In accordance with ASC 718, we use the Black-Scholes valuation model for valuing all stock-based compensation and shares purchased under our Employee Stock Purchase Plan. We measure compensation for restricted stock awards and restricted stock units at fair value on the grant date based on the number of shares expected to vest and the quoted market price of our common stock. We recognize compensation cost for all awards in operations, net of estimated forfeitures, on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period for each separately vesting portion of the award. 
 Cash received from option exercises under all share-based compensation arrangements for the fiscal years ended September 30, 2014, 2015, and 2016 was approximately $4.2 million, $3.7 million, and $2.7 million, respectively. There were no tax benefits realized for tax deductions from option exercises for the fiscal years ended September 30, 2014, 2015, and 2016. We currently expect to satisfy share-based awards with registered shares available to be issued. 

12. THE INCENTIVE STOCK PLANS: 
 During February 2013, our shareholders approved a proposal to amend the 2011 Stock-Based Compensation Plan ( 2011 Plan ) to increase the 1,200,456 share threshold by 1,000,000 shares to 2,200,456 shares.  During January 2011, our shareholders approved a proposal to authorize our 2011 Plan, which replaced our 2007 Incentive Compensation Plan ( 2007 Plan ). Our 2011 Plan provides for the grant of stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock, stock units, bonus stock, dividend equivalents, other stock related awards, and performance awards (collectively  awards ), that may be settled in cash, stock, or other property. Our 2011 Plan is designed to attract, motivate, retain, and reward our executives, employees, officers, directors, and independent contractors by providing such persons with annual and long-term performance incentives to expend their maximum efforts in the creation of stockholder value. Subsequent to the February 2013 amendment described above, the total number of shares of our common stock that may be subject to awards under the 2011 Plan is equal to 2,000,000 shares, plus: (i) any shares available for issuance and not subject to an award under the 2007 Plan, which was 200,456 shares at the time of approval of the 2011 Plan; (ii) the number of shares with respect to which awards granted under the 2011 Plan and the 2007 Plan terminate without the issuance of the shares or where the shares are forfeited or repurchased; (iii) with respect to awards granted under the 2011 Plan and the 2007 Plan, the number of shares that are not issued as a result of the award being settled for cash or otherwise not issued in connection with the exercise or payment of the award; and (iv) the number of shares that are surrendered or withheld in payment of the exercise price of any award or any tax withholding requirements in connection with any award granted under the 2011 Plan or the 2007 Plan. The 2011 Plan terminates in January 2021, and awards may be granted at any time during the life of the 2011 Plan. The date on which awards vest are determined by the Board of Directors or the Plan Administrator. The Board of Directors has appointed the Compensation Committee as the Plan Administrator. The exercise prices of options are determined by the Board of Directors or the Plan Administrator and are at least equal to the fair market value of shares of common stock on the date of grant. The term of options under the 2011 Plan may not exceed ten years. The options granted have varying vesting periods. To date, we have not settled or been under any obligation to settle any awards in cash. 
 F-17 
 
 MARINEMAX, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
   
  The foll  owing table summarizes option activity from September 30, 2015 through September 30, 2016:  

The weighted-average grant date fair value of options granted during the fiscal years ended September 30, 2014, 2015, and 2016 was $6.23, $5.80, and $6.88, respectively. The total intrinsic value of options exercised during the fiscal years ended September 30, 2014, 2015, and 2016 was approximately $4.5 million, $8.5 million, and $3.6 million, respectively. 
 As of September 30, 2015 and 2016, there were approximately $2.2 million and $1.0 million, respectively, of unrecognized compensation costs related to non-vested options that are expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of 0.6 years. The total fair value of options vested during the fiscal years ended September 30, 2014, 2015, and 2016 was approximately $1.9 million, $766,000 , and $163,000, respectively. 
 We used the Black-Scholes model to estimate the fair value of options granted. The expected term of options granted is derived from the output of the option pricing model and represents the period of time that options granted are expected to be outstanding. Volatility is based on the historical volatility of our common stock. The risk-free rate for periods within the contractual term of the options is based on the U.S. Treasury yield curve in effect at the time of grant. 
 The following are the weighted-average assumptions used for the fiscal years ended September 30, 

13.  EMPLOYEE STOCK PURCHASE PLAN: 
 During February 2012, our shareholders approved a proposal to amend our 2008 Employee Stock Purchase Plan ( Stock Purchase Plan ) to increase the number of shares available under that plan by 500,000 shares. The Stock Purchase Plan as amended provides for up to 1,000,000 shares of common stock to be available for purchase by our regular employees who have completed at least one year of continuous service. In addition, there were 52,837 shares of common stock available under our 1998 Employee Stock Purchase Plan, which have been made available for issuance under our Stock Purchase Plan. The Stock Purchase Plan provides for implementation of up to 10 annual offerings beginning on the first day of October starting in 2008, with each offering terminating on September 30 of the following year. Each annual offering may be divided into two six-month offerings. For each offering, the purchase price per share will be the lower of (i) 85% of the closing price of the common stock on the first day of the offering or (ii) 85% of the closing price of the common stock on the last day of the offering. The purchase price is paid through periodic payroll deductions not to exceed 10% of the participant s earnings during each offering period. However, no participant may purchase more than $25,000 worth of common stock annually. 
 We used the Black-Scholes model to estimate the fair value of options granted to purchase shares issued pursuant to the Stock Purchase Plan. The expected term of options granted is derived from the output of the option pricing model and represents the period  
 F-18 
 
 MARINEMAX, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
   
  of time that options granted are expected to be outstanding. Volatility is based on the historical volatility of our common stock. The risk-free rate for periods within the contractual term of the options is based on the U.S. Treasury yield curve in eff  ect at the time of grant.  
 The following are the weighted-average assumptions used for the fiscal years ended September 30, 

As of September 30, 2016, we had issued 767,950 shares of common stock under our Stock Purchase Plan. 

14.  RESTRICTED STOCK AWARDS: 
 We have granted non-vested (restricted) stock awards ( restricted stock ) and restricted stock units ( RSUs ) to employees and Officers pursuant to the 2011 Plan and the 2007 Plan. The restricted stock awards and RSUs have varying vesting periods, but generally become fully vested between two and four years after the grant date, depending on the specific award, performance targets met for performance based awards granted to Officers, and vesting period for time based awards. Officer performance based awards are granted at the target amount of shares that may be earned and the actual amount of the award earned generally could range from 0% to 200% of the target number of shares based on the actual specified performance target met. We accounted for the restricted stock awards granted using the measurement and recognition provisions of ASC 718. Accordingly, the fair value of the restricted stock awards, including performance based awards, is measured on the grant date and recognized in earnings over the requisite service period for each separately vesting portion of the award. 
 The following table summarizes restricted stock award activity from September 30, 2015 through September 30, 2016: 

As of September 30, 2016, we had approximately $4.2 million of total unrecognized compensation cost related to non-vested restricted stock awards. We expect to recognize that cost over a weighted-average period of 2.4 years. 

15.  NET INCOME PER SHARE: 
 The following is a reconciliation of the shares used in the denominator for calculating basic and diluted net income per share for the fiscal years ended September 30, 

F-19 
 
 MARINEMAX, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
   
  During the fiscal years ended September 30, 2014, 2015, and 2016 there were 1,144,600, 1,553,207, and 140,521 weighted average shares of options outstanding, respectively, that were not included in the co  mputation of diluted income per share because the options  exercise prices were greater than the average market price of our common stock, and therefore, their effect would be anti-dilutive.  

16.  COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES: 
 Lease Commitments 
 We lease certain land, buildings, machinery, equipment, and vehicles related to our dealerships under non-cancelable third-party operating leases. Certain of our leases include options for renewal periods and provisions for escalation. Rental expenses, including month-to-month rentals, were approximately $5.8 million, $6.0 million, and $7.1 million for the fiscal years ended September 30, 2014, 2015, and 2016, respectively. 
 Future minimum lease payments under non-cancelable operating leases as of September 30, 2016, were as follows: 

Other Commitments and Contingencies 
 We are party to various legal actions arising in the ordinary course of business. We believe that these matters should not have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows. 
 In fiscal 2014 we recognized a recovery of approximately $555,000, net of taxes and other expenses, respectively, from the Deepwater Horizon Settlement Program for damages suffered as a result of the Deepwater Horizon Oil Spill. The recovery was recorded as a reduction in selling, general, and administrative expenses on our consolidated statements of operations. While additional claims are outstanding, we cannot be certain of the amount of any further recovery. 
 During the fiscal years ended September 30, 2014, 2015, and 2016, we incurred costs associated with store closings and lease terminations of approximately $217,000, $581,000, and $0, respectively. These costs primarily related to the future minimum operating lease payments of the closed locations.  The store closings were a key component in our effort to better match our fixed costs with the decline in retail business caused by the soft economic conditions.  The store closing costs have been included in selling, general, and administrative expenses in the consolidated statements of operations during the fiscal years ended September 30, 2014, 2015, and 2016. 
 In connection with certain of our workers  compensation insurance policies, we maintain standby letters of credit for our insurance carriers in the amount of $1.0 million relating primarily to retained risk on our workers compensation claims. 
 We are subject to federal and state environmental regulations, including rules relating to air and water pollution and the storage and disposal of gasoline, oil, other chemicals and waste. We believe that we are in compliance with such regulations. 

17.  EMPLOYEE 401(k) PROFIT SHARING PLANS: 
 Employees are eligible to participate in our 401(k) Profit Sharing Plan (the  Plan ) following their 90-day introductory period starting either April 1 or October 1, provided that they are 21 years of age. Under the Plan, we match 25% of participants  contributions, up to a maximum of 5% of each participant s compensation. We contributed, under the Plan, or pursuant to previous similar plans, approximately $463,000, $605,000, and $713,000 for the fiscal years ended September 30, 2014, 2015, and 2016, respectively. 
 F-20 
 
 MARINEMAX, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

18.  QUARTERLY FINANCIAL DATA (UNAUDITED): 
 The following table sets forth certain unaudited quarterly financial data for each of our last eight quarters. The information has been derived from unaudited financial statements that we believe reflect all adjustments, consisting only of normal recurring adjustments, necessary for the fair presentation of such quarterly financial information. 

F-21  

<EX-21>
 2
 hzo-ex21_11.htm
 EX-21

hzo-ex21_11.htm

Exhibit 21  
  LIST OF SUBSIDIARIES  

Name   

State or Jurisdiction of 
 Incorporation or Organization  

MarineMax East, Inc. (1)  

Delaware  

MarineMax Services, Inc. (2)  

Delaware  

MarineMax Northeast, LLC (2)  

Delaware  

Boating Gear Center, LLC (2)  

Delaware  

US Liquidators, LLC (1)  

Delaware  

Newcoast Financial Services, LLC (2)  

Delaware  

My Web Services, LLC (1)  

Delaware  

MarineMax Charter Services, LLC (2)  

Delaware  

MarineMax Vacations, LTD (2)  

British Virgin Islands  

Gulfport Marina, LLC (2)  

Delaware  

(1)   
 
 Wholly owned subsidiary of MarineMax, Inc.    

(2)   
 
 Wholly owned subsidiary of MarineMax East, Inc.    

</EX-21>

<EX-23.1>
 3
 hzo-ex231_6.htm
 EX-23.1

hzo-ex231_6.htm

Exhibit 23.1  
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 The Board of Directors and Shareholders  MarineMax, Inc.: 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in the registration statements on Form S 8 (Nos. 333 141657, 333 83332, 333 63307, 333 156358 and 333 177019) of MarineMax, Inc. and subsidiaries of our reports dated December 6, 2016, with respect to the consolidated balance sheets of MarineMax, Inc. and subsidiaries as of September 30, 2016 and 2015 and the related statements of operations, stockholders  equity and cash flows for each of the years in the three year period ended September 30, 2016, and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2016 which reports appear in the September 30, 2016 annual report on Form 10 K of MarineMax, Inc. 

/s/ KPMG LLP  

Tampa, Florida 
 December 6, 2016 
 Certified Public Accountants 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 hzo-ex311_9.htm
 EX-31.1

hzo-ex311_9.htm

Exhibit 31.1  
 CERTIFICATION 
 I, William H. McGill Jr., certify that: 
 1. I have reviewed this report on Form 10-K of MarineMax, Inc.; 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
 a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
 b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
 c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
 d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
 a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize, and report financial information; and 
 b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

/s/ W illiam  H.  M c G ill , J r .   

William H.  McGill Jr.  

Chief Executive Officer  

(Principal Executive Officer)  

Date:  December 6, 2016  

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 hzo-ex312_7.htm
 EX-31.2

hzo-ex312_7.htm

Exhibit 31.2  
 CERTIFICATION 
 I, Michael H. McLamb, certify that: 
 1. I have reviewed this report on Form 10-K of MarineMax, Inc.; 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I am responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
 a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
 b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
 c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
 d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
 a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize, and report financial information; and 
 b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

/s/ M ichael  H.  M c L amb    

Michael H.  McLamb  

Chief Financial Officer  

(Principal Financial Officer)  

Date:  December 6, 2016  

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 hzo-ex321_10.htm
 EX-32.1

hzo-ex321_10.htm

Exhibit 32.1  
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C.  SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of MarineMax, Inc.  (the  Company ) for the year ended September 30, 2016, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, William H. McGill Jr., Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, to my best knowledge and belief, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.   1350, as adopted pursuant to   906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(2)   
 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.    

/s/ W illiam  H.  M c G ill  J r .  

William H.  McGill Jr.  

Chief Executive Officer  

Date: December 6, 2016  

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 7
 hzo-ex322_8.htm
 EX-32.2

hzo-ex322_8.htm

Exhibit 32.2  
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C.  SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of MarineMax, Inc.  (the  Company ) for the year ended September 30, 2016, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Michael H. McLamb, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, to my best knowledge and belief, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.   1350, as adopted pursuant to   906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(2)   
 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.    

/s/ M ichael  H.  M c L amb   

Michael H.  McLamb  

Chief Financial Officer  

Date: December 6, 2016  

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 9
 hzo-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 10
 hzo-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 11
 hzo-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 12
 hzo-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 13
 hzo-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 14
 hzo-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

