<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161027_10-Q_edgar_data_1502034_0001628280-16-020338_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>6496848</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>135243</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>374126</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2109613</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2751235</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>995482</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>46</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001628280-16-020338.hdr.sgml : 20161027
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161027070331
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001628280-16-020338
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		67
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161027
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161027

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			GNC HOLDINGS, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001502034
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	RETAIL-FOOD STORES [5400]
		IRS NUMBER:				208536244
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-35113
		FILM NUMBER:		161953876

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		300 SIXTH AVENUE
		CITY:			PITTSBURGH
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			15222
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(412) 288-4600

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		300 SIXTH AVENUE
		CITY:			PITTSBURGH
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			15222

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	GNC ACQUISITION HOLDINGS INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20100924

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001628280-16-020338.txt : 20161027

10-Q
 1
 gnc10-q3q2016.htm
 10-Q

Document 

Table of Contents  

UNITED STATES 
  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
  Washington, D.C. 20549 
    
  Form 10-Q 
    
  (Mark one) 

Commission File Number:    001-35113 
    
  GNC Holdings, Inc. 
  (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
    
                 Delaware 
    20-8536244 
      (State or other jurisdiction of 
    (I.R.S. Employer 
      Incorporation or organization) 
    Identification No.) 

300 Sixth Avenue 
    15222 
      Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania 
    (Zip Code) 
      (Address of principal executive offices) 

Registrant s telephone number, including area code:    (412) 288-4600 
    
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.     [   X   ] Yes [    ] No 
    
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).  
  [   X    ] Yes [    ] No 
    
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer or a smaller reporting company.  See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act: 
    
                     Large accelerated filer [  X  ] 
    Accelerated filer [   ] 
    Non-accelerated filer [   ] 
    Smaller reporting company [   ] 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). [      ] Yes  
  [   X   ] No 
    
  As of   October 25, 2016  , there were   68,399,989   outstanding shares of Class A common stock, par value $0.001 per share (the  common stock ), of GNC Holdings, Inc. 

Table of Contents  

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

PAGE 
       PART I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION  
       Item 1.  
     Financial Statements  

Unaudited Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 201   5 
      
    1 
        
     Unaudited Consolidated Statements of Income for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015  
      
    2 
        
     Unaudited Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015  
      
    3 
        
     Unaudited Consolidated Statements of Stockholders  Equity for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015  
      
    4 
        
     Unaudited Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015  
      
    5 
        
     Condensed Notes to Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements  
      
    7 

Item 2.  
     Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  
      
    24 
       Item 3.  
     Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk  
      
    39 
       Item 4.  
     Controls and Procedures  
      
    39 
       PART II - OTHER INFORMATION  
       Item 1.  
     Legal Proceedings  
      
    39 
       Item 1A.  
     Risk Factors  
      
    41 
       Item 2.  
     Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds  
      
    41 
       Item 3.  
     Defaults Upon Senior Securities  
      
    42 
       Item 4.  
     Mine Safety Disclosures  
      
    42 
       Item 5.  
     Other Information  
      
    42 
       Item 6.  
     Exhibits  
      
    43 
       Signatures  

44 

Table of Contents  

PART I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

Item 1. Financial Statements 

GNC HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  Consolidated Balance Sheets     
  (unaudited) 
  (in thousands) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 
  
   1 

Table of Contents  

GNC HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  Consolidated Statements of Income 
  (unaudited) 
  (in thousands, except per share amounts) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements  . 

2 

Table of Contents  

GNC HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 
  (unaudited) 
  (in thousands) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements  . 

3 

Table of Contents  

GNC HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  Consolidated Statements of Stockholders  Equity 
  (unaudited) 
  (in thousands) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 

4 

Table of Contents  

GNC HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
  (unaudited) 
  (in thousands) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 

5 

Table of Contents  

GNC HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  Supplemental Cash Flow Information 
  (unaudited) 
  (in thousands) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 

6 

Table of Contents  

GNC HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  Condensed Notes to the Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements 

NOTE 1.  NATURE OF BUSINESS 
    
  GNC Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation ( Holdings,  and collectively with its subsidiaries and, unless the context requires otherwise, its and their respective predecessors, the  Company ), is a global specialty retailer of health, wellness and performance products, including protein, performance supplements, weight management supplements, vitamins, herbs and greens, wellness supplements, health and beauty, food and drink and other general merchandise.   
    
  The Company is vertically integrated as its operations consist of purchasing raw materials, formulating and manufacturing products and selling the finished products through its   three   reportable segments, which effective in the second quarter of 2016 include U.S. and Canada, International, and Manufacturing / Wholesale (refer to Note 11, "Segments" for more information). Corporate retail store operations are located in the United States, Canada, Puerto Rico, China and, beginning with the acquisition of THSD d/b/a The Health Store ("The Health Store") in 2014, Ireland. In addition, the Company offers products on the Internet through its websites, GNC.com and LuckyVitamin.com. The Company also offered product on the Internet through its 2013 acquisition of A1 Sports Limited d/b/a Discount Supplements ( Discount Supplements ) up to and including December 31, 2015 when the assets of Discount Supplements were sold and operations were ceased. Franchise locations exist in the United States and approximately   50   other countries. The Company operates its primary manufacturing facilities in South Carolina and distribution centers in Arizona, Indiana, Pennsylvania and South Carolina. The Company manufactures the majority of its branded products, but also merchandises various third-party products. Additionally, the Company licenses the use of its trademarks and trade names. 
    
  The processing, formulation, packaging, labeling and advertising of the Company s products are subject to regulation by various federal agencies, including the Food and Drug Administration, the Federal Trade Commission, the Consumer Product Safety Commission, the United States Department of Agriculture and the Environmental Protection Agency. These activities are also regulated by various agencies of the states and localities in which the Company s products are sold. 

NOTE 2.  BASIS OF PRESENTATION  
    
  The accompanying unaudited consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with the applicable rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission, include all adjustments (consisting of a normal and recurring nature) that management considers necessary to fairly state the Company's results of operations, financial position and cash flows.  The December 31, 2015 consolidated balance sheet was derived from audited financial statements, but does not include all disclosures required by accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ( U.S. GAAP ). These interim consolidated financial statements should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and notes included in the Company s audited financial statements in its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015   ("2015 10-K").  Interim results are not necessarily indicative of the results that may be expected for the remainder of the year ending   December 31, 2016  . 
    
  Revision for Sublease Rent Income 
    
  The Company revised its presentation of sublease income received from its franchisees for prior year periods to conform to the current period s presentation with no impact on previously reported gross profit, operating income, net income, shareholders  equity or cash flow from operations.  The Company is the primary obligor of the leases for the majority of its franchise store locations and makes rental payments directly to the landlord and separately bills the franchisee for reimbursement.  Accordingly, beginning in the first quarter of 2016, sublease rental income received from franchisees is appropriately presented as  Revenue  compared with the previous presentation as a reduction to occupancy expense in  Cost of sales, including warehousing, distribution, and occupancy" on the consolidated statements of income.  In addition, the deferred rent asset associated with recognizing sublease rental income for lease agreements that contain escalation clauses, which are fixed and determinable, on a straight-line basis is now appropriately presented in  Other long-term assets  compared with the previous presentation as a reduction to the deferred rent liability in  Other long-term liabilities" on the consolidated balance sheets. This revision is not material to prior periods. 

7 

     Table of Contents  

The following table includes the revisions to the 2015 consolidated statements of income:  

The following table includes the revision to the consolidated balance sheet: 

(*)  Includes the adoption of ASU 2015-03 and 2015-15 relating to the presentation of deferred financing fees as described below, which reclassified $  3.3 million   of debt issuance costs from "Other long-term assets" to "Long-term debt" at December 31, 2015 on the consolidated balance sheet. 
    
  Correction of Prior Year Immaterial Error  
    
  During the quarter ended March 31, 2015, the Company identified a $  2.8 million   error relating to prior periods in the calculation of the portion of the accrued payroll liability relating to certain amounts paid to store employees. The impact of this error was not material to any prior period. Consequently, the Company corrected the error in the first quarter of 2015 by increasing "Selling, general and administrative" expense on the consolidated statement of income and "Deferred revenue and other current liabilities" on the consolidated balance sheet by $  2.8 million  . The impact to net income was a decrease of $  1.8 million   for the nine months ended September 30, 2015.  This correction had no impact on cash flows from operations for the prior year nine-month period. 
    
  Recently Adopted Accounting Pronouncements    
    
   In April 2015, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ("FASB") issued Accounting Standard Update ("ASU") 2015-03, which requires an entity to present debt issuance costs related to a recognized debt liability as a direct 
  reduction from the carrying amount of that debt liability, consistent with the treatment of debt discounts. This standard does not affect the recognition and measurement guidance for debt issuance costs. In August 2015, the FASB subsequently issued ASU 2015-15, which clarifies that ASU 2015-03 does not address the presentation of debt issuance costs related to line-of-credit arrangements. This standard is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2015. Accordingly, the Company adopted these standards during the first quarter of fiscal 2016, with retrospective application. Net debt issuance costs in the amount of   $3.3 million  , which were previously classified as "Other long-term assets" at December 31, 2015, were reclassified as a reduction to "Long-term debt" on the Company's consolidated balance sheet to conform to the current year presentation.  
  
   8 

     Table of Contents  

Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements     
       
  In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-09, which includes multiple provisions intended to simplify various aspects of accounting and reporting for share-based payments. Currently, the difference between the deduction for tax purposes and the compensation cost of a share-based payment award results in either an excess tax benefit or deficiency. These excess tax benefits are recognized in additional paid-in capital and tax deficiencies (to the extent there are previous tax benefits) are recognized as an offset to accumulated excess tax benefits. If no previous tax benefit exists, the deficiencies are recognized in the income statement. The changes require all excess tax benefits and tax deficiencies related to share-based payments be recognized as income tax expense or benefit in the income statement as opposed to equity. The excess tax benefit in the cash flow statement will also change from its current presentation as a financing activity to being classified with other income tax as an operating activity. This standard is effective for annual reporting periods, and interim periods therein, beginning after December 15, 2016. The Company does not expect the impact of this guidance to have a material impact on the consolidated financial statements.  
    
  In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-02, which requires lessees to recognize a right-of-use asset and a lease liability, initially measured at the present value of the lease payments for all leases with a term greater than 12 months. This standard is effective for annual reporting periods, and interim periods therein, beginning after December 15, 2018 and is required to be applied using a modified retrospective approach for all leases existing at, or entered into after, the beginning of the earliest comparative period presented. The Company has a significant number of leases, and as a result, expects this guidance to have a material impact on its consolidated balance sheet, the impact of which is currently being evaluated. 
    
  In November 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-17, which requires an entity to classify deferred tax assets and liabilities as noncurrent on the balance sheet. This standard is effective for annual reporting periods, and interim periods therein, beginning after December 15, 2016. The Company does not believe the adoption of this guidance will have a material effect on the consolidated financial statements. 
    
  In July 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-11, which requires an entity that determines the cost of inventory by methods other than last-in, first-out and the retail inventory method to measure inventory at the lower of cost and net realizable value. This standard is effective for annual reporting periods, and interim periods therein, beginning after December 15, 2016. The Company does not believe the adoption of this guidance will have a material effect on the Company s consolidated financial statements. 
    
  In May 2014, the FASB issued ASU 2014-09, which updates revenue recognition guidance relating to contracts with customers. This standard states that an entity should recognize revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. In August 2015, the FASB subsequently issued ASU 2015-14, which approved a one year deferral of ASU 2014-09 for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2017, including interim periods within that reporting period. The Company is currently evaluating the impact this guidance will have on the consolidated financial statements. 
    
  Other Revisions 
    
    In addition to the sublease rent revision and the adoption of ASU 2015-03 as explained above, certain amounts in the consolidated financial statements for prior year periods have been revised to conform to the current period's presentation. The impact to prior periods of these revisions was not significant with no impact on previously reported operating income, net income, cash flows from operations or stockholders' equity.  

9 

Table of Contents  

NOTE 3.  INVENTORY 
    
  The net realizable value of inventory consisted of the following: 

NOTE 4.  REFRANCHISING 
    
  Gains on Refranchising 
    
  The Company has begun to execute its previously announced refranchising strategy, which includes increasing the proportion of its domestic stores that are franchise locations.  During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, the Company refranchised   96   of its company-owned stores, including   six   refranchised during the three months ended September 30, 2016 and recorded refranchising gains of   $18.3 million  , of which   $0.4 million   related to the current quarter. The Company refranchised   five   and   12   stores, respectively, during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015 and recorded refranchising gains of   $0.9 million   and   $2.4 million   during the respective periods. 
    
  Refranchising gains are calculated by subtracting the carrying value of applicable assets disposed of from the sales proceeds. In addition, the initial franchise fee received is included in the gain along with any other costs incurred by the Company to get the underlying assets ready for sale.  The Company recognizes gains on refranchising after the asset purchase agreement is signed, the franchisee has taken possession of the store and management is satisfied that the franchisee can meet its financial obligations.   
    
  During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, the Company completed the refranchising of   84   stores to   one   franchisee for $  28.6 million   of net proceeds resulting in a gain of $  16.5 million  . The Company provided a short term promissory note as bridge financing while the franchisee secured third party bank loans. The demand note of $  23.0 million   was paid in July 2016, and together with a $  0.5 million   deposit and $  5.1 million   primarily related to inventory, resulted in a $  28.6 million   investing cash inflow in the nine months ending September 30, 2016. 
    
  Held for Sale 
    
  The Company classifies assets as held for sale when it commits to a plan to dispose of the assets by refranchising specific stores in their current condition at a price that is reasonable and the Company believes completing the sale within one year is probable without significant changes.  Assets held for sale are recorded at the lower of their carrying value or fair value, less costs to sell and depreciation is ceased on assets at the time they are classified as held for sale. During the quarter ended September 30, 2016, the Company reclassified   $1.8 million   of the applicable assets of   10   company-owned stores previously presented as held for sale within  Prepaid and other current assets  to "Inventory," "Goodwill" and "Property, plant and equipment, net" in the accompanying consolidated balance sheet as the Company no longer expects to sell these assets during the next 12 months.  
    
  Goodwill 
    
  In connection with the Company's change in reportable segments described in Note 11, "Segments," the Company's Domestic Retail and Domestic Franchise reporting units were combined into one Domestic Stores reporting unit, consistent with how the segment manager now reviews this business effective in the second quarter of 2016.  The amount of goodwill derecognized in a refranchising is determined by a fraction (the numerator of which is the fair value of the portion of the reporting unit being sold and the denominator of which is the fair value of the Domestic Stores reporting unit) that is applied to the total goodwill balance of the Domestic Stores reporting unit.  The fair value of the portion of the reporting unit sold is determined by the sales price, which is generally based on the discounted future cash flows expected to be generated by the franchisee.  Appropriate adjustments are made to the fair value determinations if such franchise agreement is determined to not be at prevailing market rates.  In connection with the  
  
   10 

     Table of Contents  

sale of   96   company-owned stores to franchisees during the nine months ended September 30, 2016, the Company derecognized $  3.6 million   of goodwill that was included in the carrying value of the assets sold.   

NOTE 5. GOODWILL AND OTHER LONG-LIVED ASSETS 
  Interim Impairment Test 
    Based on the Company's continued decline in operating results coupled with the sustained decrease in share price through September 30, 2016, management concluded a triggering event occurred in the current quarter requiring an interim goodwill impairment test for all of its reporting units as of September 30, 2016.  Based on the results of this interim test, management concluded that all of the Company's reporting units had fair values in excess of their respective carrying values.  Approximately $  12 million   of goodwill associated with the Lucky Vitamin reporting unit had an estimated fair value that exceeded its carrying value by less than   15%   consistent with the 2015 annual test performed.  If actual market conditions are less favorable than those projected, or if events occur or circumstances change that would reduce the fair value of the Lucky Vitamin reporting unit below its carrying value, an impairment charge may be recognized in a future period.  Management estimated the fair value of its reporting units using the discounted cash flow method (income approach).  Management also performed a quantitative impairment test for its indefinite-lived brand intangible assets and concluded that the fair values were in excess of their respective carrying values.  The relief from royalty method (income approach) was used to calculate the fair value of the Retail brand and the excess earnings method (income approach) was used to calculate the fair value of the Franchise brand. 
  Management also evaluated its definite-long-lived assets consisting of property, equipment and other intangible assets. This impairment test resulted in a   $3.0 million   charge related to certain of the Company's under-performing stores in the three months ended September 30, 2016 presented as "Long-lived asset impairments" in the accompanying statement of income within the U.S. and Canada segment. For individual under-performing stores and those stores with expected future losses, the impairment test was performed at the individual store level as this is the lowest level which identifiable cash flows are largely independent of other groups of assets and liabilities.  This test was performed by comparing estimated future undiscounted cash flows expected to result from the long-lived assets to the carrying value of the asset group, consisting of fixed assets and inventory.  Under-performing stores were generally defined as those with historical and expected future losses.  If the undiscounted estimated cash flows are less than the carrying value of the asset group, an impairment charge is calculated by subtracting the estimated fair value of property and equipment from its carrying value. Fair value is estimated using a discounted cash flow method (income approach) utilizing the undiscounted cash flows computed in the first step of the test.  
  Discount Supplements 
  During the third quarter of 2015, due to the declining financial performance and the Company s decision to review strategic options for the business a triggering event occurred requiring an interim goodwill impairment review of the Discount Supplements reporting unit as of September 30, 2015. The Company determined the fair value of the Discount Supplements reporting unit at September 30, 2015 using a discounted cash flow method (income approach).  
  As a result of the review, the Company concluded that the carrying value of the Discount Supplements reporting unit exceeded its fair value and proceeded to step two of the impairment analysis. Based on the results of step two, the Company concluded that this reporting unit was fully impaired; as a result, a goodwill impairment charge of   $23.3 million   was recorded in the third quarter of 2015. 
  As a result of the impairment indicators, the Company also performed an impairment analysis with respect to the definite-long-lived assets of Discount Supplements, consisting of trade name and website intangibles and property and equipment. The fair value of these assets were determined using various income approaches. Based on the results of the analyses, the Company recorded impairment charges of   $4.4 million   on the trade name and website intangible assets and   $0.6 million   on property and equipment. All of the aforementioned charges totaling   $28.3 million   were recorded in "Long-lived asset impairments" in the consolidated statement of income for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. 
  The Company sold Discount Supplements in the fourth quarter of 2015.   

11 

     Table of Contents  

Goodwill  
  The following table summarizes the Company's goodwill activity: 

Intangible Assets 
    
  Intangible assets other than goodwill consisted of the following: 

The following table reflects the gross carrying amount and accumulated amortization for each major intangible asset: 

12 

     Table of Contents  

The following table represents future estimated amortization expense of intangible assets with finite lives at September 30, 2016:  

NOTE 6.  LONG-TERM DEBT  
    
  Long-term debt consisted of the following:   

The Company maintains a   $1.2 billion   term loan facility (the  Term Loan Facility ) that matures in March 2019. The Company also maintains a   $300.0 million   revolving credit facility (the  Revolving Credit Facility  and, together with the Term Loan Facility, the  Senior Credit Facility ) that matures in September 2018 as described in more detail below.  
    
  At   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , the interest rate under the Term Loan Facility was   3.25%  . The Revolving Credit Facility had a weighted average interest rate of   2.7%   and   2.6%   at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively. At   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , the commitment fee on the undrawn portion of the Revolving Credit Facility was   0.5%  , and the fee on outstanding letters of credit was   2.50%  .  
    
  Refinancing of Revolving Credit Facility 
    
  The Company amended the Revolving Credit Facility on March 4, 2016, to extend its maturity from March 2017 to September 2018 and increase total availability from $  130.0 million   to $  300.0 million  .  In connection with this transaction, the Company incurred $  1.7 million   of costs, which were capitalized as deferred financing fees within "Other long-term assets" and will be amortized to interest expense over the new term of the Revolving Credit Facility.  At   September 30, 2016  , the Company had $  157.4 million   available under the Revolving Credit Facility, after giving effect to $  137.0 million   of borrowings outstanding and $  5.6 million   utilized to secure letters of credit. 
    
  Convertible Debt 
  Summary of Terms  . On August 10, 2015, the Company issued $  287.5 million   principal amount of   1.5%   convertible senior notes due 2020 (the  Notes ) in a private offering. The Notes are governed by the terms of an indenture between the Company and BNY Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as the Trustee (the "Indenture"). The Notes will mature on August 15, 2020, unless earlier purchased by the Company or converted. The Notes will bear interest at a rate of   1.5%   per annum, and additionally will be subject to special interest in connection with any failure of the Company to perform certain of its obligations under the Indenture. 
  
   13 

     Table of Contents  

The Notes are unsecured obligations and do not contain any financial covenants or restrictions on the payments of dividends, the incurrence of indebtedness or the issuance or repurchase of securities by the Company or any of its subsidiaries. Certain events are considered  events of default  under the Notes, which may result in the acceleration of the maturity of the Notes, as described in the indenture governing the Notes. The Notes are fully and unconditionally guaranteed by certain operating subsidiaries of the Company ( Subsidiary Guarantors ) and are subordinated to the Subsidiary Guarantors obligations from time to time with respect to the Senior Credit Facility and ranks equal in right of payment with respect to the Subsidiary Guarantor s other obligations. 
  The initial conversion rate applicable to the Notes is 15.1156 shares of common stock per   $1,000   principal amount of Notes, which is equivalent to an initial conversion price of approximately   $66.16   per share. The conversion rate will be subject to adjustment upon the occurrence of certain specified events, but will not be adjusted for any accrued and unpaid special interest. In addition, upon the occurrence of a  make-whole fundamental change" as defined in the Indenture, the Company will, in certain circumstances, increase the conversion rate by a number of additional shares for a holder that elects to convert its Notes in connection with such make-whole fundamental change. 
  Prior to May 15, 2020, the Notes will be convertible only under the following circumstances: (1) during any calendar quarter commencing after September 30, 2015, if, for at least   20   trading days (whether or not consecutive) during the   30   consecutive trading day period ending on the last trading day of the immediately preceding calendar quarter, the last reported sale price of the Company s common stock on such trading day is greater than or equal to   130%   of the applicable conversion price on such trading day; (2) during the   5   consecutive business day period after any   10   consecutive trading day period in which, for each day of that period, the trading price per $  1,000   principal amount of Notes for such trading day was less than   98%   of the product of the last reported sale price of the Company s common stock and the applicable conversion rate on such trading day; or (3) upon the occurrence of specified corporate transactions. On and after May 15, 2020, until the close of business on the second scheduled trading day immediately preceding the maturity date, holders may convert all or a portion of their Notes at any time, regardless of the foregoing circumstances. Upon conversion, the Notes will be settled, at the Company s election, in cash, shares of the Company s common stock, or a combination of cash and shares of the Company s common stock. If the Company has not delivered a notice of its election of settlement method prior to the final conversion period it will be deemed to have elected combination settlement with a dollar amount per note to be received upon conversion of $  1,000  . 
  The Notes consist of the following components: 

14 

     Table of Contents  

Interest Expense 
    
  Interest expense consisted of the following:   

NOTE 7.  FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS AND FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS 
  Accounting Standards Codification 820,   Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures   defines fair value as a market-based measurement that should be determined based on the assumptions that marketplace participants would use in pricing an asset or liability. As a basis for considering such assumptions, the standard establishes a three-tier fair value hierarchy which prioritizes the inputs used in measuring fair value as follows: 
               Level 1     observable inputs such as quoted prices in active markets for identical assets and liabilities; 
      Level 2     observable inputs such as quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities in active markets, quoted prices for identical or similar assets or liabilities in markets that are not active, other inputs that are observable, or can be corroborated by observable market data; and 
      Level 3     unobservable inputs for which there are little or no market data, which require the reporting entity to develop its own assumptions. 

The carrying amounts of cash and cash equivalents, receivables, accounts payable, accrued liabilities and the Revolving Credit Facility approximate their respective fair values.  Based on the interest rates currently available and their underlying risk, the carrying value of franchise notes receivable recorded in "Other long-term assets" approximates its fair value.  
  The carrying value and estimated fair value of the Term Loan Facility and Notes (excluding the equity component classified in stockholders' equity) were as follows: 

The fair value of the Term Loan Facility was determined using the instrument s trading value in markets that are not active, which are considered Level 2 inputs.  The fair value of the Notes was determined based on quoted market prices and bond terms and conditions, which are considered Level 2 inputs.  
  
   15 

     Table of Contents  

As described in Note 5, "Goodwill and Other Long-Lived Assets," the Company recorded asset impairments in the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015.  This resulted in property and equipment at certain of the Company's corporate stores at September 30, 2016 and goodwill and definite-long-lived assets of Discount Supplements (which was sold in the fourth quarter of 2015) at September 30, 2015 being measured at fair value on a non-recurring basis using Level 3 inputs. 

NOTE 8.  CONTINGENCIES   
    
  The Company is engaged in various legal actions, claims and proceedings arising in the normal course of business, including claims related to breach of contracts, product liabilities, intellectual property matters and employment-related matters resulting from the Company's business activities.  
    
  The Company records accruals for outstanding legal matters when it believes it is probable that a loss will be incurred and the amount of such loss can be reasonably estimated. The Company evaluates, on a quarterly basis, developments in legal matters that could affect the amount of any accrual and developments that would make a loss contingency both probable and reasonably estimable. If a loss contingency is not both probable and estimable, the Company does not establish an accrued liability.  During the three months ended September 30, 2016, the Company recorded   $5.1 million   in legal-related charges associated with a Pennsylvania fluctuating workweek wage issue, the Jason Olive case and a government regulation matter, the amounts of which were individually immaterial.  These items are explained in more detail below.  If the Company ultimately is required to make additional payments in connection with an adverse outcome in any of the matters discussed below, it is possible that it could have a material adverse effect on the Company's business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows.  
    
  The Company's contingencies are subject to substantial uncertainties, including for each such contingency the following, among other factors: (i) the procedural status of the case; (ii) whether the case has or may be certified as a class action suit; (iii) the outcome of preliminary motions; (iv) the impact of discovery; (v) whether there are significant factual issues to be determined or resolved; (vi) whether the proceedings involve a large number of parties and/or parties and claims in multiple jurisdictions or jurisdictions in which the relevant laws are complex or unclear; (vii) the extent of potential damages, which are often unspecified or indeterminate; and (viii) the status of settlement discussions, if any, and the settlement posture of the parties. Consequently, except as otherwise noted below with regard to a particular matter, the Company cannot predict with any reasonable certainty the timing or outcome of the legal matters described below, and the Company is unable to estimate a possible loss or range of loss. 
    
  As a manufacturer and retailer of nutritional supplements and other consumer products that are ingested by consumers or applied to their bodies, the Company has been and is currently subjected to various product liability claims. Although the effects of these claims to date have not been material to the Company, it is possible that current and future product liability claims could have a material adverse effect on its business or financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. The Company currently maintains product liability insurance with a deductible/retention of   $4.0 million   per claim with an aggregate cap on retained loss of   $10.0 million  . The Company typically seeks and has obtained contractual indemnification from most parties that supply raw materials for its products or that manufacture or market products it sells. The Company also typically seeks to be added, and has been added, as an additional insured under most of such parties  insurance policies.  The Company is also entitled to indemnification by Numico for certain losses arising from claims related to products containing ephedra or Kava Kava sold prior to December 5, 2003. However, any such indemnification or insurance is limited by its terms and any such indemnification, as a practical matter, is limited to the creditworthiness of the indemnifying party and its insurer, and the absence of significant defenses by the insurers. Consequently, the Company may incur material product liability claims, which could increase its costs and adversely affect its reputation, revenue and operating income. 
    
  Litigation 
    
  DMAA / Aegeline Claims  .    Prior to December 2013, the Company sold products manufactured by third parties that contained derivatives from geranium known as 1.3-dimethylpentylamine/dimethylamylamine/13-dimethylamylamine, or "DMAA," which were recalled from the Company's stores in November 2013, and/or Aegeline, a compound extracted from bael trees. As of September 30, 2016, the Company was named in   30   personal injury lawsuits involving products containing DMAA and/or Aegeline. 
  As a general matter, the proceedings associated with these personal injury cases, which generally seek indeterminate money damages, are in the early stages, and any losses that may arise from these matters are not probable or reasonably estimable at this time.  
  
   16 

     Table of Contents  

The Company is contractually entitled to indemnification by its third-party vendors with regard to these matters, although the Company s ability to obtain full recovery in respect of any such claims against it is dependent upon the creditworthiness of the vendors and/or their insurance coverage and the absence of any significant defenses available to its insurer. 
  California Wage and Break Claims.    In July 2011, Charles Brewer, on behalf of himself and all others similarly situated, sued General Nutrition Corporation in federal court, alleging state and federal wage and hour claims. In October 2011, plaintiff filed an   eight  -count amended complaint alleging, among other matters, meal, rest break and overtime violations on behalf of sales associates and store managers. In January 2013, the Court conditionally certified a Fair Labor Standards Act ("FLSA") class with respect to one of Plaintiff's claims, and in November 2014, the Court granted in part and denied in part the plaintiff's motion to certify a California class and granted the Company's motion for decertification of the FLSA class.  In May 2015, plaintiffs filed a motion for partial summary judgment as to the Company's alleged liability for non-compliant wage statements, which was granted in part and denied in part in September 2015. On February 5, 2016, the Company and attorneys representing the putative class agreed to class-wide settlements of the Brewer case and an additional, immaterial case raising similar claims, pursuant to which the Company agreed to pay up to $  9.5 million   in the aggregate, including attorneys  fees and costs. Following a hearing on August 23, 2016, the Court approved the settlement agreement and dismissed the case with prejudice. As a result of this settlement, the Company recorded a charge of   $6.3 million   in the fourth quarter of 2015, in addition to   $3.2 million   previously accrued in the first quarter of 2015.   
  On February 29, 2012, former Senior Store Manager, Elizabeth Naranjo, individually and on behalf of all others similarly situated, sued General Nutrition Corporation in the Superior Court of the State of California for the County of Alameda. The complaint contains   eight   causes of action, alleging, among other matters, meal, rest break and overtime violations.  As of September 30, 2016, an   immaterial   liability has been accrued in the accompanying financial statements.  
  Pennsylvania Fluctuating Workweek  .  On September 18, 2013, Tawny Chevalier and Andrew Hiller commenced a class action in the Court of Common Pleas of Allegheny County, Pennsylvania. Plaintiff asserted a claim against the Company for a purported violation of the Pennsylvania Minimum Wage Act (PMWA), challenging the Company s utilization of the  fluctuating workweek  method to calculate overtime compensation, on behalf of all employees who worked for the Company in Pennsylvania and who were paid according to the fluctuating workweek method.  In October 2014, the Court entered an order holding that the use of the fluctuating workweek method violated the PMWA.  In September 2016, the Court entered judgment in favor of Plaintiffs and the class in an immaterial amount, which has been recorded as a charge in the quarter ended September 30, 2016 in the accompanying consolidated financial statements.  Plaintiffs subsequently filed a petition for an award of attorney s fees, costs and incentive payments; that petition is pending.  The Company appealed from the adverse judgment; the appeal is pending.   
    
  Jason Olive v. General Nutrition Corp.   In April 2012, Jason Olive filed a complaint in the Superior Court of California, County of Los Angeles, for misappropriation of likeness in which he alleges that the Company continued to use his image in stores after the expiration of the license to do so in violation of common law and California statutes. Mr. Olive is seeking compensatory, punitive and statutory damages and attorneys  fees and costs. The trial in this matter began on July 20, 2016 and concluded on August 8, 2016.  The jury awarded plaintiff immaterial amounts for actual damages and emotional distress damages, which are accrued in the Company's accompanying financial statements.  The jury refused to award plaintiff any of the profits he sought to disgorge, or punitive damages. The court has not yet entered judgment in the case.  In addition to the verdict, the Company expects Mr. Olive to seek attorneys  fees and other costs in a total amount as yet unknown to the Company; because this amount cannot be reasonably estimated at this time, no amount has been accrued in the financial statements.  
    
    Oregon Attorney General.    On  October 22, 2015, the Attorney General for the State of Oregon sued General Nutrition Corporation in Multnomah County Circuit Court for alleged violations of Oregon s Unlawful Trade Practices Act, in connection with its sale in Oregon of certain third-party products, which was amended on September 19, 2016 to add allegations related to products containing DMAA and oxilofrine.  The Company intends to continue to vigorously defend against all of these allegations.  As any losses that may arise from this matter are not probable or reasonably estimable at this time,   no   liability has been accrued in the accompanying interim consolidated financial statements.  Moreover, the Company does not anticipate that any such losses are likely to have a material impact on the Company, its business or results of operations.  The Company is contractually entitled to indemnification and defense by its third-party vendors. Ultimately, however, the Company's ability to obtain full recovery in respect of any such claims against it is dependent upon the creditworthiness of its vendors and/or their insurance coverage and the absence of any significant defenses available to their insurers. 

17 

     Table of Contents  

Government Regulation 
    
  I  n November 2013, the Company received a subpoena from the U.S. Department of Justice ( DOJ ) for information related to its investigation of a third party product vendor, USP Labs, LLC.  GNC fully cooperated with the investigation of the vendor and the related products, all of which were discontinued by GNC in 2013.  In October 2016, the Company reached agreement in principle with DOJ in connection with the Company s cooperation; which agreement would acknowledge GNC relied on the representations and written guarantees of USP Labs and GNC s representation that it did not knowingly sell products not in compliance with the FDCA. Under the agreement, which would include an immaterial payment to the federal government, GNC will take a number of actions to broaden industry-wide knowledge of prohibited ingredients and improve compliance by vendors of third party products. These actions are in keeping with the leadership role GNC has taken in setting industry quality and compliance standards, and GNC s commitment over the course of the agreement (  60 months  ) to support a combination of GNC and industry initiatives. 
    
  Environmental Compliance 
    
  In March 2008, the South Carolina Department of Health and Environmental Control (the "DHEC") requested that the Company investigate contamination associated with historical activities at its South Carolina facility. These investigations have identified chlorinated solvent impacts in soils and groundwater that extend offsite from the facility. The Company entered into a Voluntary Cleanup Contract with the DHEC regarding the matter on September 24, 2012. Pursuant to such contract, the Company is completing additional investigations with the DHEC's approval. The Company installed and began operating a pilot vapor extraction system under a portion of the facility in the second half of 2016, which was an immaterial cost to the Company, with DHEC s approval to assess the effectiveness of such a remedial system.  At this stage of the investigation, however, it is not possible to estimate the timing and extent of any additional remedial action that may be required, the ultimate cost of remediation, or the amount of the Company's potential liability, therefore   no   liability is recorded.  
    
  In addition to the foregoing, the Company is subject to numerous federal, state, local and foreign environmental and health and safety laws and regulations governing its operations, including the handling, transportation and disposal of the Company's non-hazardous and hazardous substances and wastes, as well as emissions and discharges from its operations into the environment, including discharges to air, surface water and groundwater. Failure to comply with such laws and regulations could result in costs for remedial actions, penalties or the imposition of other liabilities. New laws, changes in existing laws or the interpretation thereof, or the development of new facts or changes in their processes could also cause the Company to incur additional capital and operating expenditures to maintain compliance with environmental laws and regulations and environmental permits. The Company is also subject to laws and regulations that impose liability and cleanup responsibility for releases of hazardous substances into the environment without regard to fault or knowledge about the condition or action causing the liability. Under certain of these laws and regulations, such liabilities can be imposed for cleanup of previously owned or operated properties, or for properties to which substances or wastes that were sent in connection with current or former operations at its facilities. The presence of contamination from such substances or wastes could also adversely affect the Company's ability to sell or lease its properties, or to use them as collateral for financing. From time to time, the Company has incurred costs and obligations for correcting environmental and health and safety noncompliance matters and for remediation at or relating to certain of the Company's properties or properties at which the Company's waste has been disposed. However, compliance with the provisions of national, state and local environmental laws and regulations has not had a material effect upon the Company's capital expenditures, earnings, financial position, liquidity or competitive position. The Company believes it has complied with, and is currently complying with, its environmental obligations pursuant to environmental and health and safety laws and regulations and that any liabilities for noncompliance will not have a material adverse effect on its business, financial performance or cash flows. However, it is difficult to predict future liabilities and obligations, which could be material.  

18 

Table of Contents  

NOTE 9. EARNINGS PER SHARE 
  The following table represents the Company's basic and dilutive weighted-average shares: 

The following awards were not included in the computation of diluted EPS because the impact of applying the treasury stock method was antidilutive or because certain conditions have not been met with respect to the Company's performance-based and market-based awards.   

The Company has the intent and ability to settle the principal portion of its Notes in cash, and as such, has applied the treasury stock method, which has resulted in all underlying convertible shares being anti-dilutive as the Company's average stock price in the current quarter is less than the conversion price.  Refer to Note 6, "Long-term debt" for more information on the Notes. 

NOTE 10.  STOCK-BASED COMPENSATION PLANS AND SHARE REPURCHASE PROGRAM 
    
  Stock and Incentive Plans 
    
  The Company has outstanding stock-based compensation awards that were granted by the Compensation and Organizational Development Committee (the  Compensation Committee ) of Holdings  board of directors (the "Board") under the following two stock-based employee compensation plans: 

Both plans have provisions allowing for the granting of stock options, restricted stock and other stock-based awards and are available to eligible employees, directors, consultants or advisers as determined by the Compensation Committee. The Company will not grant any additional awards under the 2007 Stock Plan. Up to   11.5 million   shares of common stock may be issued under the 2015 Stock plan (subject to adjustment to reflect certain transactions and events specified in the 2015 Stock Plan for any award grant), of which   7.2 million   shares remain available for issuance as of September 30, 2016.  
  
   19 

     Table of Contents  

The following table sets forth a summary of all stock-based compensation awards outstanding under all plans: 

Stock-Based Compensation Activity 
    
  During the nine months ended   September 30, 2016  , the Company granted the following stock-based compensation awards:  

Time-based stock options vest   25%   per year over a period of   four   years and the fair value was determined using the Black-Scholes model.  Key assumptions used for the options granted during the current year period include a dividend yield between   2.31%     and     3.80%  , an expected term of   6.3   years, volatility between   30.1%   and   30.7%  , and a risk-free rate between   1.27%     and   1.90%  .  Time-based restricted stock awards vest   one-third   per year over a period of   three   years.  
    
  Market-based awards vest at the end of a   three  -year period based upon total shareholder return compared with that of a selected group of peer companies. Total shareholder return is defined as share price appreciation plus the value of dividends paid during the   three  -year vesting period. Fair value of these awards was determined using a Monte Carlo simulation, which requires various inputs and assumptions, including the Company's common stock price. Compensation cost for these awards is recognized regardless of whether the market condition is achieved. Vested shares may range from   0%   to   200%   of the original target. Key assumptions used in the Monte Carlo simulation for the awards granted during the year include peer group volatility of   34.2%   and a risk-free rate of   0.89%  . 
    
  The above awards granted during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 will result in compensation expense of   $13.7 million  , net of expected forfeitures, over the service period from the applicable grant date through the date of vesting. 
    
  The Company recognized   $4.2 million   and   $1.7 million   of total non-cash stock-based compensation expense for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   and 2015, respectively and   $7.2 million   and   $4.7 million   for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. At   September 30, 2016  , there was approximately   $13.0 million   of total unrecognized compensation cost related to non-vested stock-based compensation, net of expected forfeitures, for all awards previously made that are expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of approximately   1.6 years  .  
    
  On July 28, 2016, the Company announced the departure from the Company and resignation from the Board of Michael G. Archbold, its former Chief Executive Officer, effective July 27, 2016. During the three months ended   September 30, 2016   in connection with Mr. Archbold's departure, the Company recognized   $4.5 million   in severance expense of which   $2.3 million   relates to the acceleration of non-cash stock-based compensation. 

20 

     Table of Contents  

Share Repurchase Program 
    
  In August 2015, the Board approved a   $500.0 million   multi-year repurchase program in addition to the   $500.0 million   multi-year program approved in August 2014, bringing the aggregate share repurchase program to   $1.0 billion   of Holdings' common stock. Holdings repurchased   $229.2 million   of common stock during the nine months ended   September 30, 2016   and has utilized   $802.2 million   of the current repurchase program.  As of   September 30, 2016  ,   $197.8 million   remains available for purchase under the program.    

NOTE 11.  SEGMENTS 
    
  The Company s refranchising strategy, which is increasing the proportion of domestic stores that are franchise locations in 2016 and beyond, has resulted in a change in the Company s organizational structure and the financial reporting utilized by the Company s chief operating decision maker (its chief executive officer) to assess performance and allocate resources; as a result, the Company's reportable segments have changed effective in the second quarter of 2016.  The Company believes that the new segments better present management s new view of the business.      
    
  The Company aggregates its operating segments into   three   reportable segments, which effective in the second quarter of 2016, include U.S. and Canada, International and Manufacturing / Wholesale. In connection with the change in the Company's segment reporting, warehousing and distribution costs have been allocated to each reportable segment, as appropriate. The Company's chief operating decision maker evaluates segment operating results based primarily on performance indicators, including revenue and operating income. Operating income of each reportable segment excludes certain items that are managed at the consolidated level, such as corporate costs. The Manufacturing / Wholesale segment manufactures and sells product to the U.S. and Canada and International segments at cost with a markup, which is eliminated at consolidation. The following table shows the new reportable segments compared with the previous reporting structure. 
                   Old 
      
    New 
      Segment:   Retail                                                                     Includes:   Company-owned stores in the U.S., Puerto Rico and Canada, The Health Store and e-commerce  including Discount Supplements, which was sold in the fourth quarter of 2015 
      
    Segment:   U.S. and Canada 
  Includes:   Company-owned stores in the U.S., Puerto Rico and Canada, franchise stores in the U.S. and e-commerce 

Segment:   Franchise 
  Includes:   Domestic and international franchise locations and China operations 
      
    Segment:   International   Includes:   Franchise locations in approximately 50 countries, The Health Store and China operations 

Segment:   Manufacturing / Wholesale 
  Includes:   Manufactured product sold to our other segments, third-party contract manufacturing and sales to wholesale partners 
      
    Segment:   Manufacturing / Wholesale 
  Includes:   Manufactured product sold to our other segments, third-party contract manufacturing and sales to wholesale partners (no change from old) 

Other 
  Includes:   Discount Supplements, an e-commerce business which was sold in the fourth quarter of 2015 

21 

     Table of Contents  

The following table represents key financial information for each of the Company's reportable segments.  Refer to Note 2, "Basis of Presentation" for a description of the prior period revision associated with sublease rent income.  

(*) Prior periods have been revised to present the Company's new reportable segments. 
  
   22 

Table of Contents  

NOTE 12.  INCOME TAXES 
    
  The Company recognized   $17.2 million   of income tax expense (or   34.7%   of pre-tax income) during the three months ended   September 30, 2016   compared with   $22.6 million   (or   33.1%   of pre-tax income) in the prior year quarter. The Company recognized $  82.9 million   of income tax expense (or   36.0%   of pre-tax income) during the nine months ended   September 30, 2016   compared with $  96.1 million   (or   35.3%   of pre-tax income) for the same period in 2015.  The Company's tax rate is based on income, statutory tax rates and tax planning opportunities available in the jurisdictions in which it operates. 
    
  As described in Note 5, "Goodwill and Other Long-Lived Assets, Net," the Company recorded a $  28.3 million   long-lived asset impairment in the prior year quarter related to the Discount Supplements business. The Company fully reduced the deferred income tax assets relating to net operating loss carryforwards of Discount Supplements by a valuation allowance the result of which was not material to the prior quarter results. The Company recorded a discrete tax benefit of $  11.6 million   in the prior year quarter due to the effect of an anticipated worthless stock deduction resulting from excess tax basis in the common shares of Discount Supplements. 
    
  At   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , the Company had   $6.4 million   and   $7.3 million   of unrecognized tax benefits, respectively, excluding interest and penalties, which if recognized, would affect the effective tax rate. The Company's liability for uncertain tax positions decreased by $  3.1 million   during the three month period ended September 30, 2015 due in part to the expiration of certain statutes of limitation with respect to the 2011 fiscal year. The Company recognizes accrued interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits in income tax expense. The Company accrued   $2.3 million   and   $1.8 million   at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively, for potential interest and penalties associated with uncertain tax positions. To the extent interest and penalties are not assessed with respect to the ultimate settlement of uncertain tax positions, amounts previously accrued will be reversed as a reduction to income tax expense. 
    
  Holdings files a consolidated federal tax return and various consolidated and separate tax returns as prescribed by the tax laws of the state, local and international jurisdictions in which it and its subsidiaries operate. The statutes of limitation for the Company s U.S. federal income tax returns are closed for years through 2011. The Company's 2010 and 2011 federal income tax returns have been examined by the Internal Revenue Service.  The Internal Revenue Service closed the examination without making any material adjustments to the returns.  The Company has various state and local jurisdiction tax years open to possible examination (the earliest open period is generally 2011), and the Company also has certain state and local tax filings currently under audit.  

NOTE 13. SUBSEQUENT EVENTS 
    
  On October 21, 2016, the Company announced that its Board authorized and declared a cash dividend for the fourth quarter of   2016   of   $0.20   per share of common stock, payable on or about December 30, 2016 to stockholders of record as of the close of business on December 16, 2016.  

23 

Table of Contents  

Item 2.   Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
    
  The following Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations should be read in conjunction with Item 1,  Financial Statements  of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. The following information presented for the   three   and   nine   months ended   September 30,     2016   and   2015   was prepared by management, is unaudited, and was derived from our unaudited consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. In the opinion of management, all adjustments necessary for a fair statement of our financial position and operating results for such periods and as of such dates have been included.  Effective in the second quarter of 2016, we changed our reportable segments as described in more detail under "Change in Reportable Segments" below. 

Forward-Looking Statements 
    
  This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and any documents incorporated by reference herein or therein include forward-looking statements within the meaning of federal securities laws.  Forward-looking statements include statements that may relate to our plans, objectives, goals, strategies, future events, future revenues or performance, capital expenditures, financing needs and other information that is not historical information.  Forward-looking statements can often be identified by the use of terminology such as  subject to,   believe,   anticipate,   plan,   potential,   predict,   expect,   intend,   estimate,   project,   may,   will,   should,   would,   continue,   seek,   could,   can,   think,  the negatives thereof, variations thereon and similar expressions, or by discussions of strategy. 
    
  All forward-looking statements, including, without limitation, our examination of historical operating trends, are based upon our current expectations and various assumptions. We believe there is a reasonable basis for our expectations and beliefs, but they are inherently uncertain. We may not realize our expectations, and our beliefs may not prove correct. Actual results could differ materially from those described or implied by such forward-looking statements. The following uncertainties and factors, among others including, but not limited to, those we describe under the caption  Risk Factors  in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and our 2015 10-K, could affect future performance and cause actual results to differ materially from those matters expressed in or implied by forward-looking statements: 

significant and growing competition in our industry; 
                
    unfavorable publicity or consumer perception of our industry or products, as well as general changes in consumer behaviors and trends; 
                
    increases in the cost of borrowings and limitations on availability of additional debt or equity capital; 
                
    our debt levels and restrictions in our debt agreements; 
                
    incurrence of material product liability and product recall costs; 
                
    loss or retirement of key members of management; 
                
    costs of compliance or any failure on our part to comply with new and existing governmental regulations governing our products, including, but not limited to, proposed dietary supplement legislation and regulations; 
                
    changes in our tax obligations; 
                
    costs of litigation or investigations involving our company and any failure to successfully defend lawsuits and other claims against us; 
                
    failure of our franchisees to conduct their operations profitably and limitations on our ability to terminate or replace under-performing franchisees; 
                
    economic, political and other risks associated with our international operations, including fluctuations in foreign exchange rates relative to the U.S. dollar; 
                
    failure to keep pace with the demands of our customers for new products and services; 
                
    limitations of or disruptions in our manufacturing system or losses of manufacturing certifications; 
                
    limitations of or disruptions in our distribution network; 
     
   24 

     Table of Contents  

lack of long-term experience with human consumption of ingredients in some of our products; 
                
    increases in the frequency and severity of insurance claims, particularly claims for which we are self-insured; 
                
    failure to adequately protect or enforce our intellectual property rights against competitors; 
                
    changes in raw material costs and pricing of our products; 
                
    failure to successfully execute our growth strategy, including any inability to successfully launch our revised pricing strategy and enhance our customer loyalty program, any delays in our planned future growth, any inability to expand our franchise operations or attract new franchisees, any inability to expand our company-owned retail operations, any inability to grow our international footprint, or any inability to expand our e-commerce business; 
                
    any failure by our current marketing initiatives to timely produce the results that we anticipate; 
                
    changes in applicable laws relating to our franchise operations; 
                
    damage or interruption to our information systems; 
                
    risks and costs associated with data loss, credit card fraud and identity theft; 
                
    impact of current economic conditions on our business; 
                
    unusually adverse weather conditions; 
                
    natural disasters, pandemic outbreaks, boycotts, and geo-political events; and 
                
    failure to maintain effective internal controls. 
     Consequently, forward-looking statements should be regarded solely as our current plans, estimates and beliefs. You should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements. We cannot guarantee future results, events, levels of activity, performance or achievements. We do not undertake and specifically decline any obligation to update, republish or revise forward-looking statements to reflect future events or circumstances or to reflect the occurrences of unanticipated events. 

Business Overview 
    
    We are a global specialty retailer of health, wellness and performance products, including protein, performance supplements, weight management supplements, vitamins, herbs and greens, wellness supplements, health and beauty, food and drink and other general merchandise. We derive our revenues principally from: product sales through our company-owned stores; the Internet through our websites, GNC.com and LuckyVitamin.com; domestic and international franchise activities; and sales of products manufactured in our facilities to third parties. We sell products through a worldwide network of more than 9,000 locations operating under the GNC brand name. 
  Despite recent significant challenges explained below under "Executive Overview," we benefit from several competitive strengths that we believe position us to drive our business, including our: 
             
    well-recognized brand; 
                
    stable base of long-term customers; 
                
    highly leveragable business model; 
                
    unique product offerings and innovation capabilities;  
                
    geographically diverse store base; 
                
    vertically integrated operations; 
                
    differentiated service model designed to enhance the customer experience; and 
                
    highly experienced management team.   
     
   25 

Table of Contents  

Executive Overview 
    
  Foundationally, we remain focused on a customer-centric evolution of our brand and culture defined by core principles that we believe enable GNC to foster one-to-one customer engagement and encourages our sales associates to become trusted advisors to their customers.  These principles include development of: 

meaningful, long-term connections with our customers; 
                
    deep expertise in health, wellness and performance; 
                
    solutions tailored to meet our customers  unique goals; 
                
    a best-in-class shopping experience; and 
                
    customer-driven decision making and rigorous quality standards.   
     While our business remains profitable and we continue to recognize strong cash flow, with approximately 95% of our company-owned stores' cash flow exceeding our weighted-average cost of capital, we also have faced recent challenges to our business, including: increased competition; intensified regulatory and other governmental scrutiny, including inquiries from state attorneys general, and negative media coverage of our industry; year-over-year declines in same store sales; and consequently, heightened volatility in the trading price of our common stock.  
  In an attempt to reverse adverse trends that our business is currently experiencing and improve traffic to our stores, we are focused on the following:  
             
    Pricing and loyalty programs.    the launch of a pilot program centered on single-tier pricing and a free loyalty program which we anticipate expanding system wide in the U.S. by 2017, which includes the following; 
                
    Implementing a revised pricing strategy  .  Early in 2016, we launched an intensive effort to develop and implement an improved pricing strategy in our domestic stores. In the third quarter of 2016, we launched a pilot of a single-tier pricing model thereby eliminating the multi-tiered pricing which we believe was causing confusion in the marketplace. We expect the results of this initiative to be evident in 2017 and beyond.  In addition, in the third quarter of 2016, we aligned pricing and promotions on GNC.com to our stores, eliminated web-only promotions and eliminated the ability to make bulk purchases from our website.  Although these changes had a significant impact on same store sales, we believe they are essential to improving the overall strength of our business; and 
                
    Enhancing our customer loyalty program  .  Historically GNC s Gold Card loyalty program was intricately tied to the company s multi-tiered pricing strategy.  In the third quarter of 2016, we also launched a pilot of a new, free loyalty program, effectively decoupling the loyalty program from product pricing. Following extensive customer research during 2015, we believe that a free loyalty program focused on the accumulation of points is an important step for building a more regular and meaningful connection with our customers.  We expect the results of this initiative to be evident in 2017 and beyond; 
                
    Marketing effectiveness  . continued development of a precise plan on marketing spend across channels to improve the overall effectiveness in capturing the customers we are seeking, as well as improving our call to action messages designed to increase traffic and visits by new and existing customers;   
                
    Product innovation.   increasing our flow of new, innovative GNC branded and third party products that attract new customers; and  
                
    Improving the customer experience  .  improvement in product availability and in-store elements of differentiation for the consumer that could include faster transaction times, more knowledgeable associates and an improved omni-channel availability for the consumer.  
     In addition to the above, we continue to focus on our other strategic initiatives, which remain the following:  
             
    Raising industry standards through the creation of an industry-wide coalition  . We remain focused, together with other industry leaders and industry trade associations, on initiatives begun in 2015 to build an industry-led coalition aimed at raising the bar for quality and compliance throughout the dietary supplement industry. Coalition initiatives include: developing standardized raw material  good manufacturing practices  ( GMPs ), including  farm to factory  traceability standards; creating a product-registry database accessible to industry participants, consumers and the FDA; establishing minimum certification standards for manufacturing facilities, including an annual facility inspection process and product quality seals, and providing media support for a  
     
   26 

     Table of Contents  

coordinated industry including positive messaging with accurate product information to help change the narrative around our industry. We believe that over time, these initiatives will prove beneficial for the industry, for the FDA and other regulators, and lead to substantial improvement in regulatory and consumer trust and confidence in our industry. 
             
    Executing our refranchising strategy  .  We have undertaken an accelerated drive to increase the proportion of our domestic stores that are franchise locations, which we expect to accomplish both by increasing the proportion of new stores that are franchise locations and by transitioning company-owned stores to franchise locations.  We are currently targeting a balanced portfolio of domestic company-owned and franchise locations over the next three to four years, beginning in 2016.  As part of this effort, we remain focused on creating and nurturing franchise partnerships that support our brand image.  We believe that this strategy can result in significant value creation for our stockholders.  During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, we refranchised 96 company-owned stores to franchisees.  
     We believe that our combined efforts on these fronts will enable us to better leverage the competitive strengths that remain at the core of our business and will drive future success. 
  Recent Trends and Uncertainties 
    
  The following trends and uncertainties in our industry could affect our operating performance as follows: 
             
    broader consumer awareness of health and wellness issues and rising healthcare costs may increase the use of the products we offer and positively affect our operating performance; 
                
    interest in, and demand for, condition-specific products based on scientific research may positively affect our operating performance if we can timely develop and offer such condition-specific products; 
                
    the effects of favorable and unfavorable publicity on consumer demand with respect to the products we offer may have similarly favorable or unfavorable effects on our operating performance; 
                
    a lack of long-term experience with human consumption of ingredients in some of our products could create uncertainties with respect to the health risks, if any, related to the consumption of such ingredients and negatively affect our operating performance; 
                
    increased costs and other demands associated with heightened regulatory scrutiny, including but not limited to complying with new and existing governmental regulation, and/or legal challenges associated with products that we sell may negatively affect our operating performance;  
                
    consolidation within our industry and increasing participation in our market by mass market and internet retailers and consumer product manufacturers could continue to intensify competition within our industry and could continue to negatively affect our market performance; 
                
    a decline in disposable income available to consumers may lead to a reduction in consumer spending and negatively affect our operating performance; and 
                
    an aging population in the United States may positively impact sales of some of the products that we offer.  
     Key Indicators 
    
  We evaluate segment operating results based on several indicators. The primary key performance indicators are revenues and operating income for each segment. Revenues and operating income, as evaluated by our chief operating decision maker (our chief executive officer), exclude certain items that are managed at the consolidated level, such as corporate costs. The following discussion compares the revenues and the operating income by segment, as well as those items excluded from the segment totals. 
  Same store sales growth represents the percentage change in same store point-of-sale retail sales in the period presented compared with the prior year period. Same store sales are calculated on a daily basis for each store and exclude the net sales of a store for any period if the store was not open during the same period of the prior year. We include our internet sales of GNC.com in our domestic retail company-owned same store sales calculation and effective January 1, 2016 we are excluding Drugstore.com, which does not have a significant impact. When a store's square footage has been changed as a result of reconfiguration or relocation in the same mall or shopping center, the store continues to be treated as a same store. If, during the period presented, a store was closed, relocated to a different mall or shopping center, or converted to a franchise store or a company-owned store, sales from that store  
  
   27 

     Table of Contents  

up to and including the closing day or the day immediately preceding the relocation or conversion are included as same store sales as long as the store was open during the same period of the prior year. We exclude sales during the period presented that occurred on or after the date of relocation to a different mall or shopping center or the date of a conversion. 
  
   28 

Table of Contents  

Results of Operations 
    
  (Expressed as a percentage of total consolidated revenue) 

Note: The presentation of certain immaterial amounts in our consolidated financial statements of prior periods have been revised to conform to the current periods presented.  Specifically, sublease rental income received from franchisees is presented as  Revenue  compared with the previous presentation as a reduction to occupancy expense in  Cost of sales, including warehousing, distribution, and occupancy.   This revision has no impact on operating income.  For additional information regarding this revision, see Item 1, "Financial Statements," Note 2, "Basis of Presentation" under "Revision for Sublease Rent Income." 

29 

     Table of Contents  

The following table summarizes our stores for the periods indicated: 

_______________________________________________________________________________ 
  (a) Includes Canada. 
  (b) Stores that were acquired from franchisees and subsequently converted into company-owned stores. 
  (c) Company-owned store locations sold to franchisees. 
  (d) Includes franchise locations in approximately 50 countries (including distribution centers where sales are made) and company-owned stores located in Ireland (The Health Store) and China. 

30 

Table of Contents  

Comparison of the   Three Months Ended     September 30, 2016   (current quarter) and   2015   (prior year quarter) 
    
  Revenues 
    
  Our consolidated net revenues decreased   $55.4 million  , or   8.1%  , to   $628.0 million   for the   three   months ended   September 30, 2016   compared with   $683.4 million   for the same period in   2015  . The decrease was the result of lower sales in all of our segments. 
    
  U.S. and Canada.      Revenues in our U.S. and Canada segment decreased   $39.8 million  , or   7.0%  , to   $525.5 million   for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   compared with   $565.3 million   in the prior year quarter.  Negative domestic retail same store sales of   8.5%  , which includes GNC.com, resulted in a $35.2 million decrease in revenue year-over-year.  Negative same store sales were primarily due to lower sales in the protein, vitamins and food/drink categories and a significant decrease in our e-commerce sales due in part to better aligning our web promotions to our stores. E-commerce sales were 6.8% of consolidated revenue during the current quarter compared with 7.3% of consolidated revenue during the prior year quarter. In addition, our corporate stores decreased from 3,546 at September 30, 2015 to 3,512 at September 30, 2016 in connection with our refranchising strategy.  
    
  Domestic franchise revenue decreased   $2.4 million   to $  85.8 million   in the current quarter compared with $  88.2 million   in the prior year quarter primarily due to lower wholesale sales associated with lower retail same store sales of our franchisees as well as the earlier timing of our annual franchise convention, which resulted in $6.3 million of lower sales in the current quarter as compared with the prior year quarter.  Partially offsetting the above was an increase in the number of franchise stores from 1,062 at September 30, 2015 to 1,169 at September 30, 2016.  Our franchisees did not participate in all corporate promotions and our expanded assortment initiative has been adopted by slightly more than half of our franchise stores compared with the significant majority of our corporate stores as of   September 30, 2016  ; as a result, our franchisees reported negative retail same store sales of   8.9%   in the third quarter of 2016 as compared with negative 6.4% in our domestic corporate stores (excluding GNC.com).   
    
  International.    Revenues in our International segment decreased   $9.5 million  , or   18.7%  , to   $41.1 million   in the current quarter compared with   $50.6 million   in the prior year quarter.  Despite our international franchisees reporting an increase in retail same store sales of   3.9%   in the current quarter (excluding the impact of foreign exchange rate changes relative to the U.S. dollar), revenue from franchisees decreased $11.3 million primarily relating to challenges in Chile, Saudi Arabia and Mexico, the termination of our franchise agreement in Turkey, which resulted in the closing of 85 stores and the earlier timing of the annual franchise convention, which resulted in $4.0 million in lower sales in the current quarter compared with the prior year quarter.  Partially offsetting the above decrease was an increase in revenue of $1.8 million associated with our China business.  
    
         Manufacturing / Wholesale.     Revenues in our Manufacturing / Wholesale segment, excluding intersegment sales, decreased   $0.3 million  , or   0.5%  , to   $61.3 million   for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   compared with   $61.6 million   in the prior year quarter. Third-party contract manufacturing sales increased $2.2 million, or 6.3%, to $36.6 million for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   compared with $34.5 million in the prior year quarter. This increase was partially offset by a decrease in wholesale sales of $2.4 million, or 9.0% from $27.1 million in the prior year quarter to $24.7 million in the current quarter.  Intersegment sales decreased $14.5 million from $67.5 million in the prior year quarter to $53.0 million in the current quarter primarily due to lower proprietary sales.   
    
    Other  .  Revenue decreased by $5.9 million due to the sale of Discount Supplements in the fourth quarter of 2015. 
    
  Cost of Sales and Gross Profit  
    
  Cost of sales, which includes product costs, warehousing, distribution and occupancy costs decreased   $20.1 million   to   $412.6 million   for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   compared with   $432.7 million   in the prior year quarter. Gross profit decreased   $35.2 million   from   $250.6 million   in the prior year quarter to   $215.4 million   in the current quarter, and as a percentage of net revenue, decreased from   36.7%   for the quarter ended   September 30, 2015   to   34.3%   in the current quarter.  The decrease in gross profit rate was primarily due to occupancy expense deleverage associated with negative same store sales. 

31 

     Table of Contents  

Selling, General and Administrative ( SG A ) Expense 
    
  SG A expense, including compensation and related benefits, advertising and other expenses, increased $7.2 million, or 5.1%, from   $141.2 million   in the prior year quarter to $148.4 million in the current quarter. SG A expense, as a percentage of net revenue, was   23.6%   and   20.7%   for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   and 2015, respectively.  During the current quarter, we recorded severance expense of $4.5 million associated with the departure of the former Chief Executive Officer and $5.1 million in legal-related charges.  Excluding these charges, SG A expense decreased $2.3 million or 1.6% primarily due to lower marketing expense and lower commissions associated with lower GNC.com and consignment sales, partially offset by higher salaries and benefits due in part to the prior year reduction to an incentive accrual.  
    
  Gains on Refranchising 
    
  Gains on refranchising, which represents gains on the sale of company-owned stores to franchisees were   $0.4 million   for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   compared with   $0.9 million   in the prior year quarter. We sold six company-owned stores to franchisees in the current quarter compared with five company-owned stores in the prior year quarter. 
    
   Other Income, net 
    
  Other income, net, includes foreign currency gains of $0.5 million in the current quarter compared with $0.1 million in gains in the prior year quarter. 
    
  Long-lived asset impairments 
    
  We recorded a $3.0 million charge related to definite-lived assets in the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 as future undiscounted cash flows could not support the carrying values of property and equipment at certain of our corporate stores. We recorded a $28.3 million charge in the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015 relating to our Discount Supplements business which was sold in the fourth quarter of 2015.  
        
   Operating Income  
    
  As a result of the foregoing, consolidated operating income decreased   $17.3 million  , or   21.0%  , to   $64.9 million   for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   compared with   $82.2 million   in the prior year quarter.  Operating income, as a percentage of net revenue, was 10.3% and 12.0% for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   and 2015, respectively.  Operating income was impacted significantly by legal-related charges, severance expense and an impairment charge on property and equipment in the current quarter and an impairment charge in the prior year quarter. 
    
  U.S. and Canada.      Operating income decreased   $28.4 million  , or   30.4%  , to   $65.3 million   for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   compared with   $93.7 million   for the same period in 2015.  Operating income as a percentage of segment revenue was   12.4%   in the current quarter compared with   16.6%   in the prior year quarter.  Gains on refranchising were   $0.4 million   and   $0.9 million   in the current quarter and prior year quarter, respectively, as explained above. Excluding these gains and the current quarter $3.0 million long-lived asset impairment charge, operating income decreased from 16.4% of segment revenue in the prior year quarter to 13.0% of segment revenue in the current quarter primarily due to expense deleverage in occupancy and salaries expense associated with negative same store sales.        
        
  International.     Operating income decreased   $1.4 million  , or   8.9%  , to   $14.7 million   for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   compared with   $16.1 million   in the prior year quarter.  Operating income was   35.7%   of segment revenue in the current quarter compared with   31.9%   in the prior year quarter.  The increase in operating income percentage was primarily due to higher product margin rate as a result of a higher mix of proprietary sales. 
    
  Manufacturing / Wholesale  . Operating income decreased   $5.1 million  , or   22.8%  , to   $17.4 million   for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   compared with   $22.5 million   in the prior year quarter.  Operating income as a percentage of segment revenue decreased from 17.4% in the prior year quarter to 15.2% in the current quarter primarily due to lower intersegment sales, which resulted in unfavorable manufacturing variances, and a higher mix of third-party contract manufacturing sales, which generally contribute lower margins. 

32 

     Table of Contents  

Other.   Operating income increased by $30.3 million due to the comparative effect of the prior year quarter $28.3 million long-lived asset impairment charge relating to Discount Supplements, which was sold in the fourth quarter of 2015. 
    
  Corporate costs.     Corporate overhead costs increased   $12.6 million   to   $33.2 million   for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   compared with   $20.6 million   in the prior year quarter, primarily due to $5.1 million in legal-related charges, $4.5 million in severance expense associated with the departure of the former Chief Executive Officer and the comparative effect of the prior year reduction of an incentive accrual. 
    
  Interest Expense, net 
    
  Interest expense was   $15.4 million   in the three month period ended   September 30, 2016   compared with   $13.8 million   in the three months ended   September 30, 2015  .  The increase in interest expense was primarily due to the convertible debt issuance in August 2015 and amounts drawn under the Revolving Credit Facility, partially offset by a lower balance on the Term Loan Facility.  
    
  Income Tax Expense 
    
  We recognized   $17.2 million   of income tax expense (or   34.7%   of pre-tax income) during the three months ended   September 30, 2016   compared with   $22.6 million   (or   33.1%   of pre-tax income) for the same period in 2015.  The prior year quarter rate was impacted by a discrete tax benefit of $11.6 million due to the effect of an anticipated worthless stock deduction resulting from excess tax basis in the common shares of Discount Supplements and a decrease in the liability for uncertain tax positions of $3.1 million.   
    
  Net Income 
    
  As a result of the foregoing, consolidated net income decreased   $13.4 million   to   $32.4 million   for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   compared with   $45.8 million   for the same period in 2015. 
    
  Diluted Earnings Per Share 
    
  Diluted earnings per share decreased   13.0%   from   $0.54   for the three months ended   September 30, 2015   to   $0.47   for the same period in 2016 due to a 29.3% decrease to net income, partially offset by a decrease in the weighted average diluted shares outstanding of   18.6%   as a result of the share repurchase program. 
    
  Comparison of the   Nine Months Ended     September 30, 2016   (current year period) and   2015   (prior year period) 
    
  Revenues 
    
  Our consolidated net revenues decreased   $84.1 million  , or   4.1%  , to   $1,970.1 million   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   compared with   $2,054.2 million   for the same period in   2015  . The decrease was the result of lower sales in the U.S. and Canada and International segments, partially offset by higher sales in our Manufacturing / Wholesale segment, excluding intersegment sales. 
    
  U.S. and Canada.      Revenues in our U.S. and Canada segment decreased   $55.8 million  , or   3.2%  , to   $1,671.0 million   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   compared with   $1,726.8 million   in the prior year period. Negative domestic retail same store sales of   4.9%  , which includes GNC.com, resulted in a $63.0 million decrease in revenue year-over-year.  Negative same store sales were primarily due to lower sales in the vitamin, food/drink and protein categories including the first quarter impact of deep discounts related to excess vitamin inventory nearing expiration, partially offset by improvement in the health and beauty and performance supplements categories.  E-commerce sales were 7.6% of consolidated revenue in each of the current and prior year periods.  
    
  Domestic franchise revenue decreased $8.4 million to $254.1 million in the current year period compared with $262.5 million in the prior year period due to lower wholesale sales and royalties.  Our franchisees did not participate in all corporate promotions and our expanded assortment initiative has been adopted by approximately half of our franchise stores compared with the significant majority of our corporate stores as of   September 30, 2016  ; as a result, our franchisees reported lower retail same store sales as compared with our corporate stores or negative   7.0%   in the current year period.  

33 

     Table of Contents  

Partially offsetting the above decreases was an increase of $9.4 million primarily due to a higher average company-owned store base and higher sales from Lucky Vitamin.  
    
  International.   Revenues in our International segment decreased   $13.4 million  , or   9.9%  , to   $121.0 million   in the current period compared with   $134.4 million   in the prior year period.  Despite, our international franchisees reporting approximately flat retail same store sales of negative   0.5%   in the current year period (excluding the impact of foreign exchange rate changes relative to the U.S. dollar), revenue from franchisees decreased $18.7 million primarily relating to challenges in Chile and Mexico and termination of our franchise agreements in Turkey and Australia. Partially offsetting the decrease was an increase in revenue of $5.3 million associated with our China business. 
    
       Manufacturing / Wholesale.     Revenues in our Manufacturing / Wholesale segment, excluding intersegment sales, increased   $4.6 million  , or   2.7%  , to   $178.0 million   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   compared with   $173.4 million   in the prior year period. Third-party contract manufacturing sales increased $13.1 million, or 14.9%, to $100.7 million for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   compared with $87.6 million in the prior year period. This increase was partially offset by a decrease in wholesale sales of $8.4 million, or 9.8% from $85.7 million in the prior year period to $77.3 million in the current year period. Intersegment sales decreased $34.1 million from $206.7 million in the prior year period to $172.6 million in the current year period primarily due to lower proprietary sales.  
    
  Other  .  Revenue decreased by $19.7 million due to the sale of Discount Supplements in the fourth quarter of 2015. 
    
  Cost of Sales and Gross Profit 
    
  Cost of sales decreased   $17.7 million   to   $1,280.1 million   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   compared with   $1,297.8 million   in the prior year period. Gross profit decreased by   $66.4 million   from   $756.4 million   in the prior year period to   $690.0 million   in the current year period. Gross profit, as a percentage of net revenue, decreased from   36.8%   for the nine months ended   September 30, 2015   to   35.0%   in the nine months ended September 30, 2016 primarily due to lower domestic retail product margin rate resulting from first quarter deep discounts on excess vitamin inventory nearing expiration, lower product margin rate in our GNC.com business and occupancy expense deleverage associated with negative same store sales. 
    
  SG A Expense 
    
  SG A expense increased   $9.4 million  , or   2.2%  , to   $430.4 million   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   compared with   $421.0 million   in the prior year period. SG A expense, as a percentage of net revenue, was   21.8%   and   20.5%   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and 2015, respectively.  
    
  During the current year period, we recorded severance expense of $4.5 million associated with the departure of the former Chief Executive Officer and $5.1 million in legal-related charges. During the prior year period, we recorded an increase to a legal accrual and a decrease in bad debt expense associated with a reduction in the previously established allowance for certain of our international franchisees, based on cash collected.  Together, these changes resulted in an increase in SG A expense of $1.2 million.  Also in the prior year period, SG A expense increased by $2.8 million as a result of the correction of an immaterial error as further explained in Item 1, "Financial Statements," Note 2, "Basis of Presentation."    
    
  Excluding the above expenses, SG A expense increased $3.8 million in the current year period.  The increase in SG A expense, excluding the charges noted above, was primarily due to an increase in salaries and related benefits related to supporting a higher average company-owned store base and the impact of the completion in early 2016 of our senior management team and higher marketing expense of $1.5 million partially offset by lower commissions associated with lower GNC.com and consignment sales and lower amortization expense associated with Discount Supplements, which was sold in the fourth quarter of 2015. 
    
  Gains on Refranchising 
    
  Gains on refranchising increased   $15.9 million   to   $18.3 million   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   compared with   $2.4 million   in the prior year period. The increase was due to the sale of 96 company-owned stores in the current year period compared with 12 during the same prior year period.  

34 

     Table of Contents  

Other (Income) Loss, net 
    
  Other (income) loss, net, includes a foreign currency gain of $0.3 million in the current year period compared with a currency loss of   $0.1 million   recorded in the prior year period. 
        
   Operating Income  
    
  As a result of the foregoing, consolidated operating income decreased   $34.2 million  , or   11.1%  , to   $275.2 million   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   compared with   $309.4 million   in the prior year period.  Operating income, as a percentage of net revenue, was   14.0%   and   15.1%   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and 2015, respectively.  Operating income in the current year period was impacted significantly by the gains on refranchising of $18.3 million associated with the sale of 96 company-owned stores, of which 84 was to one franchisee as well as legal-related charges, severance expense and impairment charge on property and equipment.  Operating income in the prior year period was impacted significantly by an impairment charge as well as other expenses noted above under "SG A Expense." 
    
  U.S. and Canada.      Operating income decreased   $43.7 million  , or   14.6%  , to   $256.1 million   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   compared with   $299.8 million   for the same period in 2015.  Gains on refranchising were   $18.3 million   and   $2.4 million   in the current period and prior year period, respectively.  Excluding these gains and the current quarter $3.0 million long-lived asset impairment charge, operating income was 14.4% and 17.2% of segment revenue in the nine months ended   September 30, 2016   and 2015, respectively. The decrease compared with the prior year period was primarily due to expense deleverage in occupancy and salaries expense associated with negative same store sales, lower domestic retail product margin rate as a result of first quarter deep discounts on excess vitamin inventory nearing expiration, lower product margin rate in our GNC.com business and higher marketing expense.  
        
  International.     Operating income decreased   $6.6 million  , or   13.7%  , to   $41.4 million   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   compared with   $48.0 million   in the prior year period.  Operating income was   34.2%   of segment revenue in the current period compared with   35.7%   in the prior year period. Excluding the prior year reduction in the previously established bad debt allowance associated with certain of our franchisees explained above, operating income was 34.2% and 33.5% of segment revenue in the nine months ended   September 30, 2016   and 2015, respectively. The increase in operating income percentage was primarily due higher product margin rate due to a higher mix of proprietary sales, partially offset by a bad debt allowance associated with a franchisee recorded in the current year period, higher marketing and deleverage in salaries and benefits. 
    
  Manufacturing / Wholesale  . Operating income decreased   $9.9 million  , or   15.5%  , to   $53.7 million   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   compared with   $63.6 million   in the prior year period.  Operating income as a percentage of segment revenue decreased from 16.7% in the prior year period to   15.3%   in the current period primarily due to lower intersegment sales, which resulted in unfavorable manufacturing variances, and a higher mix of third-party contract manufacturing sales, which generally contribute lower margins. 
    
    Other.   Operating income increased by $32.8 million due to the comparative effect of the prior year quarter $28.3 million long-lived asset impairment charge relating to Discount Supplements, which was sold in the fourth quarter of 2015. 
    
  Corporate costs.     Corporate costs increased   $6.8 million   to   $76.8 million   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   compared with   $70.0 million   in the prior year period, primarily due to $5.1 million in legal-related charges and $4.5 million in severance expense associated with the departure of the former Chief Executive Officer and higher salaries expense including the impact of the completion in early 2016 of our senior management team, partially offset by lower incentive expense. 
    
  Interest Expense, net 
    
  Interest expense was   $45.1 million   in the   nine   month period ended   September 30, 2016   compared with   $36.9 million   in the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  .  The increase in interest expense was primarily due to the convertible debt issuance in August 2015 and amounts drawn under the Revolving Credit Facility, partially offset by a lower balance on the Term Loan Facility. 

35 

     Table of Contents  

Income Tax Expense 
    
  We recognized   $82.9 million   of income tax expense (or   36.0%   of pre-tax income) during the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   compared with   $96.1 million   (or   35.3%   of pre-tax income) for the same period in 2015. The prior year period rate was impacted by a discrete tax benefit of $11.6 million due to the effect of an anticipated worthless stock deduction resulting from excess tax basis in the common shares of Discount Supplements and a decrease in the liability for uncertain tax positions of $3.1 million.   
    
  Net Income 
    
  As a result of the foregoing, consolidated net income decreased   $29.2 million   to   $147.2 million   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   compared with   $176.4 million   for the same period in 2015. 
    
  Diluted Earnings Per Share 
    
  Diluted earnings per share increased from   $2.05   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015   to   $2.10   for the same period in 2016 due a decrease in the weighted average diluted shares outstanding of   18.6%   as a result of the share repurchase program, partially offset by a   16.5%   decrease in net income. 

Change in Reportable Segments 
    
  Our previously disclosed refranchising strategy, which is increasing the proportion of domestic stores that are franchise locations in 2016 and beyond, has resulted in a change in the organizational structure and the financial reporting utilized by our chief operating decision maker (our chief executive officer) to assess performance and allocate resources; as a result, our reportable segments have changed effective in the second quarter of 2016.  We believe that the new segments better present our new view of the business.  
    
  The following table shows the new reportable segments compared with the previous reporting structure. 
                   Old 
      
    New 
      Segment:   Retail                                                                     Includes:   Company-owned stores in the U.S., Puerto Rico and Canada, The Health Store and e-commerce  including Discount Supplements, which was sold in the fourth quarter of 2015 
      
    Segment:   U.S. and Canada 
  Includes:   Company-owned stores in the U.S., Puerto Rico and Canada, franchise stores in the U.S. and e-commerce 

Segment:   Franchise 
  Includes:   Domestic and international franchise locations and China operations 
      
    Segment:   International 
  Includes:   Franchise locations in approximately 50 countries, The Health Store and China operations 

Segment:   Manufacturing / Wholesale 
  Includes:   Manufactured product sold to our other segments, third-party contract manufacturing and sales to wholesale partners 
      
    Segment:   Manufacturing / Wholesale 
  Includes:   Manufactured product sold to our other segments, third-party contract manufacturing and sales to wholesale partners (no change from old) 

Other 
  Includes:   Discount Supplements, an e-commerce business which was sold in the fourth quarter of 2015 

36 

     Table of Contents  

The table below presents the interim results for 2015 and 2014 and the first quarter of 2016 under the new reportable segments.  As part of this change, warehousing and distribution costs were allocated, as appropriate, to our reportable segments. 

Note: The presentation of certain immaterial amounts in our consolidated financial statements of prior periods have been revised to conform to the current periods presented.  Specifically, sublease rental income received from franchisees is presented as  Revenue  compared with the previous presentation as a reduction to occupancy expense in  Cost of sales, including warehousing, distribution, and occupancy.   This revision has no impact on operating income.  For additional information regarding this revision, see Item 1, "Financial Statements," Note 2, "Basis of Presentation" under "Revision for Sublease Rent Income." 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 
    
  We expect to fund our operations through internally generated cash and, if necessary, from borrowings under our $300.0 million Revolving Credit Facility.  At   September 30, 2016  , we had $157.4 million available under the Revolving Credit Facility, after giving effect to $137.0 million of borrowings outstanding and $5.6 million utilized to secure letters of credit. 
    
  We expect our primary uses of cash in the near future will be for capital expenditures, working capital requirements, debt repayment and funding quarterly dividends to stockholders that are approved by our Board. 
    
  We currently anticipate that cash generated from operations, together with amounts available under the Revolving Credit Facility, will be sufficient to meet our operating expenses and fund capital expenditures. During the first quarter of 2016, we extended the maturity date of our Revolving Credit Facility from March 2017 to September 2018 and increased the amount available from $130.0 million to $300.0 million.  We are required to make quarterly principal payments of $1.1 million on the amount outstanding under our Term Loan Facility, payable every quarter through December 31, 2018. Our ability to make scheduled payments of principal on, to pay interest on or to refinance our debt and to satisfy our other debt obligations will depend on our future operating performance, which will be affected by general economic, financial and other factors beyond our control.  Based on our full year 2016 forecasted results, we expect to exceed the required ratio on our Consolidated Net Senior Secured Leverage Ratio, which will require us to make an excess cash flow payment on our outstanding term loan debt of approximately $10 million to $15 million  
  
   37 

     Table of Contents  

in the second quarter of 2017.  We are currently in compliance with the terms of our Senior Credit Facility and expect to remain in compliance over the next twelve months.  
    
  Cash Provided by Operating Activities 
    
  Cash provided by operating activities decreased by   $105.0 million   from   $274.7 million   in the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015   to   $169.7 million   in the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   primarily due to reduced operating performance and higher inventory purchases. 
    
  Cash Used in Investing Activities 
    
  Cash used in investing activities was   $7.0 million   and   $31.2 million    for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively. Capital expenditures were   $35.4 million   and   $30.4 million   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively. During the nine months ended   September 30, 2016  , we completed the refranchising of   84   stores to   one   franchisee for $28.6 million of net proceeds.   
     
  We now expect capital expenditures to be approximately $75 million in 2016, which includes investments for strategic initiatives, IT infrastructure, store development and maintenance.  We anticipate funding our 2016 capital requirements with cash flows from operations and, if necessary, borrowings under the Revolving Credit Facility.  
    
  Cash Used in Financing Activities 
    
  For the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , cash used in financing activities was   $182.5 million  , primarily consisting of the repurchase of an aggregate   $229.2 million   in shares of common stock under share repurchase programs, payments on our Revolving Credit Facility of   $103.0 million   and dividends paid to our stockholders of   $41.6 million  , partially offset with   $197.0 million   in borrowings under our Revolving Credit Facility.   
    
  For the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  , cash used in financing activities was   $212.5 million  , primarily consisting of the repurchase of an aggregate   $279.8 million   in shares of common under the repurchase program, payments on the Term Loan Facility of $167.9 million and dividends paid to stockholders of   $45.9 million  , partially offset by the issuance of $287.5 million convertible senior notes. 

Contractual Obligations 
        
  During the nine months ended   September 30, 2016  , gross borrowings of $197.0 million were made on our Revolving Credit Facility. Refer to Item 1, "Financial Statements," Note 6, "Long-Term Debt" for more information.  There have been no other material changes in our contractual obligations as disclosed in the 2015 10-K.  

Critical Accounting Estimates 
    
  Goodwill and Long-Lived Assets 
  As described in Item 1, "Financial Statements," Note 5 "Goodwill and Other Long-Lived Assets", we performed an interim goodwill impairment test for all of our reporting units as of September 30, 2016 as well as tested our indefinite-lived brand name intangible assets and other long-lived assets. No goodwill or indefinite-lived intangible asset impairments were recorded in the current year period.  Key assumptions utilized in the goodwill impairment test included projected cash flows (including sales growth and margin rates), the discount rate and the terminal growth rate.   
    
  Due to the Lucky Vitamin reporting unit fair value exceeding carrying value by less than 15%, we performed a sensitivity analysis used under the discounted cash flow method to determine the impact on its fair value. We assumed a decrease of 100 and 300 basis points to projected annual revenue, including the terminal year. In addition, we reviewed the effect of lowering the discount rate by 100 basis points. The following was the impact to this analysis: 
                   Assumption Change 
      
    % Fair Value Excess (Deficit) to Carrying Value 
      1% decrease in annual revenue 
      
    6.9% 
      3% decrease in annual revenue 
      
    (1.9)% 
      1% increase in discount rate 
      
    0.7% 

38 

     Table of Contents  

Although we believe we have used reasonable estimates and assumptions to calculate the fair value of the Lucky Vitamin reporting unit, these estimates and assumptions could be materially different from actual results. If actual market conditions are less favorable than those projected, or if events occur or circumstances change that would reduce the fair value of this reporting unit below its carrying value, we may be required to conduct an interim test or possibly recognize impairment charges, which may be material, in future periods. 
    
  We recorded a   $3.0 million   charge on property and equipment in the three months ended September 30, 2016 relating to certain of our under-performing stores having insufficient projected undiscounted cash flows to support the recoverability of their underlying fixed assets.  Key assumptions utilized in the projected undiscounted cash flows were sales growth, margin rates, annual increases in store salaries and occupancy expense and the calculation of a terminal value based on existing service potential of the applicable assets.  If actual performance of individual stores are less favorable, we may be required to recognize additional impairment charges, which may be material, in future periods.        
   
  Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
    
  Refer to Item 1, "Financial Statements," Note 2, "Basis of Presentation." 

Item 3.  Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
    
  There have been no significant changes to our market risk since December 31, 2015. For a discussion of our exposure to market risk, refer to Part II, Item 7A "Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk" of our 2015 10-K.  
   
  Item 4.  Controls and Procedures 
    
  Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
    
  Our management, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer ( CEO ) and our Chief Financial Officer ("CFO"), has evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act )) as of the end of the period covered by this report. Disclosure controls and procedures are designed to provide reasonable assurance that the information required to be disclosed in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act has been appropriately recorded, processed, summarized and reported on a timely basis and are effective in ensuring that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our CEO and CFO, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Based on such evaluation, our CEO and CFO have concluded that, as of   September 30, 2016  , our disclosure controls and procedures are effective at the reasonable assurance level. 
    
  Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
    
  There have not been any changes in our internal controls over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f))     that occurred during the last fiscal quarter, which have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

Part II - OTHER INFORMATION    

Item 1.   Legal Proceedings      
    
  DMAA / Aegeline Claims.   Prior to December 2013, we sold products manufactured by third parties that contained derivatives from geranium known as 1.3-dimethylpentylamine/ dimethylamylamine/ 13-dimethylamylamine, or "DMAA," which were recalled from our stores in November 2013, and/or Aegeline, a compound extracted from bael trees. As of   September 30, 2016   we were named in the following 30 personal injury lawsuits involving products containing DMAA and/or Aegeline: 
    
   39 

     Table of Contents  

Kenneth Waikiki v. USP Labs, Doyle, Geissler, USP Labs OxyElite, LLC, et al. and GNC Corporation, et al., United States District Court for the District of Hawaii (Case No. 3-00639 DMK), filed November 21, 2013 
                      
    Mereane Carlisle, Charles Paio, Chanelle Valdez, Janice Favella and Christine Mariano v. USPLabs, LLC et al., United states District Court for the District of Hawaii (Case No. CV14-00029), filed January 23, 2014. 
                 
    Nichole Davidson, William Dunlao, Gina Martin, Lee Ann Miranda, Yuka Colescott, Sherine Cortinas, and Shawna Nishimoto v. GNC Corporation and USP Labs LLC, United States District Court for the District of Hawaii (Case No. 14-cv-00364) filed October 24, 2014 
                
    Rodney Ofisa, Christine Mosca, Margaret Kawamoto as guardian for Jane Kawamoto (a minor), Ginny Pia, Kimberlynne Tom, Faituitasi Tuioti, Ireneo Rabang, and Tihane Laupola v. GNC Corporation and USP Labs LLC, United States District Court for the District of Hawaii (Case No. CV14-00365) filed October 24, 2014 
                
    Palani Pantoham, Deborah Cordiero, J. Royal Kanamu, Brent Pascula, Christie Shiroma, Justan Chun, Kasey Grace and Adam Miyasoto v. USPLabs, LLC. et al., United States District Court for the District of Hawaii (Case No. CV14-00366) filed August 15, 2014 
                 
    Kai Wing Tsui and John McCutchen v. GNC Corporation, USP Labs, Superior Court of California, County of Los Angeles (Case No. BC559542), filed October 6, 2014 
                  
    Alexis Billones, Austin Ashworth, Karen Litre, Nancy Murray, Wendy Ortiz, Edward Pullen, and Corazon Vu v. USPLabs, LLC et al., California Superior Court, Los Angeles County (Case No. BC575264), filed March 13, 2015 
                
    Asofiafia Morales, Richard Ownes, Lynn Campbell, Joseph Silzgy, Delphone Smith-Dean, Nicole Stroud, Barrett Mincey and Amanda Otten v. USPLabs, LLC et al., California Superior Court, Los Angeles County (Case No. BC575262), filed March 13, 2015  
     
   40 

     Table of Contents  

Laurie Nadura, Angela Abril-Guthmiller, Sarah Rogers, Jennifer Apes, Ellen Beedie, Edmundo Cruz, and Christopher Almanza v. USPLabs, LLC et al., California Superior Court, Monterey County (Case No. M131321), filed March 13, 2015  
                 
    Johanna Stussy, Lai Uyeno, Gwenda Tuika-Reyes, Zeng Vang, Kevin Williams, and Kristy Williams v. USPLabs, LLC, et al., California Superior Court, Santa Clara County (Case No. 115CV78045), filed March 13, 2015  
                
    Natasiri Tali, Tram Dobbs, Mauela Reyna-Perez, Kimberly Turvey, Meagan Van Dyke, Hang Nga Tran, Shea Steard, and Jimmy Tran v. USPLabs, LLC et al., California Superior Court, Los Angeles County (Case No. BC575263), filed March 13, 2015 
                
    Issam Tnaimou, Benita Rodriguez, Marcia Rouse, Marcel Macy, Joseph Worley, Joanne Zgrezepski, Crystal Franklin, Deanne Fry, and Caron Jones, in her own right, o/b/h Joshua Jones and o/b/o Joshua Jones and ob/o The Estate of James Jones v. USPLabs, LLC et al., California Superior Court, Monterey County (Case No. M131322), filed March 13, 2015 
                  
    Roel Vista v. USP Labs, LLC, GNC Corporation et al., United States District Court for the Northern District of California (Case No. CV-14-0037), filed January 24, 2014.  
                
    Larry Tufts v. USP Labs, LLC, GNC Corporation et al., Court of Common Pleas for the County of Jasper, South Carolina (Case No. 2016-CP-27-0257). 
     The proceedings associated with the majority of these personal injury cases, which generally seek indeterminate money damages, are in the early stages, and any liabilities that may arise from these matters are not probable or reasonably estimable at this time.  
  We are contractually entitled to indemnification by our third-party vendor with regard to these matters, although our ability to obtain full recovery in respect of any such claims against us is dependent upon the creditworthiness of our vendor and/or its insurance coverage and the absence of any significant defenses available to its insurer.  
  Other Legal Proceedings.      For additional information regarding certain other legal proceedings to which we are a party, see Note 8, "Contingencies" to the accompanying financial statements.   

Item 1A.   Risk Factors       
    
  There have been no material changes to the disclosures relating to this item from those set forth in the 2015 10-K. 

Item 2.   Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
    
  Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
    
  The following table sets forth information regarding Holdings  purchases of shares of common stock during the quarter ended   September 30, 2016  : 

41 

     Table of Contents  

(1) 
    Other than as set forth in the table above, we made no purchases of shares of Class A common stock for the quarter ended   September 30, 2016  .  

Item 3.   Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
    
  None. 

Item 4.   Mine Safety Disclosures 
    
  Item 4 is not applicable. 

Item 5.  Other Information 
    
  None. 

42 

Table of Contents  

Item 6.   Exhibits 
    
                   Exhibit 

No. 
      
    Description 
      31.1* 
      
    Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
      31.2* 
      
    Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
      32.1* 
      
    Certification of CEO and CFO Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
      101.INS 
      
    XBRL Instance Document 
      101.SCH 
      
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema 
      101.CAL 
      
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase 
      101.LAB 
      
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase 
      101.PRE 
      
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase 
      101.DEF 
      
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase 

* 
      
    Filed herewith. 

43 

Table of Contents  

SIGNATURES 
    
  Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the persons undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

GNC HOLDINGS, INC. 
        
    (Registrant) 

/s/ Tricia K. Tolivar 
      Date: October 27, 2016 
    Tricia K. Tolivar 
        
    Chief Financial Officer 
        
    (Principal Financial Officer) 

44 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 gnc-ex3113q2016.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 

Exhibit 31.1 
    
  CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
  PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 
  OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
    
  I, Robert F. Moran, certify that: 
    
  1.          I have reviewed this Form 10-Q of GNC Holdings, Inc.; 
    
  2.          Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
    
  3.          Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
    
  4.          The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
    
  (a)                                       Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
    
  (b)                                      Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
    
  (c)                                       Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
    
  (d)                                      Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
    
  5.          The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
    
  (a)                                       All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
    
  (b)                                      Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

/s/ Robert F. Moran 
      Date: October 27, 2016 
    Robert F. Moran 

Interim Chief Executive Officer 
        
    (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 gnc-ex3123q2016.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 

Exhibit 31.2 
    
  CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 
  PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 
  OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
    
  I, Tricia K. Tolivar, certify that: 
    
  1.          I have reviewed this Form 10-Q of GNC Holdings, Inc.; 
    
  2.          Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
    
  3.          Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
    
  4.          The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
    
  (a)                                       Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
    
  (b)                                      Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
    
  (c)                                       Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
    
  (d)                                      Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
    
  5.          The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
    
  (a)                                       All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
    
  (b)                                      Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

/s/ Tricia K. Tolivar 
      Date: October 27, 2016 
    Tricia K. Tolivar 
        
    Chief Financial Officer 
        
    (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 gnc-ex3213q2016.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 

Exhibit 32.1 
    
  Certification of CEO and CFO Pursuant to 
  18 U.S.C. Section 1350, 
  as Adopted Pursuant to 
  Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
    
  In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of GNC Holdings, Inc. (the  Company ), for the quarterly period ended   September 30, 2016   as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), Robert F. Moran, as Interim Chief Executive Officer of the Company, and Tricia K. Tolivar, as Chief Financial Officer of the Company, each hereby certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.   1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of his or her knowledge: 
    
  (1)                                       The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 
    
  (2)                                       The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

/s/ Robert F. Moran 
      
      Name: 
    Robert F. Moran 

Title: 
    Interim Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

Date:  
    10/27/2016 

/s/ Tricia K. Tolivar 
      
      Name: 
    Tricia K. Tolivar 

Title: 
    Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial Officer) 

Date:  
    10/27/2016 

This certification accompanies the Report pursuant to   906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and shall not, except to the extent required by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, be deemed filed by the Company for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.INS>
 5
 gnc-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 gnc-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 gnc-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 gnc-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 gnc-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 gnc-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

