<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161121_10-Q-A_edgar_data_1419582_0001387131-16-008123_2.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>2005826</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>138773</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>160258</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>406082</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>710492</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>542711</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>16</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001387131-16-008123.hdr.sgml : 20161121
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161121173121
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001387131-16-008123
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q/A
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		50
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160331
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161121
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161121

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			BLUE SPHERE CORP.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001419582
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-COMPUTER PROGRAMMING, DATA PROCESSING, ETC. [7370]
		IRS NUMBER:				980550257
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q/A
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-55127
		FILM NUMBER:		162011234

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		301 MCCULLOUGH DRIVE
		STREET 2:		4TH FLOOR
		CITY:			CHARLOTTE
		STATE:			NC
		ZIP:			28262
		BUSINESS PHONE:		704-909-2806

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		301 MCCULLOUGH DRIVE
		STREET 2:		4TH FLOOR
		CITY:			CHARLOTTE
		STATE:			NC
		ZIP:			28262

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Blue Sphere Corp
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20100219

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Jin Jie Corp.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20071128

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001387131-16-008123.txt : 20161121

10-Q/A
 1
 blsp-10qa_033116.htm
 AMENDED QUARTERLY REPORT

UNITED STATES  

  SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION  

  Washington,
D.C. 20549  

FORM 10-Q/A  

(Amendment No. 2)  

QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934  

For the quarterly period ended March 31,
2016 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE EXCHANGE ACT  

For the transition period from _________
to ________ 

Commission File No.   000-55127   

Blue Sphere Corporation    
 
      (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)   

Nevada   
       98-0550257    
 
      (State or other jurisdiction of  
 incorporation or organization)  
      (I.R.S. Employer  
 Identification No.)   

301 McCullough Drive, 4th Floor, Charlotte, North Carolina 28262    
 
      (Address of principal executive offices) (zip code)   

704-909-2806    
 
      (Registrant s telephone number, including area code)   

(Former name, former address and former fiscal year, if changed since last report)   

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding
12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such
filing requirements for the past 90 days.  

 Yes   
 No     

 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted
and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for
such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). 

 Yes   
 No     

 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions
of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer,  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule
12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): 

Large accelerated filer  

Accelerated filer  

Non-accelerated filer  
         
      (Do not check if a smaller reporting company)  
      Smaller reporting company  

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). 

 Yes   
 No     

 State the number of shares outstanding
of each of the issuer s classes of common equity as of the latest practicable date: As of May 18, 2016 ,
there were 219,817,675 sh ares of common stock, par value $0.001 per share, issued and outstanding. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS  

PART I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION  
       
     1  
 
      ITEM 1. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
       
     1  
 
      ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS  
       
     17  
 
      ITEM 3. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK  
       
     20  
 
      ITEM 4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES  
       
     20  
 
      PART II - OTHER INFORMATION  
       
     22  
 
      ITEM 1. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS  
       
     22  
 
      ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS  
       
     22  
 
      ITEM 2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS  
       
     22  
 
      ITEM 3. DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES  
       
     23  
 
      ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES  
       
     23  
 
      ITEM 5. OTHER INFORMATION  
       
     23  
 
      ITEM 6. EXHIBITS  
       
     24  
 
      SIGNATURES  
       
     25  

Our unaudited financial statements are
stated in United States dollars (U.S. $) and are prepared in accordance with United States Generally Accepted Accounting Principles
( GAAP ). In this quarterly report, unless otherwise specified, all dollar amounts are expressed in United States Dollars. 

As used in this quarterly report, the terms
 we ,  us ,  our ,  Blue Sphere  or the  Company  mean Blue Sphere
Corporation and its wholly-owned subsidiaries, unless the context clearly requires otherwise. 

EXPLANATORY
NOTE   

On May 18, 2015, Blue Sphere filed a Current
Report on Form 8-K reporting that it had entered into an agreement to acquire one hundred percent (100%) of the share capital of
four entities, Agricerere S.r.l., Agrielektra S.r.l., Agrisorse S.r.l. and Gefa S.r.l (collectively, the  SPVs ), that
own and operate anaerobic digestion biogas plants for the production of electricity located in Italy (the  May Form 8-K ).
The closing of the acquisition of the SPVs was subject to certain conditions precedent, as more fully described in the May Form
8-K, but which included obtaining consent from the acquired parties  creditor to the acquisition and the resulting change
of control, and securing a mezzanine loan facility. Upon attainment of the conditions precedent, the Company closed the acquisition
of the SPVs on December 14, 2015 and filed a Current Report on Form 8-K on December 17, 2015 reporting that it had consummated
the acquisition of the SPVs.  

On May 23, 2016, the Company filed a Quarterly
Report on Form 10-Q for the period from January 1, 2016 to March 31, 2016 (the  Quarterly Report ). As explained in
the Quarterly Report, the interim financial statements and notes thereto contained in the Quarterly Report (the  Quarterly
Report Financial Statements ) were not reviewed in accordance with Statement of Auditing Standards No. 100 ( SAS 100 ),
as required by Rule 10-01(d) of Regulation S-X promulgated under the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, due to the
inability of UHY to timely verify certain items in the SPVs  financial statements and, consequently, the inability of Deloitte
to complete its review of the Company s Quarterly Report Financial Statements. 

On June 13, 2016 the Company filed
Amendment No. 1 on Form 10-Q/A to (i) file the Quarterly Report Financial Statements that have been reviewed in accordance with
SAS 100 as required by Rule 10-01(d) and (ii) amend and restate Item 2 of Part 1,  Management s Discussion and Analysis
of Financial Condition and Results of Operations , of the Quarterly Report based on the Quarterly Report Financial Statements
filed herewith. In addition, the Company has updated the  Explanatory Note,  Item 2 of Part 2,  Unregistered
Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds,  Item 5 of Part 2,  Other Information , the signature page,
the certifications of its Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer in Exhibits 31.1 and 32.1 and Exhibits 31.2 and
32.2, respectively, and the Company s financial statements formatted in Extensible Business Reporting Language (XBRL) in
Exhibits 101. As explained in the Quarterly Report as amended, the interim financial statements and notes contained in the
Amended Quarterly Report (the  Quarterly Report Financial Statements ), the Company accounted for the acquisition of
the SPVs using the purchase method of accounting. Under this method, the Company allocated the purchase price to tangible and intangible
assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on estimated fair values at the date of acquisition, with the excess of the purchase
price amount being allocated to goodwill.  

The Company is filing
this Amendment No. 2 (this  amendment ) on Form 10-Q/A to file interim financial statements for the period from January
1, 2016 to March 31, 2016 to reflect the restatement of its consolidated financial statements for the period from January 1, 2016
to March 31, 2016. The restatement reflects application of the equity method of accounting for those investments because the Framework
EBITDA Guarantee Agreement between the Company and Austep S.p.A. ( Austep ), whereby Austep operates, maintains and
supervises each biogas plant, prevents us from exercising a controlling influence over operating policies of the plants. Under
this method, our equity investment is reflected as an investment in non-consolidated subsidiaries on our Condensed Balance Sheets
and the net earnings or losses of the investments is reflected as equity in net earnings of non-consolidated companies on our
Consolidated Statements of Operations. The Company is filing this Amendment No. 2 (this  amendment ) on Form 10-Q/A
to (i) file interim financial statements for the period from January 1, 2016 to March 31, 2016 to reflect the restatement of its
consolidated financial statements for the period from January 1, 2016 to March 31, 2016 due to the application of the equity method
of accounting for the investments in Agricerere S.r.l., Agrielektra S.r.l., Agrisorse S.r.l. and Gefa S.r.l. The Company applied
the equity method because the Framework EBITDA Guarantee Agreement between the SPVs and Austep S.p.A. ( Austep ) whereas
Austep operates, maintains and supervises each biogas plants prevents the Company from exercising a controlling influence over
operating policies of the plants. Under this method, our equity investment is reflected as an investment in non-consolidated subsidiaries
on our Condensed Balance Sheets and the net earnings or losses of the investments is reflected as equity in net earnings of non-consolidated
companies on our Consolidated Statements of Operations. The Company believes that, while the financial statements reflect substantial
modifications, the revenues and expenses previously reported are now reflected in a line item for the Company s non-consolidated
wholly-owned subsidiaries and the modifications result in no impact to the Company's operational results. Therefore the modifications
are substantially a matter of presentation.  

  In addition, this
amendment includes modifications (i) to reflect the interest expense on the unpaid balance of the Purchase Price due the acquisition
of the SPVs, (ii) to reclassify the proceeds from an offering which were previously recorded as current liability as proceeds
on account of shares in Shareholders Deficiency, (iii)  to reflect the effects of accounting and reporting errors in calculation
of shares for services and other expense, and (iv)  to amend our disclosure in Part I, Item 4
 Controls and Procedures,  of the Original Report to change the conclusions of our principal executive officer and
principal financial officer regarding the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the fiscal
quarter ended March  31, 2016 in light of management s conclusion that the Company s internal control over financial
reporting contained a material weakness at March  31, 2016 which will be remediated by the end of the fiscal year ending
December 31, 2016 . These accounting and reporting errors and the related adjustments resulted in an understatement
of net loss of $310 thousand for the period from January 1, 2016 to March 31, 2016 and an understatement of proceeds on account
of shares of $145 thousand, an understatement of additional paid-in capital of $348 thousand, an overstatement of accumulated
other comprehensive income of $15 thousand and overstatement of accumulated deficit of $301 thousand as of March 31, 2016.  

Except as described above, this Amendment
No. 2 on Form 10-Q/A does not amend any other information set forth in the Quarterly Report. However, for the convenience of the
reader, this Amendment No. 1 on Form 10-Q/A restates in its entirety, as amended, the Quarterly Report. This Amendment No. 1 on
Form 10-Q/A is presented as of the filing date of the Quarterly Report and does not reflect events occurring after that date,
or modify or update information in the Quarterly Report, except as described above.  

PART
I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION   

ITEM
1.  FINANCIAL STATEMENTS.   

BLUE
SPHERE CORPORATION    

INTERIM
CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   

AS OF MARCH 31, 2016   

TABLE
OF CONTENTS  

BLUE
SPHERE CORPORATION    

    CONDENSED
CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS  

  (U.S.
dollars in thousands except share and per share data)  

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of the condensed consolidated financial statements.   

2   

BLUE
SPHERE CORPORATION     

    CONDENSED
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS   

  (U.S.
dollars in thousands except share and per share data)  

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of the condensed consolidated financial statements.   

3   

BLUE
SPHERE CORPORATION    

    CONDENSED
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE LOSS   

  (U.S.
dollars in thousands except share and per share data)  

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of the condensed consolidated financial statements.   

4   

BLUE
SPHERE CORPORATION    

    STATEMENTS
OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS  DEFICIENCY (UNAUDITED)   

  (U.S.
dollars in thousands, except share and per share data)  

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of the condensed consolidated financial statements.   

5   

BLUE
SPHERE CORPORATION    

    CONDENSED
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS  

  (U.S.
dollars in thousands)  

Three months ended  March
    31  

2016    
     2015  

(Unaudited)    
     (Unaudited)  
 
     CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES:    

Net loss for the period    
     $  (3,881  )    
     $  (1,812  )  
 
     Adjustments required to reconcile net loss to net cash provided by (used
    in) operating activities:    

Share based compensation    
                  
        55     
 
     Depreciation    
        4       
        1     
 
     Equity losses in nonconsolidated subsidiaries    
        670       
        (19  )  
 
     Expense in respect of convertible notes and loans    
        172       
        719     
 
     Changes in Warrants to issue shares    
        1,190       

Issuance of shares for services    
        385       
        887     

Decrease (increase) in other current assets    
        (169  )    
        151     
 
     Increase in other long term assets    
        (9  )    

Increase (decrease) in accounts payables    
        (249  )    
        22     
 
     Increase in other account payables    
        293       
        108     
 
     Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities    
        (1,594  )    
        112     
 
     CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES:    

Purchase of property and equipment    
        (60  )    

Net cash used in investing activities    
        (60  )    

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES:    

Loans received    
        50       
        311     
 
     Payment of loans and convertible debentures    
        (288  )    
        (476  )  
 
     Proceeds from issuance of shares and warrants    
        1,752       
        82     
 
     Proceeds on account of shares    
                  
        15     
 
     Proceeds from issuance of convertible debenture    
                  
        212     
 
     Net cash provided by financing activities    
        1,514       
        144     

INCREASE (DECREASE) IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS    
        (140  )    
        256     

EFFECT OF CHANGES IN EXCHANGE RATES ON CASH BALANCES IN FOREIGN CURRENCIES    
        5       

CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AT BEGINNING OF PERIOD    
        1,888       
        118     

CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AT END OF PERIOD    
     $  1,753       
     $  374     
 
     NON-CASH TRANSACTION:    

Issuance expense paid through warrants issuance    
        225       

Deferred net equity in joint ventures    
        411       

SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURE OF CASH FLOW INFORMATION:    

Cash paid during the period for:    

Interest    
     $  25       
     $          

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of the condensed consolidated financial statements.   

6   

BLUE SPHERE
CORPORATION   

NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS (unaudited) 

NOTE
1 - BASIS OF PRESENTATION  

The accompanying unaudited
condensed consolidated financial statements have been prepared on the same basis as the audited annual consolidated financial
statements and, in the opinion of management, reflect all adjustments, which include only normal recurring adjustments, necessary
to present fairly the financial position and results of operations of Blue Sphere Corporation (the  Company ).
These condensed consolidated financial statements and notes thereto are unaudited and should be read in conjunction with the Company s
audited financial statements included in its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended September 30, 2015, as filed with the
U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. The results of operations for the three months ended March 31, 2016 are not necessarily
indicative of results that could be expected for the entire fiscal year. 

NOTE
2 - GENERAL  

Blue Sphere Corporation
( the Company ), together with its wholly-owned subsidiaries, Eastern Sphere Ltd. ( Eastern ), Binosphere
LLC ( Binosphere ), Johnstonsphere LLC ( Johnstonsphere ), and Sustainable Energy Ltd. ( SEL ) ,
is focused on project integration in the clean energy production and waste to energy markets. 

The Company was incorporated
in the state of Nevada on July 17, 2007 and was originally in the business of developing and promoting automotive internet sites.
On February 17, 2010, the Company conducted a reverse merger, name change and forward split of its common stock, and in March 2010
current management took over operations, at which point the Company changed its business focus to become a project integrator in
the clean energy production and waste to energy markets. 

As of March 31, 2016, Johnstonsphere
had not commenced operations. 

On May 12, 2015 the Company
formed Bluesphere Pavia (formerly called Bluesphere Italy S.r.l.). Italy S.r.l, a subsidiary of Eastern in order to acquire certain
biogas plants located in Italy (see note 3 below). 

7  

BLUE SPHERE CORPORATION   

NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS (unaudited) 

NOTE
3   INVESTMENT IN BLUE SPHERE PAVIA  

On August 18, 2015, the
Company and two of its wholly-owned subsidiaries, Eastern and Bluesphere Pavia, entered into a Long Term Mezzanine Loan Agreement
(the  Helios Loan Agreement ) with Helios Italy Bio-Gas 1 L.P. ( Helios ). Under the Helios Loan Agreement,
Helios will make up to $5,646,628 ( 5,000,000) available to Bluesphere Pavia (the  Helios Loan ) to finance (a)
ninety percent (90%) of the total required investment of the first four SVPs acquired, (b) eighty percent (80%) of the total required
investment of up to three SVPs subsequently acquired, (c) certain broker fees incurred in connection with the acquisitions, and
(d) any taxes associated with registration of an equity pledge agreement (as described below). Each financing of an SVP acquisition
will be subject to specified conditions precedent and will constitute a separate loan under the Helios Loan Agreement. Helios
may, within 90 days of a closing, require repayment of ten percent (10%) of the relevant loan and broker fees. If no such repayment
is required, Helios may reduce the amount of its commitment to finance the acquisitions of the three additional SVPs to seventy
to eighty percent (70-80%) of the total required investment. Helios s commitment to provide any loan under the Helios Loan
Agreement that is not utilized by June 30, 2016 will automatically cancel, unless extended in writing by Helios. Subject to specified
terms, representations and warranties, the Helios Loan Agreement provides that each loan thereunder will accrue interest at a
rate of 14.5% per annum, paid quarterly. Helios will also be entitled to an annual operation fee, paid quarterly. The final payment
for each loan will become due no later than the earlier of (a) thirteen and one half years from the date such loan was made available
to Bluesphere Italy, and (b) the date that the Feed in Tariff license granted to the relevant SVP expires. Pursuant to the Helios
Loan Agreement and an equity pledge agreement, Eastern Sphere pledged all its shares in Bluesphere Pavia to secure all loan amounts
utilized under the Helios Loan Agreement.  

On December 14, 2015 ( Closing
Date ), and pursuant to a Share Purchase Agreement, dated May 14, 2015 (the  Share Purchase Agreement ), by
and among the Company s indirect wholly-owned subsidiary, Bluesphere Pavia, and Volteo Energie S.p.A., Agriholding S.r.l.,
and Overland S.r.l. (collectively, the  Sellers ), Bluesphere Pavia completed the acquisitions of one hundred percent
(100%) of the share capital of Agricerere S.r.l., Agrielektra S.r.l., Agrisorse S.r.l. and Gefa S.r.l. (each, an  SPV 
and collectively, the  SPVs ) from the Sellers. Each SPV owns and operates an anaerobic digestion biogas plant in
Italy for the production and sale of electricity to Gestore del Servizi Energetici GSE, S.p.A., a state-owned company, pursuant
to a power purchase agreement. Pursuant to the Italy Projects Agreement, the Company also issued a corporate guarantee to the
Sellers, whereby the Company will secure the obligations of Bluesphere Pavia under the Italy Projects Agreement.  

Pursuant to the Share Purchase
Agreement, the Company to pay $5,646,628 ( 5,200,000) (the  Purchase Price ), subject to certain post-closing
adjustments, to acquire the share capital of the SPVs. The Purchase Price for each SPV was determined based on a Base Line EBITDA
guaranteed by the Sellers and an Equity IRR Target calculated on the Purchase Price of no less than twenty-five percent (25%).
Fifty percent (50%) of the Purchase Price, adjusted for certain post-closing adjustments and closing costs, in the amount of $2,143,181
( 1,952,858) was paid at closing, and the balance is due to the Sellers on the third anniversary of the closing date. The
remaining fifty percent (50%) of the Purchase Price, prior to and after closing date, and any variation of EBITDA results in the
18 months following the closing date, will be promised by a note from each Seller, to be paid on the third anniversary of the
closing, along with interest on the unpaid balance due at an annual rate of two percent (2%). The portion of the Purchase Price
paid at closing was primarily financed by a loan of $3,149,081 ( 2,900,000) pursuant to the Helios Loan Agreement whereas
the Company repaid $281,580 ( 255,102) during the three months ended March 31, 2016.  

8  

BLUE SPHERE CORPORATION   

NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS (unaudited) 

NOTE
3   INVESTMENT IN BLUE SPHERE PAVIA (continued)  

In accordance with a Framework
EBITDA Guarantee Agreement, dated July 17, 2015 (the  EBITDA Agreement ), between the Company and Austep S.p.A. ( Austep ),
Austep will operate, maintain and supervise each biogas plant owned by the SPVs. In addition, Austep will guarantee a monthly
aggregate EBITDA of $204,147 ( 188,000) from the four SPVs for the initial six months following the acquisition, and thereafter
Austep will guarantee an annual aggregate EBITDA of $4,082,946 ( 3,760,000) from the four SPVs. Pursuant to the terms of
the agreements with Austep, the Company will receive the guaranteed levels of EBITDA and Austep will receive ninety (90%) of the
revenue in excess of these levels.  

The Company applied
the equity method of accounting for those investments because the Framework EBITDA Guarantee Agreement between the Company
and Austep whereas Austep operates, maintains and supervises each biogas plants prevents us from exercising a controlling
influence over operating policies of the plants. Under this method, our equity investment is reflected as an investment in
non-consolidated subsidiaries on our Condensed Balance Sheets and the net earnings or losses of the investments is
reflected as equity in net earnings of non-consolidated companies on our Consolidated Statements of Operations.  

NOTE
4 - CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

The accompanying unaudited
condensed consolidated financial statements as of March 31, 2016 and for the three months then ended have been prepared in accordance
with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States relating to the preparation of financial statements for interim
periods. Accordingly, they do not include all the information and footnotes required for annual financial statements. In the opinion
of management, all adjustments (consisting of normal recurring accruals) considered necessary for a fair presentation have been
included. Operating results for the three months ended March 31, 2016 are not necessarily indicative of the results that may be
expected for the year ending December 31, 2016. 

The September 30, 2015 Condensed
Balance Sheet data was derived from audited financial statements, but does not include all disclosures required by accounting
principles generally accepted in the United States of America. These financial statements should be read in conjunction with the
financial statements and notes thereto contained in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended September
30, 2015. 

9  

BLUE SPHERE CORPORATION   

NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS (unaudited) 

NOTE 5   SIGNIFICANT
ACCOUNTING POLICIES  

The significant accounting policies
applied in the annual financial statements of the Company as of September 30, 2015, are applied consistently in these financial
statements except for the following: 

a.   
       Business combinations and Goodwill     

The Company accounts for its
business combinations using the purchase method of accounting. Under this method, the Company allocates the purchase price to tangible
and intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on estimated fair values at the date of acquisition, with the excess
of the purchase price amount being allocated to goodwill. 

Acquisition-related and integration
costs associated to the business combination are expensed as incurred. Changes in estimates associated with future income tax assets
after measurement period are recognized as income tax expense with prospective application to all business combinations regardless
of the date of acquisition. Goodwill for each reporting unit is assessed for impairment at least annually, or when an event
or circumstance occurs that more likely than not reduces the fair value of a reporting unit below its carrying amount. An impairment
charge is recorded when the carrying amount of the reporting unit exceeds its fair value and is determined as the difference between
the goodwill s carrying amount and its implied fair value. 

b.      Investment in non-consolidated and affiliated companies   

Investments in non-consolidated
and affiliated companies that are not controlled but over which the Company can exercise significant influence (generally, entities
in which the Company holds approximately between 20% to 100% of the voting rights of the investee) are presented using the equity
method of accounting. Profits on intercompany sales, not realized outside the Company, are eliminated. The Company discontinues
applying the equity method when its investment (including advances and loans) is reduced to zero and the Company has not guaranteed
obligations of the affiliate or otherwise committed to provide further financial support to the affiliate.  

Investments in preferred
shares, which are not in substance common stock, are recorded on a cost basis according to ASC 323-10-15-13,  Investments
- Equity Method and Joint Ventures - In-substance Common Stock  and ASC 323-10-40-1,  Investment -Equity Method and
Joint Ventures - Investee Capital Transactions .  

A change in the Company s
proportionate share of an investee s equity, resulting from issuance of common or in-substance common shares by the investee
to third parties, is recorded as a gain or loss in the consolidated income statements in accordance with ASC 323-10-40-1.  

Investments in non-marketable
equity securities of entities in which the Company does not have control or the ability to exercise significant influence over
their operation and financial policies, are recorded at cost (generally when the Company holds less than 20% of the voting rights).  

Management evaluates
investments in affiliated companies, partnerships and other non-marketable equity securities for evidence of other-than-temporary
declines in value. Such evaluation is dependent on the specific facts and circumstances. Accordingly, in determining whether other-than-temporary
declines exist, management evaluates various indicators for other-than-temporary declines and evaluates financial information
(e.g. budgets, business plans, financial statements, etc.). During 2015 and 2014, no material impairment was recognized.  

c .   
       Intangible Assets    

Intangible assets consist of
non-monetary and separately identifiable assets, which can be controlled and are expected to generate future economic benefits.
Such assets are recognized at acquisition and/or production cost, including directly attributable expenses to make the asset ready
for use, net of accumulated amortization charges and any impairment losses. 

The costs incurred internally
to develop new services and platforms are considered intangible assets generated internally and are recognized as assets only if
the following requirements are met: 

1.  the cost incurred for the development of the assets
can be reliably measured; 

10  

2. 
     the entity has the intention, the availability of financial resources, the ability to complete the assets and to use or sell them;  

Capitalized development costs
include only expenses incurred that can be directly attributed to the process of developing new products and services. 

Intangible assets with a finite
useful life are amortized on a straight-line basis over their useful lives and are tested for impairment when circumstances indicate
that the carrying value may be impaired. The amortization period and the amortization method for intangible assets with a finite
useful lives are reviewed at least at each reporting date. 

11  

BLUE SPHERE CORPORATION   

NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS (unaudited) 

NOTE 5   SIGNIFICANT
ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)  

Changes in expected useful lives,
or in the way the future economic benefits will be generated by the assets, are either recognized through a change in the period
or in the amortization method and are accounted for as changes in accounting estimates. The amortization charges for intangible
assets with a finite useful life are classified in the statement of income, in the costs appropriate for the function of the related
intangible assets. 

d.   
       Long-Lived Assets    

When events or changes in circumstances
indicate that the carrying amount of long-lived assets, such as capital assets and intangible assets, may not be recoverable, undiscounted
estimated cash flows are projected over their remaining term and compared to the carrying amount. To the extent that such projections
indicate that future undiscounted cash flows are not sufficient to recover the carrying amounts of related assets, a charge is
recorded to reduce the carrying amount to the projected future discounted cash flows. 

NOTE 6 - GOING CONCERN  

The accompanying financial
statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As of March 31, 2016, the Company had
approximately $1,753,000 in cash and cash equivalents, approximately $7,668,000 in negative working capital, a stockholders 
deficit of approximately $6,384,000 and an accumulated deficit of approximately $48,573,000. Management anticipates their business
will require substantial additional investments that have not yet been secured. Management is continuing in the process of fund
raising in the private equity markets as the Company will need to finance future activities. Company s ability to continue
as a going concern is dependent upon raising capital from financing transactions and revenue from operations. These financial
statements do not include any adjustments that may be necessary should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern. The
Company s continuation as a going concern is dependent on its ability to obtain additional financing as may be required
and ultimately to attain profitability.  

NOTE 7 - NEWLY ISSUED ACCOUNTING
PRONOUNCEMENTS  

No new accounting standards
have been adopted since the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2015 was filed. 

12  

BLUE SPHERE CORPORATION   

NOTES TO CONDENSED
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (unaudited) 

NOTE
8   COMMON SHARES  

On January 26, 2016, the Company
issued 1,000,000 shares of Common Stock pursuant to a subscription agreement dated June 12, 2015. 

On February 1, 2016 the Company issued 540,000 shares of Common Stock to a consultant in respect of his consulting
services for the Company. The Company has estimated the fair value of such shares, and recorded an expense of $108,327.  

In February 2016, the
Company conducted an offering (the  Offering ) consisting of (a) up to USD $1,925,000 of the Company s
Common Stock, priced at the closing price for shares of Common
Stock, as reported on the OTCQB Venture Marketplace, on the trading day prior to the closing of the Offering, and (b) 5-year
warrants to purchase shares of Common Stock in an amount equal to 50% of the number of shares of Common Stock so purchased by
the subscriber (the  Warrants , together with the shares of Common Stock subscribed for, the
 Securities ). 

The Securities have been offered
pursuant to subscription agreements with each investor (the  Subscription Agreement ). In addition to other customary
provisions, each Subscription Agreement provides that the Company will use its reasonable commercial efforts to register all shares
of Common Stock sold in the Offering, including all shares of Common Stock underlying the Warrants, within 60 days of the closing
of the Offering. The Warrants are exercisable for 5 years from the date of issuance at $0.10 per share, include an option by which
the holder may exercise the Warrant by means of a cashless exercise, and include customary weighted-average price adjustment and
anti-dilution terms. 

On February 15, 2016, the Company
completed the only closing of the Offering, representing aggregate gross proceeds to the Company of $1,925,000. In connection with
the closing, the Company and subscribers entered into (a) Subscription Agreements for, in the aggregate, 35,000,000 shares of Common
Stock at $0.055 per share, and (b) Warrants to purchase, in the aggregate, up to 17,500,000 shares of Common Stock at an exercise
price of $0.10 per share. The warrants were accounted for as derivative liabilities. The Company has estimated the fair value of
such warrants at a value of $933,358 at the date of issuance and using the Black-Scholes option pricing model using the following
assumptions: 

13  

BLUE SPHERE CORPORATION   

NOTES TO CONDENSED
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (unaudited) 

NOTE
8   COMMON SHARES (continued)  

The Company engaged Maxim Group
LLC ( Maxim ) to assist in the Offering. Pursuant to the terms of an engagement letter between Maxim and the Company,
Maxim received commissions equal to 7% of the gross proceeds raised by Maxim in the Offering, warrants to purchase, in the aggregate,
up to 2,800,000 shares of Common Stock at an exercise price of $0.0605 per share and to purchase, in the aggregate, up to 1,400,000
shares of Common Stock at an exercise price of $0.11 per share. The Company has estimated the fair value of such warrants at a
value of $224,413 at the date of issuance and using the Black-Scholes option pricing model using the following assumptions: 

On March 15, 2016, the Company
issued 85,000 shares of common stock to a consultant in respect of his consulting services for the Company. The Company has estimated
the fair value of such shares, and recorded an expense of $5,685.  

NOTE 9   DEBENTURES
AND NOTES  

Beginning in November 2015,
the Company conducted an offering (the  Offering ) of up to $3,000,000 of the Company s Senior Debentures (the
 Debentures ) and Warrants (the  Warrants , together with the  Debentures , the  Securities )
to purchase up to 8,000,000 shares of common stock of the Company, par value $0.001 per share, in proportion pro rata to each Subscriber s
subscription amount relative to the total Offering amount, with 50% of the warrants exercisable at a price per share of $0.05 and
the other 50% of the warrants exercisable at price per share of $0.075. 

14  

BLUE SPHERE CORPORATION   

NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS (unaudited) 

NOTE 9   DEBENTURES
AND NOTES (continued)  

The Debentures bear interest
at 11%, paid quarterly, and mature in two years. The Debentures are secured by a pledge agreement between the Company and each
investor, whereby the Company pledged as collateral up to 49% of its shares of common stock in Eastern Sphere, Ltd., our wholly-owned
subsidiary (the  Pledge Agreement ). The Pledge Agreement further provides that the Company s obligations under
the Debentures rank senior to all other indebtedness of Blue Sphere Corporation, but are subordinate to all indebtedness and liabilities
of its subsidiaries and project-level operating entities. The Warrants are exercisable for 5 years from the date of issuance, with
50% exercisable at $0.05 per share and 50% exercisable at $0.075 per share 

The warrants were accounted
for as derivative liabilities. The Company has estimated the fair value of such warrants at a value of $208,597 at the date of
issuance using the Black-Scholes option pricing model using the following assumptions: 

The Securities were offered
pursuant to subscription agreements with each investor (the  Subscription Agreement ). Pursuant to the Subscription
Agreements, the investors in the Offering shall have the right to collectively designate one observer or member to the Company s
Board of Directors. 

On December 23, 2015, the Company
completed the closing of the Offering and entered into Subscription Agreements with investors representing aggregate gross proceeds
to the Company of $3,000,000. 

The Company engaged Maxim Group
LLC ( Maxim ) to assist in the Offering. Pursuant to the terms of an engagement letter between Maxim and the Company,
Maxim received commissions equal to 7% of the gross proceeds raised by Maxim in the Offering and warrants to purchase, in the aggregate,
up to 4,480,000 shares of Common Stock at an exercise price of $0.06875 per share. The Company has estimated the fair value of
such warrants at a value of $116,599 at the date of issuance using the Black-Scholes option pricing model using the following assumptions: 

On February 3, 2016, the
Company issued 3-year warrants to purchase up to 1,500,000 shares of Company s common stock at an exercise price of $0.06
per share, in full satisfaction of certain obligations of the Company.  

The Company has estimated
the fair value of such warrants at a value of $87,331 at the date of issuance using the Black-Scholes option pricing model using
the following assumptions:  

Changes in the fair value of the warrants are
recorded as interest expenses.  

15  

NOTE 10   SUBSEQUENT
EVENTS  

On April 13, 2016 the Company
issued 1,000,000 shares of Common Stock of the Company to a consultant in consideration for corporate finance, investor communications
and financial and investor public relations services. The consulting agreement provides for the issuance of an additional 1,000,000
shares of common stock as a service bonus if the agreement is not terminated prior to June 9, 2016. The Company has estimated
the fair value of such shares, and recorded an expense of $72,733.  

On April 13, 2016, we issued an aggregate of 875,000 shares of Common Stock to a consultant, pursuant
to consulting agreements dated September 1, 2015 and March 1, 2016, in consideration for investor relations and communications
services. The Company has estimated the fair value of such shares, and recorded an expense of $42,467.  

On May 18, 2016, a 1.5-year warrant to purchase shares
of Common Stock, dated May 4, 2015, was exercised into 700,000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $0.058 per share,
for total consideration of $40,600. 

On June 2, 2016 the Company
issued 13,930,742 shares of Common Stock in consideration of $145,526 that were received in December 2015 to finance a portion
of the acquisitions of one hundred percent (100%) of the SPVs.  

16  

ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT S
DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS.   

You should read the following discussion
and analysis in conjunction with our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements and related notes contained in Part
I, Item 1 of this quarterly report. 

Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements  

This report contains forward-looking statements.
Forward-looking statements are projections in respect of future events or our future financial performance. In some cases, you
can identify forward-looking statements by terminology such as  may ,  should ,  expects ,
 plans ,  anticipates ,  believes ,  estimates ,  predicts ,  potential 
or  continue  or the negative of these terms or other comparable terminology. These statements are only predictions
and involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors, including the risks set out below, any of which may cause
our or our industry s actual results, levels of activity, performance or achievements to be materially different from any
future results, levels of activity, performance or achievements expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. These
risks include, without limitation, (i) uncertainties regarding our ability to obtain adequate financing on a timely basis, including
financing for specific projects, (ii) the financial and operating performance of our projects, (iii) uncertainties regarding the
market for and value of carbon credits, renewable energy credits and other environmental attributes, (iv) political and governmental
risks associated with the countries in which we may operate, (v) unanticipated delays associated with project implementation, including
designing, constructing and equipping projects, as well as delays in obtaining required government permits and approvals, (vi)
the development stage of our business and (vii) our lack of operating history. 

This list is not an exhaustive list of
the factors that may affect any of our forward-looking statements. These and other factors should be considered carefully and readers
should not place undue reliance on our forward-looking statements. 

Forward-looking statements are made based
on management s beliefs, estimates and opinions on the date the statements are made and we undertake no obligation to update
forward-looking statements if these beliefs, estimates and opinions or other circumstances should change. Although we believe that
the expectations reflected in the forward-looking statements are reasonable, we cannot guarantee future results, levels of activity,
performance or achievements. Except as required by applicable law, including the securities laws of the United States, we do not
intend to update any of the forward-looking statements to conform these statements to actual results. 

Company Overview  

Summary of Current Operations   

We are an international Independent Power
Producer (IPP) that is globally active in the clean energy production and waste-to-energy markets. We are becoming a key player
in these rapidly growing markets by developing or acquiring projects with clean energy technologies, including but not limited
to waste-to-energy facilities that generate clean energy, such as electricity, natural gas, heat, compost and other by-products.
These markets provide tremendous opportunity, insofar as there is a virtually endless supply of waste and organic material that
can be used to generate power and valuable by-products. In particular, the disposal of organic material to landfills in most parts
of the world is a costly problem with environmentally-damaging consequences. We seek to offer a cost-effective, environmentally-safe
alternative. 

We are currently developing or operating,
as applicable, the following projects: 

United States  

Charlotte, NC Waste to Energy Anaerobic Digester 5.2 MW Plant   

Johnston, RI Waste to Energy Anaerobic Digester 3.2 MW Plant   

Italy  

Soc. agr. AGRICERERE srl   Tromello (Pavia) 999 KW Plant   

Soc. agr. AGRIELEKTRA srl   Alagna (Pavia) 999 KW Plant   

Soc. agr. AGRISORSE srl - Garlasco (Pavia) 999 KW Plant   

Soc. agr. GEFA srl   Dorno (Pavia) 999 KW Plant   

We have also entered into nonbinding letters
of intent to acquire additional biogas facilities in Italy and construct and develop a waste-to-energy facility in the Netherlands,
and we continue to evaluate a pipeline of similar projects in a less mature phase. 

17   

Results of Operations   For the Three Months Ended
March 31, 2016 Compared to the Three Months Ended March 31, 2015  

General   

On
December 14, 2015, our wholly-owned subsidiary, Bluesphere Pavia completed the acquisitions of one hundred percent (100%) of the
share capital of Agricerere S.r.l., Agrielektra S.r.l., Agrisorse S.r.l. and Gefa S.r.l. (each, an  SPV  and collectively,
the  SPVs ). Each SPV owns and operates an anaerobic digestion biogas plant in Italy for the production and sale of
electricity to Gestore del Servizi Energetici GSE, S.p.A., a state-owned company, pursuant to a power purchase agreement. Our
results of operation and have been significantly affected by this transaction. The Company applied the equity method of accounting
for those investments because the Framework EBITDA Guarantee Agreement between the Company and Austep S.p.A. ( Austep )
whereas Austep operates, maintains and supervises each biogas plants prevents us from exercising a controlling influence over
operating policies of the plants. Under this method, our equity investment is reflected as an investment in non-consolidated subsidiaries
on our Condensed Balance Sheets and the net earnings or losses of the investments is reflected as equity in net earnings of non-consolidated
companies on our Consolidated Statements of Operations.    

Deferred Revenue   

$1,481,900 
of development fees and reimbursements for the North Carolina and Rhode Island projects are recorded as deferred revenue. Upon
successful completion of the projects, this amount will be recorded as revenue. 

General and Administrative Expenses   

General and administrative expenses
for the three-month period ended March 31, 2016 were $2,082,000, as compared to $993,000 for the three-month period ended March
31, 2015.  

Net Loss   

We incurred a net loss of $3,881,000 for the three-month period ended March 31, 2016, as compared to a net
loss of $1,812,000 for the three-month period ended March 31, 2015. The increase in net loss is mainly attributable to increase
in Equity losses in nonconsolidated subsidiaries due to the acquisition of the SPVs by our wholly-owned subsidiary, Bluesphere
Pavia.  

Inflation and Seasonality  

In management s opinion, our results
of operations have not been materially affected by inflation or seasonality, and management does not expect that inflation risk
or seasonality would cause material impact on our operations in the future. 

Critical Accounting Policies  

The preparation of financial statements
in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States requires our management to make assumptions, estimates
and judgments that affect the amounts reported in the financial statements, including the notes thereto, and related disclosures
of commitments and contingencies, if any. We consider our critical accounting policies to be those that require the more significant
judgments and estimates in the preparation of financial statements. No new accounting standards have been adopted since the Company s
Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2015 was filed. The significant accounting policies applied
in the annual financial statements of the Company as of September 30, 2015 are applied consistently in these financial statements,
except for the following: 

a.        Business Combinations
and Goodwill    

The
Company accounts for its business combinations using the purchase method of accounting. Under this method, the Company allocates
the purchase price to tangible and intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on estimated fair values at the date
of acquisition, with the excess of the purchase price amount being allocated to goodwill.  

Acquisition-related
and integration costs associated with the business combination are expensed as incurred. Changes in estimates associated with
future income tax assets after measurement period are recognized as income tax expense with prospective application to all business
combinations regardless of the date of acquisition.  

Goodwill for each reporting
unit is assessed for impairment at least annually, or when an event or circumstance occurs that more likely than not reduces the
fair value of a reporting unit below its carrying amount. An impairment charge is recorded when the carrying amount of the reporting
unit exceeds its fair value and is determined as the difference between the goodwill s carrying amount and its implied fair value. 

18   

b.      Investment in non-consolidated and affiliated companies   

Investments in non-consolidated and affiliated companies that are not controlled
but over which the Company can exercise significant influence (generally, entities in which the Company holds approximately between
20% to 100% of the voting rights of the investee) are presented using the equity method of accounting. Profits on intercompany
sales, not realized outside the Company, are eliminated. The Company discontinues applying the equity method when its investment
(including advances and loans) is reduced to zero and the Company has not guaranteed obligations of the affiliate or otherwise
committed to provide further financial support to the affiliate.  

Investments in preferred shares, which are not in substance common stock,
are recorded on a cost basis according to ASC 323-10-15-13,  Investments - Equity Method and Joint Ventures - In-substance
Common Stock  and ASC 323-10-40-1,  Investment -Equity Method and Joint Ventures - Investee Capital Transactions .  

A change in the Company s proportionate share of an investee s
equity, resulting from issuance of common or in-substance common shares by the investee to third parties, is recorded as a gain
or loss in the consolidated income statements in accordance with ASC 323-10-40-1.  

Investments in non-marketable equity securities of entities in which the
Company does not have control or the ability to exercise significant influence over their operation and financial policies, are
recorded at cost (generally when the Company holds less than 20% of the voting rights).  

Management evaluates investments in affiliated companies, partnerships and
other non-marketable equity securities for evidence of other-than-temporary declines in value. Such evaluation is dependent on
the specific facts and circumstances. Accordingly, in determining whether other-than-temporary declines exist, management evaluates
various indicators for other-than-temporary declines and evaluates financial information (e.g. budgets, business plans, financial
statements, etc.). During 2015 and 2014, no material impairment was recognized.  

c.      Intangible Assets    
 
     Intangible assets
                                         consist of non-monetary and separately identifiable assets, which can be controlled and
                                         are expected to generate future economic benefits. Such assets are recognized at acquisition
                                         and/or production cost, including directly attributable expenses to make the asset ready
                                         for use, net of accumulated amortization charges and any impairment losses. Intangible
                                         assets with a finite useful life are amortized on a straight-line basis over their useful
                                         lives and are tested for impairment when circumstances indicate that the carrying value
                                         may be impaired. The amortization period and the amortization method for intangible assets
                                         with a finite useful lives are reviewed at least at each reporting date. (see Note 5
                                         to the Financial Statements). 

d.      Long-Lived Assets    
 
     When events or changes
                                         in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of long-lived assets, such as capital
                                         assets and intangible assets, may not be recoverable, undiscounted estimated cash flows
                                         are projected over their remaining term and compared to the carrying amount. To the extent
                                         that such projections indicate that future undiscounted cash flows are not sufficient
                                         to recover the carrying amounts of related assets, a charge is recorded to reduce the
                                         carrying amount to the projected future discounted cash flows. 

19   

Liquidity and Capital Resources  

Liquidity is the ability of a company to
generate funds to support its current and future operations, satisfy its obligations, and otherwise operate on an ongoing basis.
Significant factors in the management of liquidity are funds generated by operations, levels of accounts receivable and accounts
payable and capital expenditures. 

As of March 31, 2016, we had cash
of $1,753,000 as compared to $161,000 as of September 30, 2015. As of March 31, 2016, we had a working capital deficit of
$7,668,000, as compared to $7,542,000 as of September 30, 2015. The decrease in our working capital deficit is mainly
attributable the increase in our deferred revenues from joint ventures in the amount of $3,029,000, increase in our other
accounts payable and liabilities in the amount of $178,000 and increase in our current maturities of long term loans in the
amount of $314,000. The increase in our working capital deficit was mitigated by the increase in our other current assets in
the amount of $1,782,000 and increase in our cash in the amount of $1,592,000.  

Net cash used in operating activities was $1,594,000 for the three-month period ended March 31, 2016,
as compared to cash from operating activities of $112,000 for the three-month period ended March 31, 2015.  

Net cash used in investing activities
was $60,000 for the three-month period ended March 31, 2016, as compared to net cash used in investing activities of $0 for the
three-month period ended March 31, 2015. 

Net cash provided by financing activities
was approximately $1,514,000 for the three-month period ended March 31, 2016, as compared to approximately $144,000 for the three-month
period ended March 31, 2015. The increase in cash provided by financing activities was mainly attributable to an offering in February
2016 of $1,925,000 of our shares of common stock, together with warrants to purchase our common stock, in a private placement,
as further described in our Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 17, 2016. We have principally financed our operations through
the sale of our common stock and the issuance of convertible debt.  

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements  

As at March 31, 2016, we had no off-balance
sheet arrangements of any nature. 

ITEM 3. QUANTITATIVE
AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK.   

As a smaller reporting company, we are
not required to provide the information required by this item. 

ITEM 4. CONTROLS
AND PROCEDURES.   

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures   

Our management is responsible for establishing
and maintaining a system of disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Exchange Act) that is designed
to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act
is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the Commission s rules and forms. Disclosure
controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be
disclosed by an issuer in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to the issuer s
management, including its principal executive officer or officers and principal financial officer or officers, or persons performing
similar functions, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

Our management concluded that our internal
control over financial reporting and our disclosure controls and procedures were ineffective as of March 31, 2016 as a result
of material weaknesses we identified in our internal control over financial reporting relating to  maintenance
of effective controls over the completeness and accuracy of accounts payable, accrued expenses and other expenses. Specifically,
controls over cut-off and completeness of accounts payable and accrued expenses were insufficient to ensure that invoices from
certain vendors and service providers were recorded and properly evaluated at period end.  This control deficiency resulted
in audit adjustments to the transition report for  period from January 1, 2016 to March 31, 2016 .
This control deficiency resulted in a misstatement of the Company s accounts payables, accrued liabilities and General and
Administration operating. Accordingly, management has determined that this control deficiency constitutes a material weakness.
 In response to the material weaknesses described above, we recruited a seasoned Chief Financial Officers and we began implementing
and evaluating new internal controls over financial reporting and disclosure controls and procedures. Though management is still
evaluating the design of these new controls and procedures, we believe that our improved processes and procedures will assist
in the remediation of our material weaknesses. Once placed in operation for a sufficient period, we will subject these controls
and procedures to appropriate tests in order to determine whether they are operating effectively. Management, with oversight from
the Audit Committee, is committed to the remediation of known material weaknesses as expeditiously as possible.  

Our  management s
conclusion that the Company s internal control over financial reporting contained a material weakness at March  31,
2016 which will be remediated by the end of the fiscal year ending December 31, 2016 and   is in the process of determining
how best to change our current system and implement a more effective system to insure that information required to be disclosed
has been recorded, processed, summarized and reported accurately. Our management acknowledges the existence of this issue, and
is developing procedures and controls to address it to the extent possible given limitations in financial and manpower resources  

Changes in Internal Controls   

Our management, with the participation
of our CEO and CFO, performed an evaluation to determine whether any change in our internal controls over financial reporting
(as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act) occurred during the three-month period ended March 31, 2016. Based on that
evaluation, our CEO and our CFO concluded that no change occurred in the Company s internal controls over financial reporting
during the three-month period ended March 31, 2016 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect,
the Company s internal controls over financial reporting. 

20   

PART II - OTHER INFORMATION  

ITEM 1. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS.   

None. 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS.   

As a smaller reporting company, we are
not required to provide the information required by this item. 

ITEM 2. UNREGISTERED
SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS.   

On January 26, 2016, we issued 1,000,000
shares of our common stock in connection with a private offering, and pursuant to a subscription agreement dated June 12, 2015. 

On February 1, 2016, we issued 540,000
shares of our common stock pursuant to a consulting agreement dated April 3, 2015, in consideration for consulting services. 

On February 3, 2016, we issued 3-year warrants
to purchase up to 1,500,000 shares of our common stock at an exercise price of $0.06 per share, in full satisfaction of certain
obligations of the Company. 

On February 15, 2016, we completed a private
offering representing aggregate gross proceeds to the Company of USD $1,925,000, pursuant to which we issued (i) 35,000,000 shares
of our common stock priced at $0.055 per share, the closing price for our shares of common stock reported by the OTCQB Venture
Marketplace on the trading day prior to the closing of the offering, and (ii) 5-year warrants to purchase up to 17,500,000 shares
of our common stock at an exercise price of $0.10 per share, which was equal to 50% of the shares purchased in the offering. The
Company engaged Maxim Group LLC to assist in the offering, pursuant to which Maxim received 5-year warrants to purchase (a) up
to 2,800,000 shares of our common stock at an exercise price of $0.0605 per share and (b) up to 1,400,000 shares of our common
stock at an exercise price of $0.11 per share. The form and terms of the warrants issued to Maxim were substantially the same as
the warrants issued to the February 15, 2016 investors. 

On March 15, 2016, we issued 85,000 shares
of our common stock outstanding under a consulting agreement, dated February 22, 2015, in consideration for consulting services. 

On April 13, 2016, we issued 1,000,000
shares of our common stock to a consultant, pursuant to a consulting agreement dated March 9, 2016, in consideration for corporate
finance, investor communications and financial and investor public relations services. The consulting agreement provides for the
issuance of an additional 1,000,000 shares of common stock as a service bonus, because the consulting agreement was not terminated
prior to June 9, 2016. 

On April 13, 2016, we issued an aggregate of 875,000 shares of our common stock to a consultant, pursuant
to consulting agreements dated September 1, 2015 and March 1, 2016, in consideration for investor relations and communications
services. 

On May 18, 2016, the holder of a 1.5-year
warrant to purchase shares of our common stock, dated May 4, 2015, exercised the warrant in full into 700,000 shares of our common
stock at the exercise price of $0.058 per share. 

On June 2, 2016, we issued 13,930,742 shares
of our common stock in connection with an offering of our common stock and pursuant to subscription agreements dated December 2,
2015, the proceeds of which and were used to finance a portion of the closing of the acquisitions of the SPVs by Bluesphere Pavia
(See Note 3 in Part I, Item 1). For a more detailed description, see Part II, Item 5 below. 

The transactions described above were exempt
from registration under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, as transactions not involving a public offering. 

Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities   

On June 17, 2015, our Board approved a
share repurchase program (the  Share Repurchase Program ). Under the Share Repurchase Program, we are authorized to
repurchase up to $500,000 worth of our common stock. We may purchase shares of our common stock on the open market or through privately
negotiated transactions from time-to-time and in accordance with applicable laws, rules and regulations. We are not obligated to
make any purchases, including at any specific time or in any particular situation. The Share Repurchase Program may be limited
or terminated at any time without prior notice. 

21   

Our share repurchase activity during the
three months ended March 31, 2016 is presented in the table below. 

ITEM 3. DEFAULTS
UPON SENIOR SECURITIES.   

None. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY
DISCLOSURES.   

Not applicable. 

ITEM 5. OTHER INFORMATION.   

The following information is being reported
in Item 5 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, in satisfaction of Item 1.01 and Item 3.02 of a Current Report on Form 8-K, concerning
entry into a material definitive agreement and an unregistered sale of equity securities, respectively. 

In July 2015, we conducted a private placement
of up to $250,000 of our common stock at $0.0176 per share to certain accredited investors (the  July Offering ). On
December 2, 2015, we closed on the July Offering, resulting in gross proceeds to the Company of $225,526, and agreed to issue 21,588,871
shares of our common stock at $0.0104 per share (the  July 2015 Shares ), pursuant to certain subscription agreements
(the  July Offering Subscription Agreements ). All investors in the July Offering were part of group led by a member
of our Board of Directors, and one of the investors included a company in which he is the chief executive officer, but has no equity
interest. 

The proceeds to the Company of the July
Offering were received in December 2015, and were used to finance a portion of the closing of the acquisitions of the purchase
of the SPVs by Bluesphere Pavia (See Note 3 in Part I, Item 1). 

On June 2, 2016, we issued 13,930,742 shares
of our common stock pursuant to all but one of the July Offering Subscription Agreements dated December 2, 2015, with the issuance
of the remaining 7,658,129 shares of our common stock currently in process. The Company did not utilize the services of, or pay
any commissions to, a broker-dealer or third party in connection with the July Offering. 

The foregoing description of the July Offering
Subscription Agreements does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the form
of July Offering Subscription Agreements filed as Exhibit 10.7 to this Quarterly Report, and incorporated herein by reference.
The representations, warranties and covenants contained in the July Offering Subscription Agreements were made solely for the benefit
of the parties to the agreement and may be subject to limitations agreed upon by the contracting parties. Accordingly, the form
or July Offering Subscription Agreement is incorporated herein by reference only to provide investors with information regarding
its terms and not to provide investors with any other factual information regarding the Company or its business, and should be
read in conjunction with the disclosures in the Company s periodic reports and other SEC filings. 

The Company is providing this information
in accordance with Rule 135c under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the  Securities Act ), and the notice contained
herein does not constitute an offer to sell the Company s securities, and is not a solicitation for an offer to purchase
the Company s securities. The Company has sold shares of common stock in a private placement in reliance on the exemption
from registration afforded by Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act and Regulation D and/or Regulation S promulgated thereunder
since, among other things, the above transaction did not involve a public offering. Additionally, the Company relied on similar
exemptions under applicable state laws. The investor in the sale had access to information about the Company and its investments,
took July 2015 Shares for investment and not resale, and the Company took appropriate measures to restrict the transfer of the
July 2015 Shares. Upon issuance, the resale of the July 2015 Shares will not be registered under the Securities Act and may not
be offered or sold in the United States absent registration or an applicable exemption from registration requirements. 

22   

ITEM 6. EXHIBITS.   

(1) Incorporated by reference to our current
report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 17, 2016. 

 (2) Incorporated by reference to
our current report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 29, 2016. 

 (3) Incorporated by reference to
our current report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on May 4, 2016. 

* Indicates management contract or compensatory
plan or arrangement. 

** Filed herewith. 

23   

SIGNATURES   

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this quarterly report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto
duly authorized. 

BLUE SPHERE CORPORATION    

By:  
      /s/ Shlomi Palas   

President, Chief Executive Officer, Secretary and Director   

(Principal Executive Officer)   

Date: November 21, 2016   

By:  
      /s/ Ran Daniel   

Chief Financial Officer    

(Principal Accounting Officer and Principal Financial Officer)   

Date: November 21, 2016   

<EX-10.6>
 2
 ex10-6.htm
 FORM OF FEBRUARY 3, 2016 WARRANT

Blue Sphere Corporation - 10-Q/A  

Exhibit 10.6  

NEITHER THIS SECURITY NOT THE SECURITIES
FOR WHICH THIS SECURITY IS EXERCISABLE HAVE BEEN REGISTERED WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION OR THE SECURITIES COMMISSION
OF ANY STATE IN RELIANCE UPON AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE  SECURITIES
ACT ), AND, ACCORDINGLY, MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD EXCEPT PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES
ACT OR PURSUANT TO AN AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM, OR IN A TRANSACTION NOT SUBJECT TO, THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENT OF THE SECURITIES
ACT AND IN ACCORDANCE WITH APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS AS EVIDENCED BY A LEGAL OPINION OF COUNSEL TO THE TRANSFEROR TO SUCH
EFFECT, THE SUBSTANCE OF WHICH SHALL BE REASONABLY ACCEPTABLE TO THE COMPANY. THIS SECURITY AND THE SECURITIES ISSUABLE UPON EXERCISE
OF THIS SECURITY MAY BE PLEDGED IN CONNECTION WITH A BONA FIDE MARGIN ACCOUNT OR ORTER LOAN SECURED BY SUCH SECURITIES. 

COMMON STOCK PURCHASE WARRANT  

BLUESPHERE CORPORATION  

THIS COMMON STOCK PURCHASE WARRANT (the
 Warrant ) certifies that, for value received, [_____], with an address at [_____] (the  Holder ) is entitled,
upon the terms and subject to the limitations on exercise and the conditions hereinafter set forth, at any time on or after the
date hereof (the  Initial Exercise Date ) and on or prior to the close of business on the three (3) year anniversary
of the Initial Exercise Date (the  Termination Date ) but not thereafter to subscribe for and purchase from BlueSphere
Corporation, a Nevada corporation (the  Company ), up to [_____] shares (the  Warrant Shares ) of Common
Stock. The purchase price of one share of Common Stock under this Warrant shall be equal to the Exercise Price, as defined in Section
1(b). 

Section 1.              Exercise.  

a)             Exercise
of Warrant . Exercise of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant may be made, in whole or in part, at any time on or
after that Initial Exercise Date an on or before the Termination Date by delivery to the Company (or such other office or agency
of the Company as it may designate by notice in writing to the registered Holder at the address of the Holder appearing on the
books of the Company) of a duly executed facsimile copy of the Notice of Exercise Form annexed hereto; and, within 3 Business Days
of the date said Notice of Exercise is delivered to the Company, the Company shall have received payment of the aggregate Exercise
Price of the shares thereby purchased by wire transfer or cashier s check drawn on a United States bank. Notwithstanding
anything herein to the contrary, the Holder shall not be required to physically surrender this Warrant to the Company until the
Holder has purchased all of the Warrant Shares available hereunder and the Warrant has been exercised in full, in which case, the
Holder shall surrender this Warrant to the Company for cancellation within 3 Business Days of the date the final Notice of Exercise
is delivered to the Company. Partial exercises of this Warrant resulting in purchases of a portion of the total number of Warrant
Shares available hereunder shall have the effect of lowering the outstanding number of Warrant Shares purchasable hereunder in
an amount equal to the applicable number of Warrant Shares purchased. The Holder and the Company shall maintain records showing
the number of Warrant Shares purchased and the date of such purchases. The Company shall deliver any objection to any Notice of
Exercise Form within 1 Business Day of receipt of such notice. In the event of any dispute or discrepancy, the records of the Holder
shall be controlling and determinative in the absence of manifest error.  The Holder and any assignee, by acceptance of this
Warrant, acknowledge and agree that, by reason of the provisions of this paragraph, following the purchase of a portion of the
Warrant Shares hereunder, the number of Warrant Shares available for purchase hereunder at any given time may be less than the
amount stated on the face hereof.  

b)             Exercise
Price . The exercise price per share of the Common Stock under this Warrant shall be $0.06, subject to adjustment hereunder
(the  Exercise Price ). 

c)             Cashless
Exercise.  If there is no effective Registration Statement registering, or no current prospectus available for, the resale of
the Warrant Shares by the Holder, then this Warrant may also be exercised at such time by means of a  cashless exercise 
in which the Holder shall be entitled to receive a certificate for the number of Warrant Shares equal to the quotient obtained
by dividing [(A-B) (X)] by (A), where: 

(A) = VWAP on the Business
Day immediately preceding the date of such election; 

(B) = the Exercise Price of this
Warrant, as adjusted; and 

(X) = the number of
Warrant Shares issuable upon exercise of this Warrant in accordance with the terms of this Warrant by means of a cash exercise
rather than a cashless exercise. 

Notwithstanding anything
herein to the contrary, on the Termination Date, this Warrant shall be automatically exercised via cashless exercise pursuant to
this Section 1 (c). The  VWAP  shall mean, for any date, the price determined by the first of the following clauses
that applies: (a) if the Common Stock is then listed or quoted on a Trading Market, the daily volume weighted average price of
the Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding date) on the Trading Market on which the Common Stock is then listed or
quoted for trading as reported by Bloomberg, L.P. (based on a Business Day from 9:30 a.m. (New York City time) to 4:02 p.m. (New
York City time); (b) if the OTC Bulletin Board is not a Trading Market, the volume weighted average price of the Common Stock for
such date (or the nearest preceding date) on the OTC Bulletin Board, (c) if the Common Stock is not then listed or quoted for trading
on the OTC Bulletin Board and if prices for the Common Stock are then reported in the  Pink Sheets  published by Pink
Sheets, LLC (or a similar organization or agency succeeding to its functions of reporting prices), the most recent bid price per
share of the Common Stock so reported; or (d) in all other cases, the fair market value of a share of Common Stock as determined
by an independent appraiser selected in good faith by the Holders of a majority in interest of the Shares then outstanding and
reasonably acceptable to the Company, the fees and expenses of which shall be paid by the Company. 

d)             Exercise
Limitations.  After such date that the Common Stock is registered under Section 12(b) or 12(g) of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act ), the Company shall not effect any exercise of this Warrant, and a Holder shall
not have the right to exercise any portion of this Warrant, pursuant to Section 1 or otherwise, to the extent that after giving
effect to such issuance after exercise as set forth on the applicable Notice of Exercise, the Holder together with the Holder s
Affiliates, and any other person or entity acting as a group together with the Holder or any of the Holder s affiliates,
as defined under the Securities Act ( Affiliates ), would beneficially own in excess of the Beneficial Ownership Limitation
(as defined below). For purposes of the foregoing sentence, the number of shares of Common Stock beneficially owned by the Holder
and its Affiliates shall include the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of this Warrant with respect to which
such determination is being made, but shall exclude the number of shares of Common Stock which would be issuable upon (A) exercise
of the remaining, nonexercised portion of this Warrant beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its Affiliates and (B) exercise
or conversion of the unexercised or nonconverted portion of any other securities of the Company (including, without limitation,
any other common stock equivalents) subject to a limitation on conversion or exercise analogous to the limitation contained herein
beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its affiliates. Except as set forth in the preceding sentence, for purposes of this
Section 1(d), beneficial ownership shall be calculated in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations
promulgated thereunder, it being acknowledged by the Holder that the Company is not representing to the Holder such calculation
is in compliance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the Holder is solely responsible for any schedules to be filed in accordance
therewith. To the extent that the limitation contained in this Section 1(d) applies, the determination of whether this Warrant
is exercisable (in relation to other securities owned by the Holder together with any Affiliates) and of which portion of this
Warrant is exercisable shall be in the sole discretion of the Holder, and the submission of a Notice of Exercise shall be deemed
to be the Holder s determination of whether this Warrant is exercisable (in relation to other securities owned by the Holder
together with any Affiliates) and of which portion of this Warrant is exercisable, in each case subject to the Beneficial Ownership
Limitation, and the Company shall have no obligation to verify or confirm the accuracy of such determination. In addition, a determination
as to any group status as contemplated above shall be determined in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules
and regulations promulgated thereunder. For purposes of this Section 1(b), in determining the number of outstanding shares of Common
Stock, a Holder may rely on the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock as reflected in (A) the most recent public announcement
by the Company or (B) any other notice by the Company or the Transfer Agent setting forth the number of shares of Common Stock
outstanding. Upon the written or oral request of a Holder, the Company shall within two Business Days confirm orally and in writing
to the Holder the number of shares of Common Stock then outstanding. In any case, the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock
shall be determined after giving effect to the conversion or exercise of securities of the Company, including this Warrant, by
the Holder or its Affiliates since the date as of which such number of outstanding shares of Common Stock was reported. The  Beneficial
Ownership Limitation  shall be 4.99% of the number of shares of the Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect
to the issuance of shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of this Warrant. The Holder, upon not less than 61 days 
prior notice to the Company, may increase or decrease the Beneficial Ownership Limitation provisions of this Section 1(d), provided
that the Beneficial Ownership Limitation in no event exceeds 9.99% of the number of shares of the Common Stock outstanding immediately
after giving effect to the issuance of shares of Common Stock upon exercise of Warrant held by the Holder and the provisions of
this Section 1(d) shall continue to apply. Any such increase or decrease will not be effective until the 61 st  day after
such notice is delivered to the Company. The provisions of this paragraph shall be construed and implemented in a manner otherwise
than in strict conformity with the terms of this Section 1(d) to correct this paragraph (or any portion hereof) which may be defective
or inconsistent with the intended Beneficial Ownership Limitation herein contained or to make changes or supplements necessary
or desirable to properly give effect to such limitation. The limitations contained in this paragraph shall apply to a successor
holder of this Warrant. 

2   

e)            Mechanics
of Exercise . 

i.               Delivery
of Certificates Upon Exercise . Certificates for shares purchased hereunder shall be transmitted by the Transfer Agent to the
Holder by crediting the account of the Holder s prime broker with the Depository Trust Company through its Deposit Withdrawal
Agent Commission ( DWAC ) system if the Company is then a participant in such system and either (A) there is an effective
Registration Statement permitting the resale of the Warrant Shares by the Holder or (B) the shares are eligible for resale without
volume or manner-of-sale limitations pursuant to Rule 144, and otherwise by physical delivery to the address specified by the
Holder in the Notice of Exercise within 3 Business Days from the delivery to the Company of the Notice of Exercise Form, surrender
of this Warrant (if required) and payment of the aggregate Exercise Price as set forth above (the  Warrant Share Delivery
Date ). This Warrant shall be deemed to have been exercised on the date the Exercise Price is received by the Company. The
Warrant Shares shall be deemed to have been issued, and Holder or any other person so designated to be named therein shall be
deemed to have become a holder of record of such shares for all purposes, as of the date the Warrant has been exercised by payment
to the Company of the Exercise Price (or by cashless exercise, if permitted) and all taxes required to be paid by the Holder,
if any, pursuant to Section 1(e)(vi) prior to the issuance of such shares, have been paid. If the Company fails for any reason
to deliver to the Holder certificates evidencing the Warrant Share Subject to a Notice of Exercise by the Warrant Share Delivery
Date, the Company shall pay to the Holder, in cash, as liquidated damages and not as a penalty, for each $1,000 of Warrant Shares
subject to such exercise (based on the VWAP of the Common Stock on the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise), $10 per Business
Day (increasing to $20 per Business Day on the fifth Business Day after such liquidated damages begin to accrue) for each Business
Day after such Warrant Share Delivery Date until such certificates are delivered. 

ii.              Delivery
of New Warrant Upon Exercise . If this Warrant shall have been exercised in part, the Company shall, at the request of a Holder
and upon surrender of this Warrant certificate, at the time of delivery of the certificate or certificates representing Warrant
Shares, deliver to Holder a new Warrant evidencing the rights of Holder to purchase the unpurchased Warrant Shares called for
by this Warrant, which new Warrant shall in all other respects be identical with the Warrant. 

iii.             Rescission
Rights . If the Company fails to cause the Transfer Agent to transmit to the Holder a certificate or the certificates representing
the Warrant Shares pursuant to Section 1(e)(i) by the Warrant Shares Delivery Date, then, the Holder will have the right to rescind
such exercise. 

iv.             Compensation
for Buy-In on Failure to Timely Deliver Certificates Upon Exercise . In addition to any other rights available to the Holder,
if the Company fails to cause the Transfer Agent to transmit to the Holder a certificate or the certificates representing the Warrant
Shares pursuant to an exercise on or before the Warrant Shares Delivery Date, and if after such date the Holder is required by
its broker to purchase (in an open market transaction or otherwise) or the Holder s brokerage firm otherwise purchases, shares
of Common Stock to deliver in satisfaction of a sale by the Holder of the Warrant Shares which the Holder anticipated receiving
upon such exercise (a  Buy-In ), then the Company shall (A) pay in cash to the Holder the amount by which (x) the Holder s
total purchase price (including brokerage commissions, if any) for the shares of Common Stock so purchased exceeds (y) the amount
obtained by multiplying (1) the number of Warrant Shares that the Company was required to deliver to the Holder in connection with
the exercise at issue times (2) the price at which the sell order giving rise to such purchase obligation was executed, and (B)
at the option of the Holder, either reinstate the portion of the Warrant and equivalent number of Warrant Shares for which such
exercise was not honored or deliver to the Holder the number of shares of Common Stock that would have been issued had the Company
timely complied with its exercise and delivery obligations hereunder. For example, if the Holder purchases Common Stock having
a total purchase price of $11,000 to cover a Buy-In with respect to an attempted exercise of shares of Common Stock with an aggregate
sale price rise to such purchase obligation of $10,000, under clause (A) of the immediately preceding sentence the Company shall
be required to pay the Holder $1,000. The Holder shall provide the Company written notice indicating the amounts payable to the
Holder in respect of the Buy-In and, upon request of the Company, evidence of the amount of such loss. Nothing herein shall limit
a Holder s right to pursue any other remedies available to it hereunder, at law or in equity including, without limitation,
a decree of specific performance and/or injunctive relief with respect to the Company s failure to timely deliver certificates
representing shares of Common Stock upon exercise of the Warrant as required pursuant to the terms hereof. 

v.              No
Fractional Share or Strip.  No fractional shares or scrip representing fractional shares shall be issued upon the exercise of
this Warrant. As to any fraction of a share which Holder would otherwise be entitled to purchase upon such exercise, the Company
shall, at its election, either pay a cash adjustment in respect of such final fraction in an amount equal to such fraction multiplied
by the Exercise Price or round up to the next share. 

vi.      
      Charges, Taxes and Expenses.  Issuance of certificates for Warrant Shares shall be made
without charge to the Holder for any issue or transfer tax or other incidental expense in respect of the issuance of such
certificate, all of which taxes and expenses shall be paid by the Company, and such certifications shall be issued in the
name of the Holder or in such name or names as may by directed by the Holder;  provided , however, that in the event
certificates for Warrant Shares are to be issued in a name other than the name of the Holder, this Warrant when surrendered
for exercise shall be accompanied by the Assignment Form attached hereto duly executed by the Holder and the Company may
require, as a condition thereto, the payment of a sum sufficient to reimburse it for any transfer tax incidental thereto. 

vii.            Closing
of Books.  The Company will not close its stockholder books or records in any manner which prevent the timely exercise of this
Warrant, pursuant to the terms hereof. 

3   

Section 2.               Certain Adjustments.  

a)             Stock
Dividends and Splits.  If the Company, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding: (i) pays a stock dividend or otherwise
makes a distribution or any other equity or equity equivalent securities payable in shares of Common Stock (which, for avoidance
of doubt, shall not include any shares of Common Stock issued by the Company upon exercise of this Warrant), (ii) subdivides outstanding
shares of Common Stock into a larger number of shares, (iii) combines (including by way of reverse stock outstanding shares of
Common Stock into a smaller number of shares of (iv) issues by reclassification of shares of Common Stock into a smaller number
of shares or (iv) issues by reclassification of shares of the Common Stock any shares of capital stock of the Company, then in
each case the Exercise Price shall be multiplied by a fraction of which the numerator shall be the number of shares of Common Stock
(excluding treasury shares, if any) outstanding immediately before such event and of which the denominator shall be the number
of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after such event and the number of shares issuable upon exercise of this Warrant
shall be proportionately adjusted such that the aggregate Exercise Price of this Warrant shall remain unchanged. Any adjustment
made pursuant to this Section 2(a) shall become effective immediately after the record date for the determination of stockholders
entitled to receive such dividend or distribution and shall become effective immediately after the effective date in the case of
a subdivision, combination or re-classification. 

b)             Subsequent
Equity Sales.  If the Company or any Subsidiary thereof, as applicable, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding, shall
sell or grant any option to purchase, or sell or grant any right to reprice, or otherwise dispose of or issue (or announce any
offer, sale, grant or any option to purchase or other disposition, other than the extension of the exercise dates of any warrants
outstanding at the date hereof) any Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents entitling any Person to acquire shares of Common Stock,
at an effective price per share less than the then Exercise Price (such lower price, the   Base Share Price  
and such issuances collectively, a   Dilutive Issuance  ) (if the holder of the Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents
so issued shall at any time, whether by operation of purchase price adjustments, reset provisions, floating conversion, exercise
or exchange prices or otherwise, or due to warrants, options or rights per share which are issued in connection with such issuance,
be entitled to receive shares of Common Stock at an effective price per share which is less than the Exercise Price, such issuance
shall be deemed to have occurred for less than the Exercise Price on such date of the Dilutive Issuance), then the Exercise Price
shall be reduced by multiplying the Exercise Price by a fraction, the numerator of which is the number of shares of Common Stock
issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Dilutive Issuance plus the number of shares of Common Stock which the offering
price for such Dilutive Issuance would purchase at the then Exercise Price, and the denominator of which shall be the sum of the
number of shares of Common Stock issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Dilutive Issuance plus the number of shares of
Common Stock so issued or issuable in connection with the Dilutive Issuance. Additionally, the number of Warrant Shares issuable
hereunder shall be increased such that the aggregate Exercise Price payable hereunder, after taking into account the decrease in
the Exercise Price, shall be equal to the aggregate Exercise Price prior to such adjustment. Such adjustment shall be made whenever
such Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents are issued. Notwithstanding the foregoing, no adjustments shall be made, paid or
issued under this Section 2(b) in respect of an Exempt Issuance. The Company shall notify the Holder, in writing, no later than
the Business Day following the issuance of any Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents subject to this Section 2(b), indicating
therein the applicable issuance price, or applicable reset price, exchange price, conversion price and other pricing terms (such
notice, the   Dilutive Issuance Notice  ). For purposes of clarification, whether or not the Company provides
a Dilutive Issuance Notice pursuant to this Section 2(b), upon the occurrence of any Dilutive Issuance, after the date of such
Dilutive Issuance the Holder is entitled to receive a number of Warrant Shares based upon the Base Share Price regardless of whether
the Holder accurately refers to the Base Share Price in the Notice of Exercise. 

c)             Subsequent
Rights Offerings . If the Company, at any time while the Warrant is outstanding, shall issue rights, options or warrants to
all holders of Common Stock (and not to Holders) entitling them to subscribe for or purchase shares of Common Stock at a price
per share less than the VWAP at the record date mentioned below, then the Exercise Price shall be multiplied by a fraction, of
which the denominator shall be the number of shares of the Common Stock outstanding on the date of issuance of such rights or warrants
plus the number of additional shares of Common Stock offered for subscription or purchase, and of which the numerator shall be
the number of shares of the Common Stock outstanding on the date of issuance of such rights or warrants plus the number of shares
which the aggregate offering price of the total number of shares so offered (assuming receipt by the Company in full of all consideration
payable upon exercise of such rights, options or warrants) would purchase at such VWAP. Such adjustment shall be made whenever
such rights or warrants are issued, and shall become effective immediately after the record date for the determination of stockholders
entitled to receive such rights, options or warrants. 

d)             Pro
Rata Distributions . If the Company, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding, shall distribute to all holders of Common
Stock (and not to Holders of the Warrants) evidences of its indebtedness or assets (including cash and cash dividends) or rights
or warrants to subscribe for or purchase any security other than the Common Stock (which shall be subject to Section 3(b)), then
in each such case the Exercise Price shall be adjusted by multiplying the Exercise Price in effect immediately prior to the record
date fixed for determination of stockholders entitled to receive such distribution by a fraction of which the denominator shall
be the VWAP determined as of the record date mentioned above, and of which the numerator shall be such VWAP on such record date
less the then per share fair market value at such record date of the portion of such assets or evidence of indebtedness so distributed
applicable to one outstanding share of the Common Stock as determined by the Board of Directors in good faith. In either case the
adjustments shall be described in a statement provided to the Holder of the portion of assets or evidences of indebtedness so distributed
or such subscription rights applicable to one share of Common Stock. Such adjustment shall be made whenever any such distribution
is made and shall become effective immediately after the record date mentioned above. 

4   

e)             Fundamental
Transaction.  If, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding, (i) the Company effects any merger or consolidation of the
Company with or into another Person, (ii) the Company effects any sale of all or substantially all of its assets in one or a series
of related transactions, (iii) any tender offer or exchange offer (whether by the Company or another Person) is completed pursuant
to which holders of Common Stock are permitted to tender or exchange their shares for other securities, cash or property or (iv)
the Company effects any reclassification of the Common Stock or any compulsory share exchange pursuant to which the Common Stock
is effectively converted into or exchanged for other securities, cash or property (each a  Fundamental Transaction ),
then, upon any subsequent exercise of this Warrant, the Holder shall have the right to receive, for Warrant Share that would have
been issuable upon such exercise immediately prior to the occurrence of such Fundamental Transaction, the number of shares of Common
Stock of the successor or acquiring corporation or of the Company, if it is the surviving corporation, and any additional consideration
(the  Alternate Consideration ) receivable as a result of such merger, consolidation or disposition of assets by a
holder of the number of shares of Common Stock for which this Warrant is exercisable immediately prior to such event. For purposes
of any such exercise, the determination of the Exercise Price shall be appropriately adjusted to apply to such Alternate Consideration
based on the amount of Alternate Consideration issuable in respect of one share of Common Stock in such Fundamental Transaction,
and the Company shall apportion the Exercise Price among the Alternative Consideration in a reasonable manner reflecting the relative
value of any different components of the Alternative Consideration. If holders of Common Stock are given any choice as to the securities,
cash or property to be received in a Fundamental Transaction, then the Holder shall be given the same choice as to the Alternative
Consideration it receives upon any exercise of this Warrant following such Fundamental Transaction. To the extent necessary to
effectuate the foregoing provision any successor to the Company or surviving entity in such Fundamental Transaction shall issue
to the Holder a new warrant consistent with the foregoing provisions and evidencing the Holder s right to exercise such warrant
into Alternate Consideration. The terms of any agreement pursuant to which a Fundamental Transaction is effected shall include
terms requiring any such successor or surviving entity to comply with the provisions of this Section 2 (e) and insuring that this
Warrant (or any such replacement security) will be similarly adjusted upon any subsequent transaction analogous to a Fundamental
Transaction. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary and after such date that the Common Stock is quoted or listed for trading
on a Trading Market, in the event of a Fundamental Transaction that is (1) an all cash transaction, (2) a  Rule 13e-3 transaction 
as defined in Rule 13e-3 under the Exchange Act, or (3) a Fundamental Transaction involving a person or entity not traded on a
national securities exchange, the Nasdaq Global Select Market, the Nasdaq Global Market, or the Nasdaq Capital Market, the Company
or any successor entity shall pay at the Holder s option, exercisable at any time concurrently with or within 30 days after
the consummation of the Fundamental Transaction, an amount of cash equal to the value of this Warrant as determined in accordance
with the Black Scholes Option Pricing Model obtained from the  OV  function on Bloomberg L.P. using (A) a price per
share of Common Stock equal to the VWAP of the Common Stock for the Business Day immediately preceding the date of consummation
of the applicable Fundamental Transaction, (B) the risk-free interest rate corresponding to the U.S. Treasury rate for a period
equal to the remaining term of this Warrant as of the date of consummation of the applicable Fundamental Transaction, (C) an expected
volatility equal to the 100 day volatility obtained from the  HVT  function on Bloomberg L.P. determined as of the
Business Day immediately following the public announcement of the applicable Fundamental Transaction and (D) a remaining option
time equal to the time between the date of the public announcement of such transaction and the Termination Date. 

f)             Calculations. 
All calculations under this Section 2 shall be to the nearest cent or the nearest 1/100th of a share, as the case may be. For purposes
of this Section 2, the number of share of Common Stock deemed to be issued and outstanding as of a given date shall be the sum
of the number of shares of Common Stock (excluding treasury shares, if any) issued and outstanding. 

g)            Notice
to Holder . 

i.               Adjustment
to Exercise Price . Whenever the Exercise Price is adjusted pursuant to any provision of this Section 2, the Company shall promptly
mail to the Holder a notice setting forth the Exercise Price after such adjustment and setting forth a brief statement of the facts
requiring such adjustment. If the Company enters into a Variable Rate Transaction, the Company shall be deemed to have issued Common
Stock or Common Stock Equivalents at the lowest possible conversion or exercise price at which such securities may be converted
or exercised. 

ii.              Notice
to Allow Exercise by Holder . If (A) the Company shall declare a dividend (or any other distribution in whatever form) on the
Common Stock, (B) the Company shall declare a special nonrecurring cash dividend on a redemption of the Common Stock, (C) the Company
shall authorize the granting to all holders of the Common Stock rights or warrants to subscribe for or purchase any shares of capital
stock of any rights, (D) the approval of any stockholders of the Company shall be required in connection with any reclassification
of the Common Stock, any consolidation or merger to which the Company is a party, any sale or transfer of all or substantially
all of the assets of the Company, of any compulsory share exchange whereby the Common Stock is converted into other securities,
cash or property, or (E) the Company shall authorize the voluntary or involuntary or involuntary dissolution, liquidation or winding
up of the affairs of the Company, then, in each case, the Company shall cause to be mailed to the Holder at its last address as
it shall appear upon the Warrant Register of the Company, no later than 20 calendar days prior to the applicable record or effective
date hereinafter specified, a notice stating (x) the date on which record is to be taken for the purpose of such dividend, distribution,
redemption, rights or warrants, or if a record is not to be taken, the date as of which the holders of the Common Stock of record
to be entitled to such dividend, distributions, redemption, rights or warrants are to be determined; (y) the date on which such
reclassification, consolidation, merger, sale, transfer or share exchange is expected to become effective or close, and the date
as of which it is expected that holders of the Common Stock of record shall be entitled to exchange their shares of the Common
Stock for securities, cash or other property deliverable upon such reclassification, consolidation, merger, sale, transfer or share
exchange; or (z) the date on which termination of the Warrant shall be effective; provided that the failure to mail such notice
or any defect therein or in the mailing thereof shall not affect the validity of the corporate action required to be specified
in such notice. The Holder is entitled to exercise this Warrant during the period commencing on the date of such notice to the
effective date of the event triggering or described in such notice. 

5   

Section 3.               Transfer of Warrant . 

a)             Transferability. 
Subject to compliance with any applicable securities laws this Warrant and all rights hereunder (including, without limitation,
any registration rights) are transferable, in whole or in part, upon surrender of this Warrant at the principal office of the Company
or its designated agent, together with a written assignment of this Warrant substantially in the form attached hereto duly executed
by the Holder or its agent or attorney and funds sufficient to pay any transfer taxes payable upon the making of such transfer.
Upon such surrender and, if required, such payment, the Company shall execute and deliver a new Warrant or Warrants in the name
of the assignee or assignees, as applicable, and in the denomination or denominations specified in such instrument of assignment,
and shall issue to the assignor a new Warrant evidencing the portion of this Warrant not so assigned, and this Warrant shall promptly
be cancelled. The Warrant, if properly assigned, may be exercised by a new holder for the purchase of Warrant Shares without having
a new Warrant issued. 

b)             New
Warrants . This Warrant may be divided or combined with other Warrants upon presentation hereof a the aforesaid office of the
Company, together with a written notice specifying the names and denominations in which new Warrants are to be issued, signed by
the Holder or its agent or attorney. Subject to compliance with Section 3(a), as to any transfer which may be involved in such
division or combination, the Company shall execute and deliver a new Warrant or Warrants in exchange for the Warrant or Warrants
to be divided or combined in accordance with such notice. All Warrants issued on transfers or exchanges shall be dated the original
Issue Date and shall be identical with this Warrant except as to the number of Warrant Shares issuable pursuant thereto. 

c)             Warrant
Register . The Company shall register this Warrant, upon records to be maintained by the Company for that purpose (the  Warrant
Register ), in the name of the record Holder hereof from time to time. The Company may deem and treat the registered Holder
of this Warrant as the absolute owner hereof for the purpose of any exercise hereof or any distribution to the Holder, and for
all purposes, absent actual notice to the contrary. 

Section 4.               Miscellaneous.  

a)             No
Rights as Stockholder Until Exercise . This Warrant does not entitle the Holder to any voting rights or other rights as a stockholder
of the Company prior to the exercise hereof as set forth in Section 1(e)(i). 

b)             Loss,
Theft, Destruction or Mutilation of Warrant . The Company covenants that upon receipt by the Company of evidence reasonably
satisfactory to it of the loss, theft, destruction or mutilation of this Warrant or any stock certificate relating to the Warrant
Shares, and in case of loss, theft or destruction, of indemnity or security reasonably satisfactory to it (which, in case of the
Warrant, shall not include the posting of any bond), and upon surrender and cancellation of such Warrant or stock certificate,
if mutilated, the Company will make and deliver a new Warrant or stock certificate of like tenor and dated as of such cancellation,
in lieu of such Warrant or stock certificate. 

c)             Saturdays,
Sundays, Holidays, etc . If the last or appointed day for the taking of any action or the expiration of any right required or
granted herein shall not be a Business Day, then, such action may be taken or such right may be exercised on the next succeeding
Business Day. 

d)             Authorized
Shares.  

The Company covenants
that, during the period the Warrant is outstanding, it will reserve from its authorized and unissued Common Stock a sufficient
number of shares to provide for the issuance of the Warrant Shares upon the exercise of any purchase rights under this Warrant.
The Company further covenants that its issuance of this Warrant shall constitute full authority to its officers who are changed
with the duty of executing stock certificates to execute and issue the necessary certificates for the Warrant Shares upon the exercise
of the purchase rights under this Warrant. The Company will take all such reasonable action as may be necessary to assure that
such Warrant Shares may be issued as provided herein without violation of any applicable law or regulation, or of any requirements
of the Trading Market upon which the Common Stock may be listed. The Company covenants that all Warrant Shares which may be issued
upon the exercise of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant will, upon exercise of the purchase rights represented by
this Warrant, be duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable and free from all taxes, liens and charges created
by the Company in respect of the issue thereof (other than taxes in respect of any transfer occurring contemporaneously with such
issue). 

6   

Except and to the extent
as waived or consented to by the Holder, the Company shall not take any action, including, without limitation, amend its certificate
of incorporation or through any reorganization, transfer of assets, consolidation, merger, dissolution, issue or sale of securities
or any other voluntary action, avoid or seek to avoid the observance or performance of any of the terms of this Warrant, but will
at all times in good faith assist in the carrying out of all such terms and in the taking of all such actions as may be necessary
or appropriate to protect the rights of Holder as set forth in this Warrant against impairment. Without limiting the generality
of the forgoing, the Company will (i) not increase the par value of any Warrant Shares above the amount payable therefor upon such
exercise immediately prior to such increase in par value, (ii) take all such action as may be necessary or appropriate in order
that the Company may validly and legally issue fully paid and nonassessable Warrant Shares upon the exercise of this Warrant and
(iii) use commercially reasonable efforts to obtain all such authorizations, exemptions or consents from any public regulatory
body having jurisdiction thereof, as may be necessary to enable the Company to perform its obligations under this Warrant. 

Before taking any action
which would result in an adjustment in the number of Warrant Shares for which this Warrant is exercisable or in the Exercise Price,
the Company shall obtain all such authorizations or exemptions thereof, or consents thereto, as may be necessary from any public
regulatory body or bodies having jurisdiction thereof. 

e)             Jurisdiction .
All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of this Warrant, if not registered, will have
restrictions upon resale imposed by state and federal securities laws. 

f)             Restrictions. 
The Holder acknowledges that the Warrant Shares acquired upon the exercise of this Warrant, if not registered, will have restrictions
upon resale imposed by state and federal securities laws. 

g)            Nonwaiver
and Expenses.  No course of dealing or any delay or failure to exercise any right hereunder on the part of Holder shall operate
as a waiver of such right or otherwise prejudice Holder s rights, powers or remedies, notwithstanding the fact that all rights
hereunder terminate on the Termination Date. If the Company willfully and knowingly fails to comply with any provision of this
Warrant, which results in any material damages to the Holder, the Company shall pay to Holder such amounts as shall be sufficient
to cover any costs and expenses including, but not limited to, reasonable attorney s fees, including those of appellate proceedings,
incurred by Holder in collecting any amounts due pursuant hereto or in otherwise enforcing any of its rights, powers or remedies
hereunder. 

h)            Notices .
Any and all notices or other communications or deliveries required or permitted to be provided hereunder shall be in writing and
shall be deemed given and effective on the earliest of (a) the date of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered
via facsimile at the facsimile number set forth in this Warrant prior to 5:30 p.m. (New York City time) on a Business Day, (b)
the next Business Day after the date of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered via facsimile at the facsimile
number set forth in this Warrant hereto on a day that is not a Business Day or later than 5:30 p.m. (New York City time) on any
Business Day, (c) the 2 nd  Business Day following the date of mailing, if sent by U.S. nationally recognized overnight
courier service, or (d) upon actual receipt by the party to whom such notice is required to be given. The address for such notices
and communication shall be [insert warrant holder s address here]. 

i)             Limitation
of Liability.  No provision hereof, in the absence of any affirmative action by Holder to exercise this Warrant to purchase
Warrant Shares, and no enumeration herein of the rights or privileges of Holder, shall give rise to any liability of Holder for
the purchase price of any Common Stock or as a stockholder of the Company, whether such liability is asserted by the Company or
by creditors of the Company. 

j)             Remedies .
The Holder, in addition to being entitled to exercise all rights granted by law, including recovery of damages, will be entitled
to specific performance of its rights under this Warrant. The Company agrees that monetary damages would not be adequate compensation
for any loss incurred by reason of a breach by it of the provisions of this Warrant and hereby agrees to waive and not to assert
the defense in any action for specific performance that a remedy at law would be adequate. 

k)            Successors
and Assigns.  Subject to applicable securities laws, this Warrant and the rights and obligations evidenced hereby shall inure
to the benefit of and be binding upon the successors of the Company and the successors and permitted assigns of Holder. The provisions
of this Warrant are intended to be for the benefit of all Holders from time to time of this Warrant and shall be enforceable by
the Holder of holder of Warrant Shares. 

l)             Amendment. 
This Warrant may be modified or amended or the provisions hereof waived with the written consent of the Company and Holders holding
Warrants at least equal to 67% of the Warrant Shares issuable upon exercise of all then outstanding Warrants. 

m)           Severability. 
Wherever possible, each provision of this Warrant shall be interpreted in such manner as to be effective and valid under applicable
law, but if any provision of this Warrant shall be prohibited by or invalid under applicable law, such provision shall be ineffective
to the extent of such prohibition or invalidity, without invalidating the remainder of such provisions or the remaining provisions
of this Warrant. 

n)            Headings. 
The headings used in this Warrant are for the convenience of reference only and shall not, for any purpose, be deemed a part of
this Warrant. 

******************** 

( Signature Page Follows ) 

7   

IN WITNESS
WHEREOF, the Company has caused this Warrant to be executed by its officer thereunderto duly authorized as of the date first
above indicated. 

BLUESPHERE CORPORATION    

By:  

Name:  
         Shlomi Palas   

Title:  
         Chief Executive Officer   

8   

NOTICE OF EXERCISE  

TO:        BLUESPHERE CORPORATION 

(1)          The
undersigned hereby elects to purchase ____________ Warrant Shares of the Company pursuant to the terms of the attached Warrant
(only if exercised in full), and tenders herewith payment of the exercise price in full, together with all applicable transfer
taxes, if any. 

(2)          Payment
shall take the form of (check applicable box): 

[    ]
in lawful money of the United States; or 

[    ]
[if permitted] the cancellation of such number of Warrant Shares as is necessary, in accordance with the formula set forth in subsection
1(c), to exercise this Warrant with respect to the maximum number of Warrant Shares purchasable pursuant to the cashless exercise
procedure set forth in subsection 1 (c). 

(3)          Please issue a certificate or certificates representing said Warrant Shares in the name of the undersigned
or in such other name as is specified below: 

__________________________________ 

The Warrant Shares shall be delivered to
the following DWAC Account Number or by physical delivery of a certificate to: 

__________________________________ 

__________________________________ 

__________________________________ 

(4)          Accredited
Investor. The undersigned is an  accredited investor  as defined in Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act
of 1933, as amended. 

[SIGNATURE OF HOLDER] 

Name of Investing Entity: _________________________________________________ 

Signature of Authorized Signatory of Investing
Entity: __________________________ 

Name of Authorized Signatory: __________________________________ 

Title of Authorized Signatory: ___________________________________ 

Date: _______________ 

9   

ASSIGNMENT FORM  

(To assign the foregoing warrant, execute
this form and supply required information. Do not use this form to exercise the warrant.) 

FOR VALUE RECEIVED,
[ _____ ] all of or _______ ] shares of the foregoing Warrant and all rights evidenced thereby are hereby assigned to 

____________________________________________
whose address is 

__________________________________________________________, 

Dated: __________________   

Holder s Signature:       

Holder s Address:   

Signature Guaranteed: __________________________________________________ 

NOTE: The signature to this Assignment
Form must correspond with the name as it appears on the face of the Warrant, without alteration or enlargement or any change whatsoever,
and must be guaranteed by a bank or trust company. Officers of corporations and those acting in a fiduciary or other representative
capacity should file proper evidence of authority to assign the foregoing Warrant. 

10   

</EX-10.6>

<EX-10.7>
 3
 ex10-7.htm
 FORM OF JULY OFFERING SUBSCRIPTION AGREEMENT

Blue Sphere Corporation   - 10-Q/A  

  Exhibit 10.7  

BLUE SPHERE SHARE SUBSCRIPTION AGREEMENT   

THIS SUBSCRIPTION AGREEMENT
(this  Agreement ) is made as of December 2nd, 2015 by and among Blue Sphere Corporation, a company organized and existing
under the laws of the State of Nevada ( BSC ), and [_____]. (the  Purchaser ). 

Whereas , BSC
has agreed to sell and the Purchaser has agreed to purchase shares of common stock of BSC (the  Shares ) subject to
the terms and on the conditions set forth below. 

Now, therefore ,
in consideration of the mutual premises and covenants contained herein, and intending to be legally bound, the parties hereto agree
as follows: 

1.   Sale and Purchase of Shares . 

1.1           Sale
of Shares.  Subject to the terms and conditions hereof, BSC hereby issues and sells to the Purchaser, and the Purchaser hereby
purchases from BSC [_____] Shares. 

1.2           Purchase
Price.  The aggregate purchase price for the Shares is U.S. $[_____] (the  Purchase Price ), which shall be delivered
to BSC as follows: 

(i)         $[_____]
in immediately available funds upon signing this Agreement. 

1.3           Securities
Laws.  The Purchaser acknowledges and understands that the offer and sale of the Shares were done in reliance on one or more
exemption from registration under the Securities Exchange Act of 1933, as amended (the  Act ) and, as such, the Shares
are, until registered, subject to restrictions on resale. The Purchaser agrees to acquaint itself with such restrictions and abide
by them and any other applicable law or regulation. The Purchaser further agrees and acknowledges that, until registration, the
certificates representing the Shares shall contain a legend that states the restrictions applicable to resale of such shares. 

2.   Acknowledgements and Agreements of the Purchaser .
Purchaser acknowledges and agrees that: 

(a)  none of the Shares have been registered under the Act, or under any state securities or  blue
sky  laws of any state of the United States, and, unless so registered, may not be offered or sold in the United States or,
directly or indirectly, to U.S. Persons, as that term is defined in Regulation S under the 1933 Act ( Regulation S ),
except in accordance with the provisions of Regulation S, pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Act, or pursuant
to an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the registration requirements of the 1933 Act and in each case only in
accordance with applicable state and provincial securities laws;   

(b)  the decision to execute this Agreement and acquire the Shares agreed to be purchased hereunder
has not been based upon any oral or written representation as to fact or otherwise made by or on behalf of BSC and such decision
is based entirely upon a review of any public information which has been filed by BSC with the Shares and Exchange Commission (the
 SEC ) in compliance, or intended compliance, with applicable securities legislation;   

(c)  the Purchaser and the Purchaser s advisor(s) have had a reasonable opportunity to ask questions
of and receive answers from BSC in connection with the distribution of the Shares hereunder, and to obtain additional information,
to the extent possessed or obtainable without unreasonable effort or expense, necessary to verify the accuracy of the information
about BSC;   

(d)  the books and records of BSC were available upon reasonable notice for inspection, subject to certain
confidentiality restrictions, by the Purchaser during reasonable business hours at its principal place of business, and all documents,
records and books in connection with the distribution of the Shares hereunder have been made available for inspection by the Purchaser,
the Purchaser s lawyer and/or advisor(s);   

(e)  BSC is entitled to rely on the representations and warranties of the Purchaser contained in this
Agreement and the Purchaser will hold harmless BSC from any loss or damage it or they may suffer as a result of any inaccuracy
therein;   

(f)  the Purchaser will indemnify and hold harmless BSC and, where applicable, its directors, officers,
employees, agents, advisors and shareholders, from and against any and all loss, liability, claim, damage and expense whatsoever
(including, but not limited to, any and all fees, costs and expenses whatsoever reasonably incurred in investigating, preparing
or defending against any claim, lawsuit, administrative proceeding or investigation whether commenced or threatened) arising out
of or based upon any representation or warranty of the Purchaser contained in this Agreement or in any document furnished by the
Purchaser to BSC in connection herewith being untrue in any material respect or any breach or failure by the Purchaser to comply
with any covenant or agreement made by the Purchasers to BSC in connection therewith;   

(g)  although the Shares are listed on the OTC BB, no representation has been made to the Purchaser
that any of the Shares will become listed on any other stock exchange or automated dealer quotation system;   

(h)  BSC will refuse to register any transfer of the Shares not made in accordance with the provisions
of Regulation S, pursuant to an effective registration statement under the 1933 Act or pursuant to an available exemption from
the registration requirements of the 1933 Act and in accordance with any other applicable securities laws;   

(i)  the Purchaser has been advised to consult its own legal, tax and other advisors with respect to
the merits and risks of an investment in the Shares and with respect to applicable resale restrictions, and it is solely responsible
(and BSC is not in any way responsible) for compliance with:   

(i)            any
applicable laws of the jurisdiction in which the Purchaser is resident in connection with the distribution of the Shares hereunder,
and 

(ii)           applicable
resale restrictions; 

(j)  neither the SEC nor any other securities commission or similar regulatory authority has reviewed
or passed on the merits of the Shares;   

(k)  no documents in connection with the sale of the Shares hereunder have been reviewed by the SEC
or any state securities administrators; and   

(l)  there is no government or other insurance covering any of the Shares.   

3.   Representations, Warranties and Covenants of the Purchaser.  

3.1          The
Purchaser hereby represents and warrants to and covenants with BSC (which representations, warranties and covenants shall survive
the Closing) that: 

(a)  the Purchaser has received and carefully read this Agreement;   

(b)  the Purchaser is purchasing the Shares as principal for investment only and not with a view to,
or for, resale, distribution or fractionalization thereof, in whole or in part, and, in particular, it has no intention to distribute
either directly or indirectly any of the Shares in the United States or to U.S. Persons;   

(c)  the Purchaser is aware that an investment in BSC is speculative and involves certain risks, including
the possible loss of the entire investment;   

(d)  the Purchaser has made an independent examination and investigation of an investment in the Shares
and BSC and has depended on the advice of its legal and financial advisors and agrees that BSC will not be responsible in any way
whatsoever for the Purchaser s decision to invest in the Shares and BSC; and   

(e)  no person has made to the Purchaser any written or oral representations:   

(i)  that any person will resell or repurchase any of the Shares;   

(ii)  that any person will refund the purchase price of any of the Shares;   

(iii)  as to the future price or value of any of the Shares; or   

(iv)  that any of the Shares will be listed and posted for trading on any stock exchange or automated
dealer quotation system or that application has been made to list and post any of the Shares of BSC on any stock exchange or automated
dealer quotation system.   

3.2           Representations
and Warranties will be Relied Upon by BSC.  The Purchaser acknowledges that the representations and warranties contained herein,
if applicable, are made by it with the intention that such representations and warranties may be relied upon by BSC and its legal
counsel in determining the Purchaser s eligibility to purchase the Shares under applicable securities legislation, or (if
applicable) the eligibility of others on whose behalf it is contracting hereunder to purchase the Shares under applicable securities
legislation. The Purchaser further agrees that by accepting delivery of the certificates representing the Shares on the closing
date, it will be representing and warranting that the representations and warranties contained herein, if applicable, are true
and correct as at the closing date with the same force and effect as if they had been made by the Purchaser on the closing date
and that they will survive the purchase by the Purchaser of the Shares and will continue in full force and effect notwithstanding
any subsequent disposition by the Purchaser of such Shares. 

2   

4.           Further
Assurances.  Each party hereto agrees to execute, on request, all other documents and instruments as the other party shall reasonably
request, and to take any actions, which are reasonably required or desirable to carry out obligations imposed under, and affect
the purposes of, this Agreement. 

5.           Governing
Law and Jurisdiction.  This Agreement shall be governed by the substantive law of Israel, without application of any conflict
of laws principle that would require the application of the law of any other jurisdiction. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed
this Agreement as of the day and year first above written. 

Blue Sphere Corporation  

By: Shlomi Palas 

Title: CEO 

By: [            ] 

3   

</EX-10.7>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 ex31-1.htm
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER

Blue Sphere Corporation   - 10-Q/A     

  Exhibit 31.1  

CERTIFICATION OF   

  CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER   

  PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,   

  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302
OF   

  THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  

I, Shlomi Palas, certify that: 

1.  
      I have reviewed this Form 10-Q of Blue Sphere Corporation;   
 
      2.  
      Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;   
 
      3.  
      Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods present in this report;   
 
      4.  
      The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:   

a)  
      designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;   

b)  
      designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;   

c)  
      evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and   

d)  
      disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financing reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and   
 
      5.  
      The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):   

a)  
      all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and   

b)  
      any fraud, whether or not material, that involved management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.   

Date: November 21, 2016  

/s/ Shlomi Palas  

Shlomi Palas  

Chief Executive Officer  

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 ex31-2.htm
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER

Blue Sphere Corporation   - 10-Q/A     

  Exhibit 31.2  

CERTIFICATION OF  

   CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER  

  PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,  

  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302
OF  

  THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  

I, Ran Daniel, certify that: 

1.  
      I have reviewed this Form 10-Q of Blue Sphere Corporation;   
 
      2.  
      Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;   
 
      3.  
      Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods present in this report;   
 
      4.  
      The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:   

a)  
      designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;   

b)  
      designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;   

c)  
      evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and   

d)  
      disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financing reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and   
 
      5.  
      The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):   

a)  
      all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and   

b)  
      any fraud, whether or not material, that involved management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.   

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 ex32-1.htm
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER

Blue Sphere Corporation   - 10-Q/A  

  Exhibit 32.1  

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO  

   18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,  

  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO  

  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT
OF 2002  

In connection with this Quarterly Report
on Form 10-Q of Blue Sphere Corporation (the  Company ) for the three months ended March 31, 2016, as filed with
the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), Shlomi Palas, Chief Executive Officer of
the Company, hereby certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.  1350, as adopted pursuant to  906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of
2002, that: 

(1)    The Report fully complies
with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and  

(2)    The
information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
of the Company.           

Dated: November 21, 2016  
      By:  
      /s/ Shlomi
    Palas   

Shlomi Palas   

Chief Executive Officer   

This certification accompanies each Report
pursuant to  906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and shall not, except to the extent required by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
of 2002, be deemed filed by the Company for purposes of  18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

A signed original of this written statement
required by  906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and
Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 7
 ex32-2.htm
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER

Blue Sphere Corporation   - 10-Q/A     

  Exhibit 32.2  

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO  

  18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,  

  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO  

  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT
OF 2002  

In connection with this Quarterly Report
on Form 10-Q of Blue Sphere Corporation (the  Company ) for the three months ended March 31, 2016, as filed with
the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), Shlomo Zakai, Chief Financial Officer of
the Company, hereby certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.  1350, as adopted pursuant to  906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of
2002, that: 

(1)    The Report fully complies
with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and  

(2)    The information contained
in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.  

Dated: November 21, 2016  
      By:   
      /s/ Ran Daniel   

Ran Daniel    

Chief Financial Officer   

This certification accompanies each Report
pursuant to  906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and shall not, except to the extent required by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
of 2002, be deemed filed by the Company for purposes of  18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

A signed original of this written statement
required by  906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and
Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 8
 blsp-20160331.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 9
 blsp-20160331.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 10
 blsp-20160331_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 11
 blsp-20160331_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 12
 blsp-20160331_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 13
 blsp-20160331_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

