<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161011_10-Q_edgar_data_1527032_0001527032-16-000062_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>9374511</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>126954</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>401059</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>3698812</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3877573</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1082512</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>33</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001527032-16-000062.hdr.sgml : 20161011
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161011081059
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001527032-16-000062
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		61
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160831
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161011
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161011

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			New Enterprise Stone & Lime Co., Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001527032
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	MINING, QUARRYING OF NONMETALLIC MINERALS (NO FUELS) [1400]
		IRS NUMBER:				231374051
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0228

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	333-176538
		FILM NUMBER:		161929459

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3912 BRUMBAUGH ROAD
		STREET 2:		P.O. BOX 77
		CITY:			NEW ENTERPRISE
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			16664
		BUSINESS PHONE:		814-766-2211

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3912 BRUMBAUGH ROAD
		STREET 2:		P.O. BOX 77
		CITY:			NEW ENTERPRISE
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			16664

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001527032-16-000062.txt : 20161011

10-Q
 1
 nesl-08x31x2016x10q.htm
 10-Q NESL 8-31-16

Document 

Table of Contents  

UNITED STATES 
  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
  Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 10-Q 

(Mark One) 
    
             QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
    
  For the quarterly period ended   August 31, 2016    
    
  OR 
    
  o             TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
    
  For the transition period from              to             . 
    
  Commission file number: 333-176538 

NEW ENTERPRISE STONE   LIME CO., INC. 
  (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

Registrant s telephone number, including area code:   (814) 766-2211 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes      o 
        No       
    
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (  232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes            No     o 

The registrant is a voluntary filer and not subject to the filing requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 
    
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
    
                   Large accelerated filer   o 
      
    Accelerated filer   o 

Non-accelerated filer   x 
      
    Smaller reporting company   o 
      (Do not check if a smaller reporting company) 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes     o    No       
    
  As of   October 11, 2016  , the number of shares outstanding of the registrant s Class A Voting Common Stock, $1.00 par value, was 500 shares and the number of shares outstanding of the registrant s Class B Non-Voting Common Stock, $1.00 par value, was 273,285 shares. 

Table of Contents  

New Enterprise Stone   Lime Co., Inc. and Subsidiaries 
  Table of Contents 
  Quarter Ended   August 31, 2016    

Page(s) 

PART I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION  

Item 1. Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (unaudited)  

Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets at    August 31, 2016 and February 29, 2016 
    3 

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) for the three and six months ended August 31, 2016 and 2015 
    4 

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the    six months ended August 31, 2016 and 2015 
    5 

Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements  
    6  -  28 

Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  
    28  -  39 

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk  
    39 

Item 4. Controls and Procedures  
    39  -  41 

PART II - OTHER INFORMATION  

Item 1. Legal Proceedings  
    42 

Item 1A. Risk Factors  
    43 

Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds  
    43 

Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities  
    43 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosure  
    43 

Item 5. Other Information  
    43 

Item 6. Exhibits  
    44 

Signature  
    45 

Exhibit Index  
    46 

2 

Table of Contents  

ITEM 1. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

New Enterprise Stone   Lime Co., Inc. and Subsidiaries 
  Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets (unaudited) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
  * Data derived from audited consolidated balance sheet as of February 29, 2016. 
  
   3 

Table of Contents  

New Enterprise Stone   Lime Co., Inc. and Subsidiaries 
  Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) (unaudited) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 

4 

Table of Contents  

New Enterprise Stone   Lime Co., Inc. and Subsidiaries 
  Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (unaudited) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 

5 

Table of Contents  

New Enterprise Stone   Lime Co., Inc. and Subsidiaries 
  Notes to the Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
  For the Quarter Ended   August 31, 2016    

1.                    Nature of Operations and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 
    
  Company Activities 
    
  New Enterprise Stone   Lime Co., Inc., a Delaware corporation, is a privately held, vertically integrated construction materials supplier and heavy/highway construction contractor in Pennsylvania and western New York and a national traffic safety services and equipment provider.  Founded in 1924, the Company operates in   three   segments based upon the nature of its products and services: construction materials, heavy/highway construction and traffic safety services and equipment. As used herein, the terms  we,   us,   our,   NESL,  or the  Company  refer to New Enterprise Stone   Lime Co., Inc., and/or one or more of its subsidiaries.  
    
  Construction materials is comprised of aggregate production, including crushed stone and construction sand and gravel, hot mix asphalt production, and ready mixed concrete production.  Heavy/highway construction includes heavy construction, blacktop paving and other site preparation services. The Company's heavy/highway construction operations are primarily supplied with construction materials from our construction materials segment.  Traffic safety services and equipment consists primarily of sales, leasing and servicing of general and specialty traffic control and work zone safety equipment and devices to industrial construction end-users. 
    
  Almost all of our products are produced and consumed outdoors.  Normally, our highest sales and earnings are in the second and third fiscal quarters and our lowest are in the first and fourth fiscal quarters.  As a result of this seasonality, our significant net working capital items, which are accounts receivable, inventories, accounts payable - trade and accrued liabilities, are typically higher as of interim period ends compared to fiscal year end. 
    
  Basis of Presentation 
    
  The accompanying unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements and notes included in this report have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ( GAAP ) and include the accounts of the Company and its wholly owned subsidiary companies, and their wholly owned subsidiary companies, and entities where the Company has a controlling equity interest. All adjustments (all of which are of a normal recurring nature) that are necessary for a fair statement are reflected in the unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements.  The unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements do not include all of the information or disclosures required for a complete presentation in accordance with GAAP. The year-end condensed balance sheet data at   February 29, 2016   was derived from audited financial statements, but does not include all disclosures required by GAAP. Accordingly, these unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements should be read in conjunction with the audited Consolidated Financial Statements, including the notes thereto, included in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended   February 29, 2016   filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ) on May 23, 2016. The results for interim periods are not necessarily indicative of the results for the full fiscal year ending February 28, 2017 ("fiscal year 2017"). 
    
  Related Party Transactions 
    
  The Company has certain related party transactions, including: (i) an arrangement to lease its precast/prestressed structural concrete operations in Roaring Spring, PA to MacInnis Group, LLC, an entity controlled by a member of the Company's Board of Directors and stockholder; (ii) a less than 50% ownership interest in, and an aircraft lease with, Means to Go, LLC, a limited liability company in which several stockholders have an ownership interest; (iii) and a lease agreement with South Woodbury, L.P., a partnership which is owned for the benefit of certain affiliates of stockholders, for an office building in Roaring Spring, PA and an office building that is being used as the Company's corporate headquarters in New Enterprise, PA.   
    
  The Company purchased   $0.0 million   of precast/prestressed beams and related services from MacInnis Group, LLC during the six months ended August 31, 2016 and primarily sold stone and ready mixed concrete in the amount of   $0.7 million   to MacInnis Group LLC during the six months ended August 31, 2016. 

6 

     Table of Contents  

Principles of Consolidation 
    
  The Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements include the accounts of the Company and its wholly owned subsidiaries and entities where the Company has a controlling equity interest. All material intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. 
    
  Reclassifications 
    
  Certain prior period items have been reclassified to conform with the fiscal year 2017 presentation. During the fiscal year 2017, the Company adopted Accounting Standards Update (ASU) No. 2015-03, "Simplifying the Presentation of Debt Issuance Costs," resulting in retrospective adjustments to our prior financial statements. Debt issuance costs of   $9.0 million   previously reported as other current assets and other noncurrent assets on the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet as of February 29, 2016 were reclassified as a reduction from long-term debt. 
    
  Cash and Cash Equivalents and Restricted Cash 
    
  The Company considers all highly liquid investments purchased with original maturities of three months or less to be cash equivalents. Cash balances were restricted in certain consolidated subsidiaries for insurance requirements as well as collateral on outstanding letters of credit or rentals. 
    
  The Company uses a cash pooling arrangement with a single financial institution with specific provisions for the right to offset positive and negative cash balances.  The Company classifies net aggregate cash overdraft positions as other obligations within the current maturities of long-term debt, as applicable. 
    
  Accounts Receivable 
    
  Trade accounts receivable, less allowance for doubtful accounts, are recorded at the invoiced amount plus service charges related to past due accounts.  The allowance for doubtful accounts is the Company s best estimate of the amount of probable credit losses in the Company s existing accounts receivable, including service charges.  The Company determines the allowance based on historical write-off experience, specific identification based on a review of individual past due balances and their composition, and the nature of the customer.  Account balances are written-off against the allowance after all means of collection have been exhausted and the potential for recovery is considered remote. 
    
  The Company s accounts receivable consists of the following: 

7 

     Table of Contents  

Inventories 
    
  Inventories are stated at the lower of cost or market. Cost is determined using either first-in, first-out ( FIFO ) or weighted average method based on the applicable category of inventories. 
    
  The Company s inventories consist of the following: 

Property, Plant and Equipment 
    
  Property, plant and equipment are carried at cost.  Assets under capital leases are stated at the lesser of the present value of minimum lease payments or the fair value of the leased item.  Provision for depreciation is generally computed over the shorter of the estimated service lives or the lease term by the straight-line method. 
    
  The Company s property, plant and equipment consist of the following: 

For the   three months ended August 31, 2016   and   2015  , depreciation expense was   $8.9 million   and   $9.0 million  , respectively. For the   six months ended August 31, 2016   and   2015  , depreciation expense was   $18.3 million   and   $18.1 million  , respectively. 
    
  Assets Held for Sale  
    
  The Company classifies assets as held for sale when all the following criteria are met: (i) management, having the authority to approve the action, commits to a plan to sell the asset; (ii) the asset is available for immediate sale in its present condition; (iii) an active program to locate a buyer and other actions required to complete the plan to sell the asset have been initiated; (iv) the sale of the asset is probable, and transfer of the asset is expected to qualify for recognition as a completed sale, within one year, with a few exceptions; and (v) the asset is being actively marketed for sale at a price that is reasonable, in relation to its current fair value. 
    
   As of   August 31, 2016   and   February 29, 2016  , assets held for sale consists primarily of land and certain operations at the Company's Wescosville, PA location and miscellaneous property in the amount of   $4.9 million   and   $5.6 million  , respectively. The Company expects to complete the sale of the remaining Wescosville, PA assets during the fiscal year ending February 28, 2017; however, the sale of these assets requires certain regulatory approvals that could delay the sale beyond February 28, 2017. 

8 

     Table of Contents  

During the six months ended   August 31, 2016  , the Company finalized its sale of certain properties previously recorded as Assets Held for Sale at   February 29, 2016   for   $0.9 million   in cash. The Company recorded a gain of approximately   $0.3 million   and recorded additional impairment of approximately   $0.1 million   on these sales. 
    
  Use of Estimates 
    
  The preparation of the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements requires management to make a number of estimates and assumptions relating to the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the period.  Significant items subject to such estimates and assumptions include the carrying amount of property, plant and equipment; valuation of receivables, inventories, goodwill and other intangible assets; recognition of revenue and loss contract reserves under the percentage-of-completion method; assets and obligations related to employee benefit plans; asset retirement obligations; income tax valuation; and self-insurance reserves.  Actual results could differ from those estimates and those differences could be material  . 
    
  Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets 
    
  Goodwill 
    
  Goodwill is tested for impairment on an annual basis or more frequently whenever events or circumstances change that would more likely than not reduce the fair value of a reporting unit below its carrying amount.  The impairment test for goodwill is a two-step process.  Under the first step, the fair value of the reporting unit is compared with its carrying value.  If the fair value of the reporting unit is less than its carrying value, an indication of impairment exists and the reporting unit must perform step two of the impairment test.  Under step two, an impairment loss is recognized for any excess of the carrying amount of the reporting unit s goodwill over the implied fair value of that goodwill. The implied fair value is determined by allocating the fair value of the reporting unit in a manner similar to a purchase price allocation.  If the fair value of the reporting unit exceeds its carrying value under the first step, step two does not need to be performed. 
    
  Our reporting units were determined based on our organizational structure, considering the level at which discrete financial information for businesses is available and regularly reviewed. The Company has three operating segments, which is the basis for determining its reporting units, organized around its three lines of business: (i) construction materials; (ii) heavy/highway construction; and (iii) traffic safety services and equipment. Construction materials include three reporting units within the operating segment based on geographic location. The operating segment of traffic safety services and equipment consists of one reporting unit within the segment based upon the similar economic characteristics of its operations. 
    
  Our annual goodwill impairment analysis takes place as of fiscal year end. The estimated fair value of each of the reporting units was in excess of its carrying value, even after conducting various sensitivity analysis on key assumptions, such that no adjustment to the carrying values of goodwill was required as of   February 29, 2016  ,     unless events or circumstances indicate that it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit has been reduced below its carrying value. There were no impairment indicators noted during the   six months ended August 31, 2016  . 
    
  Other Intangible Assets 
    
  Other intangible assets consist of technology, customer relationships and trademarks acquired in previous acquisitions. The technology, customer relationships and trademarks are amortized over a straight-line basis. 
    
  Intangible assets are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of the asset may not be recoverable. The Company recorded amortization expense related to intangible assets other than goodwill of   $0.2 million   during the three months ended August 31, 2016 and 2015, and   $0.4 million   and   $0.5 million   during the   six months ended August 31, 2016   and 2015, respectively.  

9 

     Table of Contents  

Other Noncurrent Assets 
    
  The Company s other noncurrent assets consist of the following: 

The amortization expense related to capitalized software was   $0.4 million   and   $0.3 million   for the three 
   months ended August 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively, and   $0.7 million   and   $0.5 million   for the six months ended August 2016, and 2015, respectively.  
    
  Revenue Recognition 
    
  The Company recognizes revenue on construction contracts under the percentage-of-completion method of accounting, as measured by the cost incurred to date over estimated total cost.  Our construction contracts are primarily fixed-price contracts. The typical contract life cycle for these projects can be up to two to four years in duration.  Changes in job performance, job conditions, estimated profitability and final contract settlements may result in revisions to revenues and costs. Revenue from contract change orders is recognized when the contract owner has agreed to the change order with the customer and the related costs are incurred. We do not recognize revenue on a basis of contract claims. Provisions for estimated losses on uncompleted contracts are made for the full amount of estimated loss in the period in which evidence indicates that the estimated total cost of a contract exceeds its estimated total revenue and are recorded as an additional cost (rather than as a reduction of revenue). Contract costs include all direct material, labor, subcontract and other costs and those indirect costs related to contract performance, such as indirect salaries and wages, equipment repairs and depreciation, insurance and payroll taxes. Administrative and general expenses are charged to expense as incurred. Costs and estimated earnings in excess of billings on uncompleted contracts represent the excess of contract revenue recognized to date over billings to date. Billings in excess of costs and estimated earnings on uncompleted contracts represent the excess of billings to date over the amount of revenue recognized to date.  As of   August 31, 2016   and   February 29, 2016  , such amounts are included in accounts receivable (Note 1,  Nature of Operations and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies ) and accrued liabilities (Note 3,  Accrued Liabilities ), respectively, in the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. The Company recorded a charge included in operating income of approximately   $3.5 million   and   $4.3 million   related to the revision of costs to complete on certain contracts during the three and six months ended   August 31, 2016  , respectively. 
    
  The Company generally recognizes revenue on the sale of construction materials when the customer takes title and assumes risk of loss. Typically, this occurs when products are shipped.   
    
  The Company recognizes equipment rental revenue on a straight-line basis over the specific daily, weekly or monthly terms of the agreements. Revenues from the sale of equipment and contractor supplies are recognized at the time of delivery to, or pick-up by, the customer. 
    
  Other revenue consists of sales of miscellaneous materials, scrap and other products that do not fall into our other primary lines of business. The Company generally recognizes revenue when the customer takes title and assumes risk of loss, the price is fixed or determinable and collection is reasonably assured. 

10 

     Table of Contents  

Impairment of Definite-Lived Long-Lived Assets 
    
  Long-lived assets, such as property, plant and equipment, and purchased intangibles subject to amortization, are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset group may not be recoverable. The Company considers an asset group as the lowest level for which identifiable cash flows are largely independent of the cash flows of other assets. For our construction materials and heavy/highway construction operations, the lowest level of largely independent identifiable cash flows is at the regional level, which collectively serves a local market. Each region shares and allocates its material production, resources, equipment and business activity among the locations within the region in generating cash flows. The Company is aligned into three regions, the Eastern Region, which includes Lancaster, Pennsylvania, and Northeastern Pennsylvania, the Western Region, which includes Central Pennsylvania, Chambersburg, Shippensburg, and Gettysburg Pennsylvania and the Northern Region, which includes Buffalo, New York and the Port of Buffalo. The construction materials regions  long-lived assets predominantly include limestone and sand acreage and crushing and the heavy/highway construction region s long lived assets predominantly include contracting equipment and vehicles. The traffic safety services and equipment business includes two asset groups, distinguished between its retail sales and distribution as one asset group and its manufacturing and assembly as the second asset group. Recoverability of assets to be held and used is measured by a comparison of the carrying amount of an asset group to estimated undiscounted future cash flows expected to be generated by the asset group. If the carrying amount of an asset group exceeds its estimated future cash flows, an impairment charge is recognized for the amount by which the carrying amount exceeds the fair value of the asset group. 
    
  Recently Issued and Adopted Accounting Standards  
    
  In June 2016, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ("FASB") issued Accounting Standards Update ("ASU") 2016-13,   Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments  , which amends guidance on the impairment of financial instruments. The new guidance estimates credit losses based on expected losses, modifies the impairment model for available-for-sale debt securities and provides for a simplified accounting model for purchased financial assets with credit deterioration. ASU 2016-13 is effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2019, and interim reporting periods within those annual reporting periods. Early adoption is permitted for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2018. While we are still evaluating the impact of ASU 2016-13, we do not expect the adoption of this standard to have a material impact on our Consolidated Financial Statements. 
    
  In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-02,   Leases  , which amends existing accounting standards for lease accounting and adds additional disclosures about leasing arrangements. Under the new guidance, lessees are required to recognize lease assets and lease liabilities on the balance sheet for all leases with terms longer than 12 months. Leases will be classified as either finance or operating, with classification affecting the pattern of expense recognition in the income statement and presentation of cash flow in the statement of cash flows.  This ASU is effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2018, and interim reporting periods within those annual reporting periods. Early adoption is permitted and modified retrospective application is required. While we are still evaluating the impact of ASU 2016-02, we do not expect the adoption of this standard to have a material impact on our Consolidated Financial Statements. 
    
  In January 2016 the FASB issued ASU 2016-01,   Recognition and Measurement of Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities  , which amends certain aspects of current guidance on the recognition, measurement and disclosure of financial instruments. Among other changes, this ASU requires most equity investments be measured at fair value. Additionally, the ASU eliminates the requirement to disclose the method and significant assumptions used to estimate the fair value for instruments not recognized at fair value in our financial statements. This ASU is effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2017, and interim reporting periods within those annual reporting periods. While we are still evaluating the impact of ASU 2016-01, we do not expect the adoption of this standard to have a material impact on our Consolidated Financial Statements. 

11 

     Table of Contents  

In September 2015, the FASB Issued ASU 2015-16,   Business Combinations (Topic 805): Simplifying the Accounting for Measurement-Period Adjustments  -ASU 2015-16 was issued to require an acquirer to recognize measurement-period adjustments to provisional amounts in the reporting period in which the adjustments are determined. Previously, measurement-period adjustments were retrospectively applied. As an alternative to restating the prior periods for the measurement-period adjustments, the ASU requires acquirers to present separately on the face of the earnings statement, or disclose in the notes, the portion of the amount recorded in current-period earnings by line item that would have been recorded in previous reporting periods if the adjustments to the provisional amounts had been recognized as of the acquisition date. This ASU is to be applied prospectively to adjustments to provisional amounts that occur after December 15, 2015. Early adoption is permitted. This standard was adopted by the Company and required no adjustment to the financial statements. 
    
  In July 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-12,   Plan Accounting: Defined Benefit Pension Plans (Topic 960), Defined Contribution Pension Plans (Topic 962), Health and Welfare Benefit Plans (Topic 965): (Part I) Fully Benefit-Responsive Investment Contracts, (Part II) Plan Investment Disclosures, (Part III) Measurement Date Practical Expedient.   The amendments in all three parts of this Update are effective for all entities for fiscal years and interim periods within those fiscal years, beginning after December 15, 2015. An entity should apply the amendments in Parts I and II retrospectively for all financial statements presented. An entity should apply the amendments on Part III prospectively. This standard was adopted by the Company and required no adjustment to the financial statements. 
    
  In July 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-11,   Inventory (Topic 330): Simplifying the Measurement of Inventory.   Effective for public business entities for fiscal years and interim periods within those fiscal years, beginning after December 15, 2016. For all other entities, the amendments in this update are effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2016 and for interim periods within fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017. The amendments in this Update should be applied prospectively with earlier application permitted as of the beginning of an interim or annual reporting period. The Company is evaluating the impact of this standard on its Consolidated Financial Statements. 
    
  In April 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-04,   Compensation - Retirement Benefits (Topic 715): Practical Expedient for the Measurement Date of an Employer's Defined Benefit Obligation and Plan Assets.   Effective for public business entities for fiscal years, and for interim periods within those fiscal years, beginning after December 15, 2015. For all other entities, the amendments in this update are effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2016 and for interim periods within fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017. Early adoption of the amendments in this update are permitted. This standard was adopted by the Company and required no adjustment to the financial statements. 
    
  In April 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-03,   Interest - Imputation of Interest (Subtopic 835-30): Simplifying the Presentation of Debt Issuance Costs.   Effective for public business entities for fiscal years, and for interim periods within those fiscal years, beginning after December 15, 2015. For all other entities, the amendments in this update are effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2015 and for interim periods within fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2016. Early adoption of the amendments in this update are permitted for financial statements that have not been previously issued. The adoption of the ASU, which had a later amendment, resulted in a reclassification of our other current and noncurrent assets to long-term debt in our Consolidated Balance Sheet as of February 29, 2016. 
    
  In February 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-02,   Consolidation (Topic 810): Amendments to the Consolidation Analysis.   Effective for public business entities for fiscal years, and for interim periods within those fiscal years, beginning after December 15, 2015. For all other entities, the amendments in this update are effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2016 and for interim periods within fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017. This standard was adopted by the Company and required no adjustment to the financial statements. 
    
  In January 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-01,   Income Statement - Extraordinary and Unusual Items: Simplifying Income Statement Presentation by Eliminating the Concept of Extraordinary Items.   Effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within those fiscal years, beginning after December 15, 2015. Early adoption is permitted provided that the guidance is applied from the beginning of the fiscal year of adoption. This standard was adopted by the Company and required no adjustment to the financial statements. 

12 

     Table of Contents  

In August 2014, the FASB issued ASU 2014-15,   Presentation of Financial Statements Going Concern: Disclosure of Uncertainties about an Entity s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern.   The standards requires an entity's management to evaluate whether there are conditions or events that raise substantial doubt about the entity's ability to continue as a going concern within one year after the date that the financial statements are issued. Public entities are required to apply standards for annual reporting periods ending after December 15, 2016, and interim periods thereafter. Early application is permitted. The Company is evaluating the impact of this standard on its Consolidated Financial Statements. 
    
  In May 2014, the FASB issued ASU 2014-09,   Revenue From Contracts With Customers  , which outlines a single comprehensive model for entities to use in accounting for revenue arising from contracts with customers and supersedes most current revenue recognition guidance, including industry-specific guidance. This ASU provides a more robust framework for addressing revenue issues and expands required revenue recognition disclosures. This ASU (as later amended) is effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2017, and interim reporting periods within those annual reporting periods. Early adoption is permitted only as of annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2016, including interim reporting periods within that reporting period. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of this standard on our Consolidated Financial Statements. 

2.                    Risks and Uncertainties 
    
  Our business is heavily impacted by several factors which are outside the control of management, including the overall health of the economy, the level of commercial and residential construction, the level of federal, state and local publicly funded construction projects and seasonal variations generally attributable to weather conditions.  These factors impact the amount and timing of our revenues and our overall performance. 
    
  The Company maintains credit facilities that contain certain financial maintenance and other covenants (Note 4, "Long-Term Debt"). In the past, the Company has failed to meet certain operating performance measures as well as the financial covenant requirements set forth under its previous credit facilities, which resulted in the need to obtain several amendments, and should the Company fail in the future, the Company cannot guarantee that it will be able to obtain such amendments. A failure to obtain such amendments could result in an acceleration of its indebtedness under the Credit Facilities and a cross-default under our other indebtedness, including the   $250.0 million     11%   senior notes due 2018 (the  Notes ) and the   $450 million     9%   term loan due 2021 (the "New Term Loan"). If the lenders were to accelerate the due dates of our indebtedness or if current sources of liquidity prove to be insufficient, there can be no assurance that the Company would be able to repay or refinance such indebtedness or to obtain sufficient funding. This could require the Company to restructure or alter its operations and capital structure. We believe we have sufficient financial resources, including cash and cash equivalents, cash from operations and amounts available for borrowing under our Revolving Credit Facility, to fund our business and operations, including capital expenditures and debt service obligations, for at least the next twelve months. At   August 31, 2016  , the Company was in compliance with all of its financial covenants. 

3.                    Accrued Liabilities 
    
  Accrued liabilities consist of the following:  

* Included within contract expenses is   $0.3 million   and   $0.6 million   of provision for loss contracts as of   August 31, 2016   and   February 29, 2016  , respectively. 

13 

Table of Contents  

4.                    Long-Term Debt 
    
  The Company's long-term debt consists of the following:   

Our total debt is presented in the table above net of unamortized discounts from par and unamortized deferred debt issuance costs. Discounts and debt issuance costs are amortized using the effective interest method over the contractual terms or estimated life of the respective notes. Amortization of discounts and debt issuance costs totaled   $1.9 million   and   $1.1 million   of interest expense for the three months ended   August 31, 2016   and 2015, respectively and   $3.0 million   and   $2.2 million   for the six months ended   August 31, 2016   and 2015. 
    
  Refinancing 
    
  In July 2016, the Company entered into a Term Loan Credit and Guaranty Agreement (the  New Term Loan Agreement ) among the Company, certain of its subsidiaries as guarantors, the lenders from time to time party thereto and Cortland Capital Market Services LLC ( Cortland ) as administrative agent and collateral agent (the  Term Loan Agent ), providing for a term loan in the amount of   $450.0 million   New Term Loan. The Company utilized the funds from this loan to prepay its   13%   Senior Notes and its   $70 million   Term Loan. The Company also amended its Revolving Credit Agreement ( RCA ). 
    
  As a result of the refinancing and amendments, discounts and deferred financing fees associated with retired debt of   $3.6 million   were written off to interest expense. The Company recorded additional financing fees of   $23.8 million   which is included in the unamortized discounts and debt issuance costs as a component of long term debt on the balance sheet. 
    
  $450 million   Term Loan 
    
  The obligations under the New Term Loan agreement are secured by substantially all of the assets of the Company and its subsidiaries. Priorities on various categories of collateral are allocated between the Company s Revolving Credit Facility, amended as described below, and the New Term Loan pursuant to an Intercreditor Agreement. 
    
  The New Term Loan will mature on July 8, 2021, unless the Company fails to refinance its   11%   Senior Notes (the  Notes ) due 2018 by June 1, 2018 (in which case the New Term Loan will mature on June 1, 2018). 
    
  Outstanding balances under the New Term Loan Agreement will bear interest at a rate per annum equal to, at the Company s option, either (a) a base rate plus   7.0%   or (b) a LIBOR rate plus   8.0%   with a LIBOR floor of   1.0%  . The Company is required to make quarterly interest payments beginning October 2016. 
    
  In the event of a voluntary or mandatory prepayment or acceleration of the New Term Loan, the Company will in certain circumstances set forth in the New Term Loan Agreement be required to pay a prepayment premium equal to the Prepayment Premium (as defined in the New Term Loan Agreement), Special Voluntary Prepayment Applicable Premium (as defined in the New Term Loan Agreement) or Specified Prepayment Premium (as defined in the New Term Loan Agreement), as applicable. The applicable prepayment premium due depends on the timing and circumstances of such voluntary or mandatory prepayment or acceleration. 
  
   14 

     Table of Contents  

As of the end of each fiscal quarter, the Company will be required to have trailing twelve-month EBITDA in an amount not 
  less than certain amounts specified in the New Term Loan agreement and RCA amendment (as defined below). For the trailing twelve-month period ending on May 31, 2016, and then ending on each August 31, November 30, February 28 (or February 29, if a leap year) and May 31 thereafter, for the term of the New Term Loan, maintain EBITDA of not less than   $80.0 million  . 
    
  The Company is limited to   $45.0 million   in capital expenditures for each fiscal year. The total amount of capital expenditures may be reduced by up to   $5.0 million   based upon the sale of certain assets. 
    
  The New Term Loan Agreement includes other customary affirmative and negative covenants that, subject to significant exceptions, limit the ability of the Company and its subsidiaries to undertake certain actions, including, among other things, limitations on (i) the incurrence of indebtedness and liens, (ii) asset sales, (iii) dividends and other payments with respect to capital stock, (iv) acquisitions, investments and loans, (v) affiliate transactions, (vi) altering the business, (vii) prepaying indebtedness, (viii) making capital expenditures, and (ix) providing negative pledges to third parties. 
    
  The New Term Loan is guaranteed on a full and unconditional, and joint and several, basis by certain of the Company s existing and future domestic subsidiaries (the  Guarantors  as described in Note 11,  Condensed Issuer, Guarantor and Non-Guarantor Financial Information ). In addition, the New Term Loan Agreement contains certain customary conditions to lending, representations and warranties and events of default, including, among other things, (i) payment defaults, (ii) cross-defaults to other material indebtedness, (iii) covenant defaults, (iv) loss of custody or control of property, (v) certain events of bankruptcy, (vi) the occurrence of a material adverse effect, (vii) material judgments, (viii) change in control, (ix) seizures of material property, (x) involuntary interruptions of material operations, and (xi) certain material events with respect to pension plans. 
    
  Revolving Credit Agreement ( RCA ) 
    
  In conjunction with the refinancing, the Company obtained certain amendments to the RCA. The interest rate margins on the RCA were reduced by   1.25%   from   4.0%   to   2.75%   for LIBOR based on borrowings and by   1.25%   from   3.0%   to   1.75%   for base rate borrowings. Borrowings based in LIBOR continue to have a floor of   1.0%  . The unused portion of the revolving credit commitment is subject to a commitment fee at a rate of   0.5%  . The weighted average interest rate on the RCA was   5.68%   and   6.58%   as of   August 31, 2016   and 2015, respectively.  
    
  The Credit Facilities contain a springing maturity date based upon certain events with a final maturity date of February 12, 2019. As part of the amendments to the RCA, the availability block and cash dominion requirements were removed. In addition, the aggregate amount of the letter of credit sub-limit was increased by   $15 million   for insurance and surety purposes. 
    
  The Company is no longer subject to a fixed charge coverage ratio amount under the new amendments. However, the Company is subject to a spring fixed charge coverage ratio if the total availability of the RCA as defined in the Credit Facilities is at any time less than   $20.0 million  .  
    
  As of   August 31, 2016  , the Company was in compliance with all of its covenant requirements. 
    
  11%   Notes Due 2018 
    
  In August 2010, the Company sold   $250.0 million   aggregate principal amount of the Notes.  Interest on the Notes is payable semi-annually in arrears on March 1 and September 1 of each year.  The proceeds from the issuance of Notes were used to pay down debt. In connection with the issuance of the Notes, the Company incurred costs of approximately   $8.3 million   which were deferred and are being amortized on the effective interest method through the 2018 maturity date. 
    
  On or after September 1, 2016, the Company is permitted to redeem all or a part of the Notes at par. 
    
  If the Company experiences a change of control, as outlined in the indenture governing the Notes, the Company may be required to offer to purchase the Notes at a purchase price equal to   101.0%   of the principal amount, plus accrued interest. 
    
  The Notes are guaranteed on a full and unconditional, and joint and several, basis by certain of the Company s existing and future domestic subsidiaries (the  Guarantors  as described in Note 11,  Condensed Issuer, Guarantor and Non-Guarantor Financial Information ). The indenture governing the Notes contains affirmative and negative covenants that, among other  
  
   15 

     Table of Contents  

things, limit the Company s and its subsidiaries  ability to incur additional debt, make restricted payments, dividends or other payments from subsidiaries to the Company, create liens, engage in the sale or transfer of assets and engage in transactions with affiliates. The Company is not required to maintain any affirmative financial ratios or covenants under the indenture governing the Notes. 
    
  In August 2016, the Company purchased   $15.0 million   of the   $250.0 million   outstanding   11%   Senior Notes Due 2018 reducing the outstanding debt to   $235.0 million  . 
    
  Land, Equipment and Other Obligations 
    
  The Company has various notes, mortgages, leases and other financing arrangements resulting from the purchase of principally land, machinery and equipment. All loans provide for at least annual payments and are principally secured by the land and equipment acquired. Capital lease arrangements typically provide for monthly payments, some of which include residual value guarantees if the Company were to terminate the arrangement during certain specified periods of time for each underlying asset under lease. The Company incurred   $5.2 million   of new obligations at   6.0%   for   45   months secured by certain equipment, and   $6.5 million   for leases of new equipment in the six months ended   August 31, 2016  . 

5.                    Income Taxes  
    
  The income tax provisions for all periods consist of federal and state taxes that are based on the estimated effective tax rates applicable for the full years ending   February 28, 2017   and   February 29, 2016  , after giving effect to items specifically related to the interim periods. 
    
  The effective income tax rates for the   three months ended August 31, 2016   and   2015   were   3.8%   and   4.5%  , respectively, resulting in tax expense of   $0.3 million   and   $1.3 million  , respectively. The effective income tax rates for the   six months ended August 31, 2016   and   2015   were   5.3%   and   4.5%  , respectively, resulting in tax benefit of   $0.1 million   and tax expense of   $0.4 million  , respectively. The principal factor affecting the comparability of the effective income tax rates for the respective periods is the Company s assessment of the realizability of the current year projected income tax loss. The Company recorded a valuation allowance on the portion of the current year federal and state income tax losses that it believes are not more likely than not to be realized. The Company s determination of its valuation allowance considers the impact of utilization of alternative minimum tax net operating loss and alternative minimum tax credit carry forwards. 
    
  Cash paid for income taxes was immaterial for the three and   six months ended August 31, 2016   and   2015  , primarily as a result of net operating losses.  

6.               Retirement and Benefit Programs 
    
  Substantially all employees are covered by a defined contribution plan, a defined benefit plan, a collectively bargained multiemployer plan, or a noncontributory profit sharing plan.  The expense associated with these programs is included within Cost of revenue and Selling, administrative and general expenses in the amounts of   $2.0 million   and   $0.1 million  , respectively, for the   three months ended August 31, 2016  , and   $1.4 million   and   $0.1 million  , respectively, for the   three months ended August 31, 2015  . The expense associated with these programs is included within Cost of revenue and Selling, administrative and general expenses in the amounts of   $3.5 million   and   $0.3 million  , respectively, for the   six months ended August 31, 2016  , and   $2.9 million   and   $0.2 million  , respectively for the   six months ended August 31, 2015  . 
    
  The Company has   two   defined benefit pension plans covering certain union employees covered by labor union contracts. The benefits are based on years of service. Actuarial gains and losses are generally amortized over the average remaining service life of the Company s active employees.   

16 

     Table of Contents  

Net periodic pension expense recognized was as follows:  

The Company does not expect to make contributions to the plans during the fiscal year ending February 28, 2017. 

7.        Other Noncurrent Liabilities 
    
  The Company's other noncurrent liabilities consist of: 

8.                    Commitments and Contingencies 
    
  In the normal course of business, the Company has commitments, lawsuits, claims and contingent liabilities. The ultimate disposition of these matters is not expected to have a material adverse effect on the Company s consolidated financial position, statement of comprehensive loss or liquidity. 
    
  The Company maintains a self-insurance program for workers  compensation (Pennsylvania employees) coverage, which is administered by a third party management company. The Company s self-insurance retention is limited to   $1.0 million   per claim with the excess covered by workers  compensation excess liability insurance. The Company is required to maintain a   $2.4 million   surety bond with the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania. Self-insurance costs are accrued based upon the aggregate of the liability for reported claims and an estimated liability for claims incurred but not reported.  Additionally, the Company is required to and does provide a letter of credit in the amount of   $0.1 million   to guarantee payment of the deductible portion of its liability coverage which existed prior to January 1, 2008.  
    
  Prior to January 1, 2016, the Company maintained a captive insurance company, Rock Solid Insurance Company ( Rock Solid ), for workers  compensation (non-Pennsylvania employees), general liability, auto, health, and property coverage. 
  During the three months ended August 31, 2016, the company issued a   $15.0 million   letter of credit to an insurer for the deductible portion of its liability coverage.  Prior to the issuance of the letter of credit, the Company maintained a cash Collateral Trust Agreement in the amount of   $15.5 million   recorded as restricted cash in our Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as of   February 29, 2016  . Reserves for retained losses within Rock Solid, which are recorded in accrued liabilities in our Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets, were approximately   $15.4 million   and   $16.0 million   as of   August 31, 2016   and   February 29, 2016  , respectively.  Included in other noncurrent assets is approximately   $4.0 million   and   $7.0 million   as of   August 31, 2016   and   February 29, 2016  , respectively, for recoverable amounts from insurance companies for claims in excess of deductibility. Liabilities associated with amounts that are payable by insurance companies of approximately   $4.0 million   and   $7.0 million   were recorded in other noncurrent liabilities in our Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as of   August 31, 2016   and   February 29, 2016  , respectively. 

17 

Table of Contents  

9.                 Business Segments 
    
  The Company reports information about its operating segments using the  management approach,  which is based on the way management organizes and reports the segments within the organization for making operating decisions and assessing performance to the chief operating decision maker. The Company s   three   reportable segments are: (i) construction materials; (ii) heavy/highway construction; and (iii) traffic safety services and equipment. Almost all activity of the Company is domestic.  Segment information includes both inter-segment and certain intra-segment activities.  A description of the services and product offerings within each of the Company s segments is provided below. 
    
  The Company reviews earnings of the segments principally at the operating profit level and accounts for inter-segment and certain intra-segment sales at prices that range from negotiated rates to those that approximate fair market value.  Segment operating profit consists of revenue less operating costs and expenses. Corporate and unallocated costs include those administrative and financial costs which are not allocated to segment operations and are excluded from segment operating profit. These costs include corporate administrative functions, unallocated corporate functions and other business line administrative functions.  
    
  The following is a summary of certain financial data for the Company s operating segments: 

18 

     Table of Contents  

(  1) Includes   $0.0 million   and   $0.4 million   of deferred stripping and   $0.0 million   and   $0.0 million   of capitalized software for the three months ended   August 31, 2016   and   2015  , respectively. Includes   $0.0 million   and   $0.5 million   of deferred stripping and   $0.0 million   and   $0.2 million   of capitalized software for the six months ended   August 31, 2016   and   2015  , respectively. 

10.         Supplemental Disclosures of Cash Flow Information 
    
  The following table shows the supplemental information related to our cash flows for the six months ended:  

11.              Condensed Issuer, Guarantor and Non Guarantor Financial Information 
    
  The Company s Notes are guaranteed by certain subsidiaries.  Except for Rock Solid, NESL, II LLC, and Kettle Creek Partners GP, LLC, all existing consolidated subsidiaries of the Company are   100%   owned and provide a joint and several, full and unconditional guarantee of the securities. These entities include Gateway Trade Center Inc., EII Transport Inc., Protections Services Inc., Work Area Protection Corp., SCI Products Inc., ASTI Transportation Systems, Inc., and Precision Solar Controls Inc. ( Guarantor Subsidiaries ).  There are no significant restrictions on the parent Company s ability to obtain funds from any of the Guarantor Subsidiaries in the form of a dividend or loan.  Additionally, there are no significant restrictions on a Guarantor Subsidiary s ability to obtain funds from the parent Company or its direct or indirect subsidiaries. Certain other wholly owned subsidiaries and consolidated partially owned partnerships do not guarantee the Notes.  These entities include Rock Solid (RSIC), South Woodbury, L.P., NESL, II LLC, Kettle Creek Partners L.P., and Kettle Creek Partners GP, LLC ( Non Guarantors ). Beginning January 1, 2016, RSIC was inactive. 
    
  The following condensed consolidating balance sheets, statements of comprehensive loss and statements of cash flows are provided for the Company, all Guarantor Subsidiaries and Non Guarantors. The information has been presented as if the parent Company accounted for its ownership of the Guarantor Subsidiaries and Non Guarantors using the equity method of accounting. 

19 

     Table of Contents  

Condensed Consolidating Balance Sheet at   August 31, 2016 

20 

     Table of Contents  

Condensed Consolidating Balance Sheet at   February 29, 2016    

21 

     Table of Contents  

Condensed Consolidating Statement of Comprehensive Income for the   three months ended August 31, 2016 

22 

     Table of Contents  

Condensed Consolidating Statement of Comprehensive Income (Loss) for the   three months ended August 31, 2015 

23 

     Table of Contents  

Condensed Consolidating Statement of Comprehensive (Loss) Income for the   six months ended August 31, 2016 

24 

     Table of Contents  

Condensed Consolidating Statement of Comprehensive Income (Loss) for the   six months ended August 31, 2015    

25 

     Table of Contents  

Condensed Consolidating Statement of Cash Flows for the   six months ended August 31, 2016    

26 

     Table of Contents  

Condensed Consolidating Statement of Cash Flows for the   six months ended August 31, 2015    

27 

Table of Contents  

ITEM 2 - MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
    
  General 
    
  We are a leading privately held, vertically integrated construction materials supplier and heavy/highway construction contractor in Pennsylvania and western New York and a national traffic safety services and equipment provider.  Founded in 1924, we are one of the top 20 construction aggregates producers based on tonnage of crushed stone produced and based on fiscal year 2016 revenues one of the top 50 highway contractors in the United States, according to industry surveys. 
    
  We operate in three segments based upon the nature of our products and services: construction materials, heavy/highway construction and traffic safety services and equipment. Our construction materials operations are comprised primarily of the production of aggregate (crushed stone and construction sand and gravel), hot mix asphalt, and ready mixed concrete.  Another of our core businesses, heavy/highway construction, includes heavy construction, blacktop paving and other site preparation services. Our heavy/highway construction operations are primarily supplied with construction materials from our construction materials operation. Accordingly, we favor construction activity that maximizes our ability to utilize our construction materials. Our third core business, traffic safety services and equipment, consists primarily of sales, leasing and servicing of general and specialty traffic control and work zone safety equipment and devices to industrial construction end-users. 
    
  Seasonality and Cyclical Nature of Our Business 
    
  Almost all of our products are produced and consumed outdoors. Our financial results for any quarter do not necessarily indicate the results expected for the year because seasonal changes and other weather-related conditions can affect the production and sales volumes of our products. Normally, the highest sales and earnings are in the second and third fiscal quarters and the lowest are in the first and fourth fiscal quarters. Our sales and earnings are sensitive to national, regional and local economic conditions and particularly to cyclical swings in construction spending, especially in the private sector.  Our primary balance sheet accounts, such as accounts receivable and accounts payable, vary greatly during these peak periods, but return to historical levels as our operating cycle is completed each fiscal year. 
    
  Execution of Strategic Initiates 
    
       Through the second quarter of fiscal year 2017 we continued our strong financial performance and solidified a large part of our capital structure. We completed the refinancing of the Secured Notes and purchased $15.0 million of the unsecured Notes on the open market. Operating profit increased $7.5 million to $59.1 million for the six months ended August 31, 2016. Although our markets demonstrated some unexpected softness during the second quarter, our continued utilization of performance measures allowed us to react timely and make proactive decisions in managing the business. We continue to believe that operating income will increase approximately 15% for the full fiscal year 2017. 
    
  Executive Summary 
    
  The following are key statistics for the   six months ended August 31, 2016   as compared to the   six months ended August 31, 2015  . 

Cost of revenue as a percentage of revenue improved 3.6%; 
                 
    Selling, administrative and general expenses   decreased   by   $6.6 million   or   25.0%  ;  

28 

     Table of Contents  

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
    
  The following table summarizes our operating results on a consolidated basis: 

The tables below disclose revenue and operating data for our reportable segments before certain intra- and intercompany eliminations. We include inter-segment and certain intra-segment sales in our comparative analysis of revenue at the product line level and this presentation is consistent with the basis on which we review results of operations.  We also operate ancillary port operations and certain rental operations, which are included in our other non-core business operations presented as part of construction materials. All non-allocated operating costs are reflected in the corporate and unallocated line item presented below. 
    
  The following table summarizes our segment revenue: 

The following table summarizes the percentage of segment revenue by our primary lines of business: 

29 

     Table of Contents  

The following table summarizes the segment cost of revenue: 

The following table summarizes the segment cost of revenue as a percent of segment revenue: 

The following table summarizes the segment operating income: 

Three Months Ended   August 31, 2016   Compared to Three Months Ended   August 31, 2015    
    
  Revenue 
    
  Total revenue decreased   $28.6 million   or   11.6%   to   $218.0 million   for the   three months ended August 31, 2016   compared to   $246.6 million   for the   three months ended August 31, 2015  .  The decrease in revenue was primarily the result of reduced heavy/highway construction revenue and hot mix asphalt revenues in the three months ended August 31, 2016 compared to the three months ended August 31, 2015. 
    
  Segment revenue for our construction materials business   decreased     $15.8 million  , or   8.9%   to   $162.5 million   for the   three months ended August 31, 2016   compared to   $178.3 million   for the   three months ended August 31, 2015  . The decrease in hot mix asphalt revenues was due to decreases in price of $7.0 million and a decrease in sales volumes of $6.1 million in the three months ended August 31, 2016 compared to the three months ended August 31, 2015. Hot mix asphalt prices, which are impacted by changes in the cost of liquid asphalt cement, decreased by approximately 40% on a per ton basis for the three month ended August 31, 2016 compared to the three months ended August 31, 2015. 

30 

     Table of Contents  

Segment revenue for our heavy/highway construction business   decreased     $21.6 million  , or   20.0%   to   $86.2 million   for the   three months ended August 31, 2016   compared to   $107.8 million   for the   three months ended August 31, 2015  . The decline in heavy/highway construction of $21.6 million was caused by delays in our current projects for the year as well as the timing of completion of our existing backlog.  
    
  Segment revenue for our traffic safety services and equipment businesses increased   $3.4 million  , or   12.5%   to   $30.7 million   for the   three months ended August 31, 2016   compared to   $27.3 million   for the   three months ended August 31, 2015  . The increase was primarily attributable to increased revenue associated with our new service offerings.  
    
  Cost of Revenue 
    
  Total cost of revenue   decreased     $28.0 million   or   15.8%   to   $149.7 million   for the   three months ended August 31, 2016   compared to approximately   $177.7 million   for the   three months ended August 31, 2015  . This   decrease   is attributable to the reduction of heavy/highway construction activity and a reduction in commodity prices as compared to the prior year's   three months ended August 31, 2015  .  
       
   Segment cost of revenue for our construction materials business as a percentage of its segment revenue   decreased     5.1%   to   65.1%   for the   three months ended August 31, 2016   compared to   70.2%   for the   three months ended August 31, 2015  . Segment cost of revenue as a percentage of segment revenue improved primarily as a result of improved pricing on a fixed cost base as well as a decrease in the cost of commodities as compared to the   three months ended August 31, 2015  .  
    
  Segment cost of revenue for our heavy/highway construction business as a percentage of its segment revenue   increased   by   3.5%   to   94.4%   for the   three months ended August 31, 2016   compared to   90.9%   for the   three months ended August 31, 2015  . The   increase   in segment cost of revenue as a percentage of revenue was primarily attributable to the increase in costs incurred related to job revisions during the second quarter of fiscal year 2017. 
    
  Segment cost of revenue for our traffic services and equipment business as a percentage of its segment revenue declined slightly by   0.3%   to   77.9%   for the   three months ended August 31, 2016   compared to   78.2%   for the   three months ended August 31, 2015  .  
    
  Depreciation, Depletion and Amortization 
    
  Depreciation, depletion and amortization   increased     $0.1 million  , or   1.0%   to   $10.4 million   for the   three months ended August 31, 2016   compared to   $10.3 million   for the   three months ended August 31, 2015  .  
    
  Selling, Administrative and General Expenses 
    
  Selling, administrative and general expenses   decreased     $1.9 million  , or   16.2%   to   $9.8 million   for the   three months ended August 31, 2016   compared to   $11.7 million   for the   three months ended August 31, 2015  . The     decrease     was primarily attributable     to a reduction in consulting fees related to restructuring in the previous year which did not recur and to a lesser extent reduced costs related to the utilization of shared services  . 
    
  Operating Income 
    
  Operating income   decreased     $2.0 million  , or   4.0%   to   $48.5 million   for the   three months ended August 31, 2016  , as compared to   $50.5 million   for the   three months ended August 31, 2015  . This decrease was primarily attributable to the negative impact of contract cost revisions in our heavy/highway construction segment of approximately $3.5 million as well as a difference in gain of $3.4 million on the sale of certain properties that did not recur in the   three months ended August 31, 2016  . Excluding these items, operating income increased $5.0 million compared to the same period in the prior year. 
    
  Operating income for our construction materials business   increased   slightly by   $0.1 million  , or   0.2%   to   $49.1 million   for the   three months ended August 31, 2016   compared to   $49.0 million   for the   three months ended August 31, 2015  . Excluding a gain of $3.4 million on the sale of certain properties, which did not recur in the current year, operating income for the   three months ended August 31, 2016   increased $3.5 million. The increase in profit was primarily attributable to price increases and continued cost controls. 
    
  Operating income for our heavy/highway construction business decreased by   $4.8 million  , to   $3.4 million   for the   three months ended August 31, 2016   compared to   $8.2 million   for the   three months ended August 31, 2015  . This decrease was primarily attributable to the negative impact of contract cost revisions in our heavy/highway construction segment of approximately $3.5 million.   
  
   31 

     Table of Contents  

Operating income for our traffic safety services and equipment businesses increased by   $0.5 million  , or   15.6%   to   $3.7 million   for the   three months ended August 31, 2016   compared to   $3.2 million   for the   three months ended August 31, 2015  .  The increase in profitability is primarily attributable to the revenue increases on a fixed cost basis. 
    
  Interest Expense, net 
    
  Net interest expense   increased     $18.9 million  , or   89.6%   to   $40.0 million   for the   three months ended August 31, 2016   compared to   $21.1 million   for the   three months ended August 31, 2015   due to the prepayment premiums of $12.2 million, the write-off of additional deferred financing fees of $3.5 million and the additional interest of $3.1 million related to the New Term Loan and Senior Notes remaining outstanding at the same time due to the 30 day call period. 
    
  Income Tax Benefit 
    
  The income tax provision for the   three months ended August 31, 2016   and   August 31, 2015   consisted of federal and state taxes that are based on the estimated effective tax rates applicable for the full fiscal years ending   February 29, 2016   and   February 28, 2015  , respectively, after giving effect to items specifically related to the interim periods. 
    
  Our effective tax rates for the   three months ended August 31, 2016   and   2015   were   3.8%   and   4.5%  , respectively, resulting in tax expense of   $0.3 million   and   $1.3 million  , respectively. The principal factor affecting the comparability of the effective income tax rates for the respective periods is our assessment of the realizability of the current period projected pre-tax loss. We recorded a valuation allowance on the portion of the current period federal and state income tax losses that we believe is not more likely than not to be realized. The Company s determination of its valuation allowance considers the impact of utilization of alternative minimum tax net operating loss and alternative minimum tax credit carry forwards. 
    
  Six Months Ended   August 31, 2016   Compared to Six Months Ended   August 31, 2015 
    
  Revenue 
    
  Total revenue decreased   $33.9 million   or   8.8%   to   $353.4 million   for the six months ended   August 31, 2016   compared to   $387.3 million   for the six months ended   August 31, 2015  .  The decrease in revenue is primarily the result of reduced heavy/highway construction revenues, as new heavy/highway construction projects were slow to replace completed ones and a reduction in hot mix asphalt revenues.  
    
  Segment revenue for our construction materials business decreased   $14.7 million  , or   5.4%   to   $255.4 million   for the six months ended   August 31, 2016   compared to   $270.1 million   for the six months ended   August 31, 2015  . The decrease in revenues was primarily attributable to decreased hot mix asphalt revenues for the six months ended August 31, 2016 compared to the six months ended August 31, 2015. The decrease in hot mix asphalt revenues was due to a decreases in price having an impact of $9.8 million and a decrease in sales volumes of $4.6 million in the six months ended August 31, 2016 compared to the six months ended August 31, 2015. Hot mix asphalt prices were impacted by the changes in the cost of liquid asphalt cement which decreased by approximately 41% on a per ton basis for the six months ended August 31, 2016 compared to the six months ended August 31, 2015. 
    
  Segment revenue for our heavy/highway construction business decreased   $31.3 million  , or   19.7%   to   $127.2 million   for the six months ended   August 31, 2016   compared to   $158.5 million   for the six months ended   August 31, 2015  .  The decrease in revenue was primarily attributable to the completion of prior year carry over jobs that were not replaced and new jobs are not scheduled to begin until later in this fiscal year. 
    
  Segment revenue for our traffic safety services and equipment businesses increased   $7.6 million  , or   14.8%   to   $59.1 million   for the six months ended   August 31, 2016   compared to   $51.5 million   for the six months ended   August 31, 2015  . The increase in revenue was attributable to new service offerings. 
    
  Cost of Revenue  
    
  Total cost of revenue decreased   $38.3 million   or   13.1%   to   $254.4 million   for the six months ended   August 31, 2016   compared to approximately   $292.7 million   for the six months ended   August 31, 2015  .  This   decrease   is attributable to the reduction of heavy/highway construction activity and a reduction in commodity prices as compared to the six months ended   August 31, 2015  . 

32 

     Table of Contents  

Segment cost of revenue for our construction materials business as a percentage of its segment revenue decreased   5.0%   to   67.6%   for the six months ended   August 31, 2016   compared to   72.6%   for the six months ended   August 31, 2015  . Segment cost of revenue as a percentage of segment revenue improved primarily as a result of improved pricing on a fixed cost base as well as a decrease in the cost of commodities as compared to the prior year.  
    
  Segment cost of revenue for our heavy/highway construction business as a percentage of its segment revenue increased   3.5%   to   97.0%   for the six months ended   August 31, 2016   compared to   93.5%   for the six months ended   August 31, 2015  . The   increase   in segment cost of revenue as a percentage of revenue was primarily attributable to the increase in costs incurred related to job revisions during the year. 
    
  Segment cost of revenue for our traffic services and equipment business as a percentage of its segment revenue remained relatively flat, decreasing   1.0%   to   79.1%   for the six months ended   August 31, 2016   compared to   80.1%   for the six months ended   August 31, 2015  .  
    
  Depreciation, Depletion and Amortization 
    
  Depreciation, depletion and amortization increased   $0.6 million  , or   3.0%   to   $20.9 million   for the six months ended   August 31, 2016   compared to   $20.3 million   for the six months ended   August 31, 2015  . The   increase   was primarily attributable to higher depreciable assets due to an increase of capital expenditures compared to the prior year's six months ended August 31, 2015. 
    
  Selling, Administrative and General Expenses 
    
  Selling, administrative and general expenses decreased   $6.6 million  , or   25.0%   to   $19.8 million   for the six months ended   August 31, 2016   compared to   $26.4 million   for the six months ended   August 31, 2015  .   The     decrease     was primarily attributable     to a reduction in consulting fees related to restructuring in the previous year which did not recur and to a lesser extent reduced costs related to the utilization of shared services  . 
    
  Operating Income 
    
  Operating income increased   $7.5 million  , or 14.5% to   $59.1 million   for the six months ended   August 31, 2016  , as compared to   $51.6 million   for the six months ended   August 31, 2015  . The increase in operating profit was attributable to continued pricing and efficiencies in construction materials and reduced SG A costs partially offset by decreases in heavy/highway construction profits as well as a difference in gain of $3.5 million for the sale of certain properties in the six months ended August 31, 2015 that did not recur in the six months ended August 31, 2016. 
    
  Operating income for our construction materials business increased   $4.7 million  , or   7.5%   to   $67.4 million   for the six months ended   August 31, 2016   compared to   $62.7 million   for the six months ended   August 31, 2015  . Excluding a gain of $3.5 million on the sale of certain properties, which did not recur in the current year, operating income increased approximately $8.2 million. Operating income for aggregates and hot mix asphalt contributed to the increase in profits for the six months ended August 31, 2016 as compared to the six months ended August 31, 2015. These increases were primarily attributable to price increases, continued cost controls and to a lesser extent the reduced cost of commodities. 
    
  Operating income for our heavy/highway construction business decreased   $5.8 million  , or   82.9%   to   $1.2 million   for the six months ended   August 31, 2016   compared to   $7.0 million   for the six months ended   August 31, 2015  .  This decrease was primarily attributable to the negative impact of contract cost revisions in our heavy/highway construction segment of approximately $4.3 million in fiscal year 2017.   
    
  Operating income for our traffic safety services and equipment businesses increased by   $2.1 million  , or   43.8%   to   $6.9 million   for the six months ended   August 31, 2016   compared to   $4.8 million   for the six months ended   August 31, 2015  .  The increase in profitability is primarily attributable to increased revenues on a fixed cost base as well as new service offerings. 
    
  Interest Expense, net 
    
  Net interest expense increased   $18.8 million  , or   44.5%   to   $61.0 million   for the six months ended   August 31, 2016   compared to   $42.2 million   for the six months ended   August 31, 2015   due to the prepayment premiums of $12.3 million, the write-off of additional deferred financing fees of $3.5 million and the additional interest of $3.1 million related to the New Term Loan and Senior Notes remaining outstanding at the same time due to the 30 day call period. 
  
   33 

     Table of Contents  

Income Tax Expense (Benefit) 
    
  The income tax provision for the six months ended   August 31, 2016   and six months ended   August 31, 2015   consisted of federal and state taxes that are based on the estimated effective tax rates applicable for the full fiscal years ending   February 29, 2016   and   February 28, 2015  , respectively, after giving effect to items specifically related to the interim periods. 
    
   Our effective tax rates for the six months ended   August 31, 2016   and six months ended   August 31, 2015   were   5.3%   and   4.5%  , respectively, resulting in a tax benefit of   $0.1 million   and a tax expense of   $0.4 million  , respectively. The principal factor affecting the comparability of the effective income tax rates for the respective periods is our assessment of the realizability of the current period projected pre-tax loss. We recorded a valuation allowance on the portion of the current period federal and state income tax losses that we believe is not more likely than not to be realized. The Company s determination of its valuation allowance considers the impact of utilization of alternative minimum tax net operating loss and alternative minimum tax credit carry forwards. 
    
  LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES 
    
  Our sources of liquidity include cash and cash equivalents, cash from operations and amounts available for borrowing under the RCA. As of   August 31, 2016   we had borrowings of $38.9 million under the RCA with   $33.9 million   available compared to no borrowings under the RCA, with   $80.6 million   available as of   February 29, 2016  . As of   August 31, 2016  , we had   $11.1 million   in cash and cash equivalents and working capital of   $147.8 million   compared to   $40.6 million   in cash and cash equivalents and working capital of   $119.3 million   as of   February 29, 2016  . Cash balances of   $1.4 million   and   $22.7 million   as of   August 31, 2016   and   February 29, 2016  , respectively, were restricted in certain consolidated subsidiaries for insurance requirements or for the purchase of fixed assets. During the three months ended August 31, 2016, we issued a   $15.0 million   letter of credit to an insurer for the deductible portion of its liability coverage, which replaced our cash collateral agreement. Previously, we maintained a cash Collateral Trust Agreement for this purpose in the amount of   $15.5 million  . Given the nature and seasonality of our business, we typically experience significant fluctuations in working capital needs and balances during our peak summer season; these amounts are converted to cash over the course of our normal operating cycle. 
    
  We believe we have sufficient financial resources, including cash and cash equivalents, cash from operations and amounts available for borrowing under the RCA, to fund our business and operations, including capital expenditures and debt service obligations, beyond the next twelve months. Under the New Term Loan, we are subject to certain affirmative and negative covenants, of which the minimum EBITDA covenant and the capital expenditure limitation are the primary financial covenants for the next twelve months. As of the end of each fiscal quarter, we are required to have trailing twelve-month EBITDA in an amount not less than $80 million. Our capital expenditure limitation for fiscal year 2017 is $45.0 million, adjusted for certain asset proceeds in accordance with the New Term Loan and similar limitations under the RCA. As of   August 31, 2016  , we were in compliance with all of our covenant requirements through that date, and expect to remain in compliance for the next twelve months as applicable.   
    
  In the past, we have failed to meet certain operating performance measures as well as the financial covenant requirements set forth under our previous credit facilities, which resulted in the need to obtain several amendments, and should we fail in the future, we cannot guarantee that we will be able to obtain such amendments. A failure to obtain such amendments could result in an acceleration of our indebtedness under the New Term Loan and a cross-default under our other indebtedness, including the Notes. If the lenders were to accelerate the due dates of our indebtedness or if current sources of liquidity prove to be insufficient, there can be no assurance that we would be able to repay or refinance such indebtedness or to obtain sufficient funding. This could require us to restructure or alter our operations and capital structure. 

34 

     Table of Contents  

Cash Flows 
    
  The following table summarizes our net cash provided by or used in operating activities, investing activities and financing activities and our capital expenditures for the   six months ended     August 31, 2016   and   August 31, 2015  . 

Operating Activities 
    
  Net cash used in operating activities changed   $33.3 million   to   $47.4 million   for the   six months ended     August 31, 2016   compared to   $14.1 million   for the   six months ended     August 31, 2015  . Net cash used in operating activities increased as a result of the increase of cash paid for interest and prepayment penalties related to the refinancing of our debt. The increase in operating profit was offset by the change in working capital. 
    
  Investing Activities 
    
  Net cash used in investing activities increased   $3.9 million   to   $9.7 million   in the   six months ended     August 31, 2016   compared to net cash used of   $5.8 million   in the   six months ended     August 31, 2015  . Net cash used in investing activities increased primarily due to the increase in capital expenditures, which were impacted by the timing of payment, partially offset by the change in restricted cash.  
    
  Financing Activities 
    
  Net cash provided by financing activities improved slightly by   $0.5 million   to   $27.6 million   in the   six months ended     August 31, 2016   compared to   $28.1 million   for the   six months ended     August 31, 2015  . The proceeds for the New Term Loan were used to repay the existing Senior Notes as well as the fees related to the transaction.  
    
  Capital Expenditures 
    
  Cash capital expenditures increased to   $32.6 million   for the   six months ended     August 31, 2016   compared to   $11.8 million   for the   six months ended     August 31, 2015  . Cash paid for capital expenditures included $12.4 million of assets purchased in the prior period and paid during the   six months ended     August 31, 2016  . Total capital expenditures during the six months ended   August 31, 2016   increased $11.0 million to $28.8 million compared to the   six months ended     August 31, 2015   of $17.8 million. The capital expenditures for the   six months ended     August 31, 2016   were related primarily to mobile plant equipment. The Company also incurred   $8.6 million   of non-cash capital expenditures for the   six months ended     August 31, 2016   as compared to   $6.0 million   for the   six months ended     August 31, 2015  .  
    
  Our Indebtedness 
    
  Refer to Note 4  Long-Term Debt  to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for further information.  

35 

     Table of Contents  

Changes in Future Contractual Obligations 
    
  During July 2016, we entered into a Term Loan Credit and Guaranty Agreement providing for a term loan in the amount of $450.0 million bearing interest at a rate per annum equal to, at our option, either (a) a base rate plus 7.0% or (b) a LIBOR rate plus 8.0% with a LIBOR floor of 1.0%, maturing July 8, 2021 unless we fail to refinance our 11% Senior Notes due 2018 by June 1, 2018. We utilized the funds from the New Term Loan to prepay our   13%   Senior Notes and our   $70 million   Term Loan. The following is a summary of our estimated additional future payments as a result of this new commitment, net of obligations repaid from the refinancing for fiscal year periods subsequent to February 29, 2016. 

Off Balance Sheet Arrangements 
    
  From time to time in the ordinary course of business, we provide letters of credit that generally bear interest and fees between 3.00% and 4.25%. We have secured outstanding letters of credit of $31.6 million under our $35.0 million RCA and $1.1 million of unsecured letters of credit at August 31, 2016, which were not included in our Consolidated Balance Sheet. Additionally, we may be required to provide letters of credit for bonding purposes. If we do not have availability to issue secured letters of credit under the RCA, we may be required to enter into a cash collateral or similar type of agreement to secure certain types of future bonding.  
    
  Critical Accounting Policies and Significant Judgments and Estimates 
    
  Our Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations discusses our Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements, which have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. The preparation of these financial statements requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reported period. 
    
  On an ongoing basis, management evaluates its estimates, including those related to the carrying amount of property, plant and equipment; valuation of receivables, inventories, goodwill and intangible assets; recognition of revenue and loss contracts reserves under the percentage-of-completion method; assets and obligations related to employee benefit plans; asset retirement obligations; income tax valuation; and self-insurance reserves. We base our estimates on historical experience and various other assumptions that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances. We base our estimates and judgments on historical experience and on various other factors that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions and those differences may be material. For a detailed discussion of significant accounting policies that may involve a higher degree of judgment or complexity, refer to Note 1, Nature of Operations and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies as reported in our notes to our financial statements for the fiscal year ended   February 29, 2016   as filed as part of the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K and our financial statements herein. 
    
  Recently Issued Accounting Standards 
    
  Refer to Note 1,  Nature of Operations and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies  to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for a discussion of recent accounting guidance and pronouncements. 

36 

     Table of Contents  

Forward-looking Statements 
    
  This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q contains  forward-looking statements  within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such statements include, in particular, statements about our plans, strategies and prospects under the headings  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  and  Business.  You can identify certain forward-looking statements by our use of forward-looking terminology such as, but not limited to,  believes,   expects,   anticipates,   estimates,   intends,   plans,   targets,   likely,   will,   would,   could  and similar expressions that identify forward-looking statements. All forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties. Many risks and uncertainties are inherent in our industry and markets. Others are more specific to our operations. The occurrence of the events described and the achievement of the expected results depend on many events, some or all of which are not predictable or within our control. Actual results may differ materially from the forward-looking statements contained in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q.  Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements include: 

material weaknesses and significant deficiencies in our internal control over financial reporting; 
                
    risks associated with the cyclical nature of our business and dependence on activity within the construction industry;  
                
    declines in public sector construction and reductions in governmental funding which could continue to adversely   affect our operations and results; 
                
    our reliance on private investment in infrastructure and a slower than normal recovery which continue to adversely affect our results; 
                
    a decline in the funding of Pennsylvania Department of Transportation, which we refer to as PennDot, the Pennsylvania Turnpike Commission, the New York State Thruway Authority or other state agencies; 
                
    difficult and volatile conditions in the credit markets may adversely affect our financial position, results of operations and cash flows; 
                
    our substantial debt and the risk of default of our existing and future indebtedness, which may result in an acceleration of our indebtedness thereunder; 
                
    impact of our credit rating on our cost of capital and ability to refinance; 
                
    the potential for our lender to modify the terms of our asset-based loan facility; 
                
    the risk of default of our existing and future indebtedness, which may result in an acceleration of our indebtedness hereunder; 
                
    the potential to inaccurately estimate the overall risks, requirements or costs when we bid on or negotiate a contract that is ultimately awarded to us; 
                
    the weather and seasonality; 
                
    our operation in a highly competitive industry within our local markets;  
                
    rising costs of health care; 
                
    our dependence upon securing and permitting aggregate reserves in strategically located areas; 
                
    risks related to our ability to acquire other businesses in our industry and successfully integrate them with our existing operations; 
                
    risks associated with our capital-intensive business; 
                
    risks related to our ability to meet schedule or performance requirements of our contracts; 
                
    changes to environmental, health and safety laws; 
                
    our dependence on our senior management; 
                
    our ability to recruit additional management and other personnel and our ability to grow our business effectively or successfully implement our growth plans; 
                
    the potential for labor disputes to disrupt operations of our businesses; 
                
    special hazards related to our operations that may cause personal injury or property damage; 
                
    unexpected self-insurance claims and reserve estimates; 
                
    material costs and losses as a result of claims that our products do not meet regulatory requirements or contractual specifications; 
                
    our ability to permit additional reserves in select locations; 
                
    cancellation of significant contracts or our disqualification from bidding for new contracts; 
                
    general business and economic conditions, particularly an economic downturn;  
                
    our new regional alignment and restructuring of our accounting and certain administrative functions may not yield the anticipated efficiencies and may result in a loss of key personnel; and 
                
    the other factors discussed under Item 1A-Risk Factors in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for our fiscal year ended February 29, 2016. 

37 

     Table of Contents  

We caution you that the foregoing list of important factors may not contain all of the material factors that are important to you. In addition, in light of these risks and uncertainties, the matters referred to in the forward-looking statements contained in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q may not in fact occur. We undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statement as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as otherwise required by law. 

38 

Table of Contents  

ITEM 3 - QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
    
  We have exposure to financial market risks, including changes in commodity prices, interest rates and other relevant market prices. 
    
  Commodity Price Risk 
    
  We are subject to commodity price risk with respect to price changes in energy, including fossil fuels, electricity and natural gas for production of hot mix asphalt and cement and diesel fuel for distribution and production related vehicles. We attempt to limit our exposure to changes in commodity prices by putting sales price escalators in place for most public contracts, and we aggressively seek to obtain escalators on private and commercial contracts. 
    
  Interest Rate Risk 
    
  We are subject to interest rate risk in connection with borrowings under our indebtedness.  As of   August 31, 2016  , we had   $38.9 million   in indebtedness outstanding under the RCA and   $450.0 million   under the New Term Loan subject to variable interest rates. Each change of 1.00% in interest rates would result in an approximate   $4.9 million   change in our annual interest expense relating to the RCA and New Term Loan.  Any debt we incur in the future could also bear interest at floating rates. 

ITEM 4 - CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES  
    
  The information provided in this Item 4 (Controls and Procedures) is as of the date of the filing of this Form 10-Q. 
    
  This report includes the certifications attached as Exhibits 31.1 and 31.2 of our CEO and CFO required by Rule 13a-14 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, which we refer to as the Exchange Act. This Item 4 includes information concerning the controls and control evaluations referred to in those certifications. 
    
  Our system of internal control is based on the control criteria framework of the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission ("COSO"). 
    
  Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
    
  Disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act are designed to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed in reports we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the rules and forms of the SEC and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including the CEO and CFO, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures. Our management, under the supervision and with the participation of our CEO and CFO, evaluated the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of   August 31, 2016  . Based upon that evaluation, our CEO and CFO concluded that, as of   August 31, 2016  , our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective as a result of the material weaknesses in internal control over financial reporting described below. 
    
  Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act. Internal control over financial reporting is a process designed under the supervision of the Company s CEO and CFO to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with GAAP. Internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that: 
    
  (i)  pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of our assets; 
    
  (ii)  provide reasonable assurance that our transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP, and that our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and our directors; and 
    
  (iii)  provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

39 

     Table of Contents  

Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
    
  A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of our annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. In connection with the preparation of our financial statements for the years ended February 29, 2016, February 28, 2015, February 28, 2014, February 28, 2013, February 29, 2012, and February 28, 2011, management identified certain material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting as further described below. 

In the areas of finance, tax, accounting and information technology departments, we did not ensure a sufficient complement of personnel with an appropriate level of knowledge, experience and training commensurate with our structure and accounting and financial reporting requirements, which was identified as a material weakness by management during the fiscal year 2012 year-end financial reporting process. 
       
  As part of our remediation efforts, we have hired professional finance resources to enhance accounting and aid in financial reporting and internal control capabilities. Specifically, we hired Business Unit Controllers, an Internal Audit Director, Internal Audit resources and a Chief Information Officer. In March 2013, we appointed a new Chief Financial Officer. Management continues to evaluate personnel and augment resources where needed to further strengthen competencies. These areas continue to improve through the hiring of professionals with the appropriate educational backgrounds and business experiences, and through our support of their continuing professional education. Additionally, we have augmented these resources with support from third party professional finance resources. We will continue our remediation efforts during fiscal year 2017.   
    
  We did not maintain effective controls over information and communication: 

We did not maintain effective controls over information and communication, specifically around reports and financial data, as we had several issues with our ERP system implementation in 2012. Thus, we had issues in providing the identification, capture, and exchange of information in a form and time frame that enabled our employees to carry out their responsibilities. Specifically, due to the system implementation, there were issues associated with the actual information/reports provided, which proved to be a pervasive issue. This deficiency which was identified by management and its independent auditors in fiscal year 2012 resulted from either not having adequate controls designed and in place or not achieving the intended operating effectiveness of controls. 
          
  As part of our remediation efforts, we have provided further training and made configuration changes such that our ERP is operating in a more effective manner. We have hired a Chief Information Officer, and information technology resources to ensure policies, procedures and processes are executed. Additionally, we have provided internal control training to reinforce the importance of our control environment for Finance, Accounting, Information Technology Department personnel and all operations managers across the Company. We continue to implement information technology general controls and will continue to enhance and test those controls during fiscal year 2017 as part of our remediation efforts. 
    
  The material weaknesses in our control environment, monitoring of controls, information and communication, and risk assessments contributed to additional material weaknesses in various control activities as set forth below: 

We did not maintain effective controls over the implementation of a new ERP in 2012. Specifically, we did not implement appropriate logical security design and testing, perform sufficient data conversion testing, maintain appropriate system documentation, or provide sufficient end user training during the implementation of the ERP. During the implementation of the ERP, management did not provide appropriate logical security design and testing, perform sufficient data conversion testing, and maintain appropriate system documentation. This material weakness was identified by management and the Company s independent auditors during the fiscal year 2012 financial reporting process. This material weakness contributed to other control issues described below. 
       
  As described above, we continue to ensure a sufficient complement of qualified information technology resources are in place to execute the policies, procedures and processes that continue to be implemented. We will continue to enhance and test those controls during fiscal year 2017. 

40 

     Table of Contents  

We did not implement appropriate information technology controls related to change management, data integrity, access and segregation of duties. This material weakness, which was previously identified as a significant deficiency in prior years by our independent auditors and elevated to a material weakness in fiscal 2012 due to issues with our ERP implementation, resulted in both not having adequate automated and manual controls designed and in place and not achieving the intended operating effectiveness of controls to ensure accuracy of our financial reporting. For example, we did not maintain adequate segregation of duties around most accounting processes and did not have adequate integrity verification of our sub-ledgers. 
       
  As part of our remediation efforts, we have continued to assess the existing roles and responsibilities and remediate system access and functionality issues. Additionally, we have provided internal control training to reinforce the importance of our control environment for Finance, Accounting, Operations, Information Technology Department personnel and all operations managers across the Company. We continue to implement information technology general controls and we will continue to enhance and test those controls during fiscal year 2017 as part of our remediation efforts. 

We did not maintain effective controls over accounting for contracts including those in our Traffic Safety and Services operations. Specifically, we did not design and maintain effective controls over the reconciliation of contract billings and accruals to the general ledger, or formally analyze the recognition of contract revenue, profit and loss. For example, as a result of the ERP conversion in 2012, intercompany contracts were incorrectly classified as third party contracts and contract expenses for certain multi-year contracts were under accrued. In addition, during fiscal year 2016, there were select instances where the Delegation of Authority was not properly followed. This material weakness, which was identified by management during the 2012 financial reporting process, resulted in additional procedures performed by management and adjustments during the fiscal years 2016, 2015, 2014, 2013 and 2012 year-end financial closing and reporting processes. 
       
  We have established a manual process to track and eliminate intercompany activity as described above. Additionally, we implemented a training program and analytical tools and we are in the process of implementing project management software. We have implemented a formal review and approval process by appropriate personnel that include contracts, billing costing, job performance and account reconciliation. Despite these efforts, we have made significant accounting adjustments associated with contracts during fiscal year 2016. We will continue our remediation efforts during fiscal year 2017. 

We did not maintain effective controls over the completeness, accuracy and valuation of our deferred tax assets and liabilities. Specifically, we did not design and maintain effective controls with respect to accounting for the difference between the book and tax bases of the company s property, plant and equipment and capital leases. This material weakness which was identified by management and our independent auditors in fiscal year 2012 resulted in additional procedures performed by management and adjustments identified by management and our independent auditors during the fiscal years 2016, 2015, 2014, 2013, and 2012. 
          
  We have contracted third party advisors to provide training and support related to our tax provision preparation. We have implemented formal internal control reviews that include tax filing, provision and disclosure review. We will continue our remediation efforts during fiscal year 2017. 
    
  Misstatements could result in substantially all of the accounts and disclosures associated with the material weaknesses described above and as a result a material misstatement in our annual or interim consolidated financial statements would not be prevented or detected in a timely manner. Management has performed procedures designed to determine the reliability of our financial reporting and related financial statements and we believe the consolidated financial statements included in this report as of and for the quarter ended   August 31, 2016  , are fairly stated in all material respects. 
    
  Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
    
  No changes as of the   second   quarter ended   August 31, 2016  . 

PART II. OTHER INFORMATION 

41 

Table of Contents  

ITEM 1 - LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
    
  We are a party from time to time to legal proceedings relating to our operations. Our ultimate legal and financial liability in respect to all legal proceedings in which we are involved at any given time cannot be estimated with any certainty. However, based upon examination of such matters and consultation with counsel, management currently believes that the ultimate outcome of these contingencies will not have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial position, although the resolution in any reporting period of one or more of these matters could have a significant impact on our results of operations and/or cash flows for that period. 

42 

Table of Contents  

ITEM 1A - RISK FACTORS 
    
  You should carefully consider the risks described in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended   February 29, 2016   filed with the SEC on May 23, 2016, including those disclosed under the caption  Risk Factors,  which could materially affect our business, financial condition or future results.  Additional regulatory and other risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently deem to be immaterial also may materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, and/or operating results.  If any of the risks actually occur, our business, financial condition, and/or results of operations could be negatively affected.  The risks described in our Form 10-K have not materially changed. 

ITEM 2 - UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS 
    
  None. 

ITEM 3 - DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES 
    
  None. 

ITEM 4 - MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
    
  The information concerning mine safety violations or other regulatory matters required by Section 1503(a) of the Dodd Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and Item 104 of Regulation S-K is included in Exhibit 95 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 

ITEM 5 - OTHER INFORMATION 
    
  None. 

43 

Table of Contents  

ITEM 6 - EXHIBITS 
    
                     Exhibit 
  Number 
      
    Description 
      10.1 
      
    Employment Agreement Amendment, dated July 21, 2016, by and between New 
  Enterprise Stone   Lime Co., Inc., and Albert L. Stone (incorporated by reference 
  from the Company's current report on Form 8-K filed on July 25, 2016). 

31.1* 
      
    Certification of the Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act, as amended. 

31.2* 
      
    Certification of the Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act, as amended. 

32.1** 
      
    Certification of the Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350. 

32.2** 
      
    Certification of the Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350. 

95** 
      
    Mine Safety Disclosures 

101.INS XBRL*** 
      
    Instance document 

101.SCH XBRL*** 
      
    Taxonomy Extension Schema 

101.CAL XBRL*** 
      
    Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase 

101.DEF XBRL*** 
      
    Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase 

101.LAB XBRL*** 
      
    Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase 

101.PRE XBRL*** 
      
    Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase 

*       Filed herewith. 
  **     Furnished herewith. 
  ***   Pursuant to applicable securities laws and regulations, the Company is deemed to have complied with the reporting obligation relating to the submission of interactive data files in such exhibits and is not subject to liability under any anti-fraud provisions of the federal securities laws as long as the Company has made a good faith attempt to comply with the submission requirements and promptly amends the interactive data files. 

44 

Table of Contents  

SIGNATURE 
    
  Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

NEW ENTERPRISE STONE   LIME CO., INC. 

Date: October 11, 2016 
    By: 
    /s/ Albert L. Stone 

Albert L. Stone 

Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

45 

Table of Contents  

EXHIBIT INDEX 
    
                     Exhibit 
  Number 
      
    Description 

10.1 
      
    Employment Agreement Amendment, dated July 21, 2016, by and between New 
  Enterprise Stone   Lime Co., Inc., and Albert L. Stone (incorporated by reference 
  from the Company's current report on Form 8-K filed on July 25, 2016). 

31.1* 
      
    Certification of the Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act, as amended. 

31.2* 
      
    Certification of the Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act, as amended. 

32.1** 
      
    Certification of the Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350. 

32.2** 
      
    Certification of the Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350. 

95** 
      
    Mine Safety Disclosures 

101.INS XBRL*** 
      
    Instance document 

101.SCH XBRL*** 
      
    Taxonomy Extension Schema 

101.CAL XBRL*** 
      
    Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase 

101.DEF XBRL*** 
      
    Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase 

101.LAB XBRL*** 
      
    Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase 

101.PRE XBRL*** 
      
    Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase 

*        Filed herewith. 
  **      Furnished herewith. 
  ***   Pursuant to applicable securities laws and regulations, the Company is deemed to have complied with the reporting obligation relating to the submission of interactive data files in such exhibits and is not subject to liability under any anti-fraud provisions of the federal securities laws as long as the Company has made a good faith attempt to comply with the submission requirements and promptly amends the interactive data files. 

46 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 exhibit31108-31x2016.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 

Exhibit 31.1 
    
  Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or 15d-14(a) 
    
  I, Paul I. Detwiler, III, certify that: 
    
  1.    I have reviewed this report on Form 10-Q of New Enterprise Stone   Lime Co., Inc.; 
    
  2.     Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
    
  3.    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
    
  4.     The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
    
  a)    Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
    
  b)    Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
    
  c)    Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
    
  d)    Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
    
  5.    The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
    
  a)     All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
    
  b)    Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
    
                 Date: October 11, 2016 

/s/ Paul I. Detwiler, III 
        
    Paul I. Detwiler, III 
        
    President, Chief Executive Officer and Secretary 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 exhibit31208-31x2016.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 

Exhibit 31.2 
    
  Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or 15d-14(a) 
    
  I, Albert L. Stone, certify that: 
    
  1.      I have reviewed this report on Form 10-Q of New Enterprise Stone   Lime Co., Inc.; 
    
  2.     Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
    
  3.      Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
    
  4.    The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
    
  a)    Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
    
  b)    Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
    
  c)    Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
    
  d)    Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
    
  5.     The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
    
  a)    All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
    
  b)     Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
    
                 Date: October 11, 2016 

/s/ Albert L. Stone 
        
    Albert L. Stone 
        
    Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 exhibit32108-31x2016.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 

Exhibit 32.1 
    
  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
  18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
    
  In connection with the Quarterly Report of New Enterprise Stone   Lime Co., Inc. (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended   August 31, 2016  , as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Form 10-Q ), I, Paul I. Detwiler, III, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the best of my knowledge: 
    
  (i)          the Form 10-Q fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 
    
  (ii)       the information contained in the Form 10-Q fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
    
                 Date: October 11, 2016 

/s/ Paul I. Detwiler, III 
      
      Paul I. Detwiler, III 
      
      President, Chief Executive Officer and Secretary 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 exhibit32208-31x2016.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

Exhibit 

Exhibit 32.2 
    
  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
  18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
    
  In connection with the Quarterly Report of New Enterprise Stone   Lime Co., Inc. (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended   August 31, 2016   as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Form 10-Q ), I, Albert L. Stone, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the best of my knowledge: 
    
  (i)          the Form 10-Q fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 
    
  (ii)       the information contained in the Form 10-Q fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
    
                 Date: October 11, 2016 

/s/ Albert L. Stone 
      
      Albert L. Stone 
      
      Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-95>
 6
 exhibit9508-31x2016.htm
 EXHIBIT 95

Exhibit 

Exhibit 95 
    
  MSHA Citations and Litigation 
    
  Pursuant to Section 1503 of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (the  Dodd-Frank Act ), operators of a coal or other mine that file reports under Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act must include in each periodic report filed with the SEC certain information regarding health and safety violations at their mines. 
    
  The Dodd-Frank Act requires disclosure of the following categories of violations, orders and citations under the Federal Mine Safety and Health Act of 1977 ( Mine Act ): (1) Section 104 S S Citations, which are citations issued for violations of mandatory health or safety standards that could significantly and substantially contribute to the cause and effect of a mine safety or health hazard; (2) Section 104(b) Orders, which are orders issued upon a follow up inspection where the inspector finds the violation previously cited has not been totally abated in the prescribed time period; (3) Section 104(d) Citations and Orders, which are issued upon violations of mandatory health or safety standards caused by an unwarrantable failure of the operator to comply with the standards; (4) Section 110(b)(2) Violations, which result from the reckless and repeated failure to eliminate a known violation; (5) Section 107(a) Orders, which are given when the Mine Safety and Health Administration  MSHA  determines that an imminent danger exists and results in an order of immediate withdrawal from the area of the mine affected by the condition; and (6) written notices from MSHA of a pattern or potential to have a pattern of violations of mandatory health or safety standards that are of such nature as could have significantly and substantially contributed to the cause and effect of mine health or safety hazards under Section 104(e). In addition, the Dodd-Frank Act requires the disclosure of the total dollar value of proposed assessments from MSHA under the Mine Act, and the total number of mining related fatalities. 
    
  During the   three months ended August 31, 2016  , none of our operations: (i) received Section 104(b) Orders; (ii) had any flagrant violations under Section 110(b)(2); (iii) received section 104(d) Citations and Orders, which are issued upon violations of mandatory health or safety standards caused by an unwarrantable failure of the operator to comply with the standards; (iv) received notice from MSHA of a pattern of violations of mandatory health or safety standards under Section 104(e); or (v) had any mining-related fatalities. 
    
  The subsequent table lists the number of inspections, the number of S S citations and the total dollar value of proposed assessments from MSHA under the Mine Act for the   three months ended August 31, 2016  . 

*Only operations that have received violations, citations, orders and/or proposed assessments issued under the Mine Act have been included in this table. 

</EX-95>

<EX-101.INS>
 7
 nesl-20160831.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 nesl-20160831.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 9
 nesl-20160831_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 nesl-20160831_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 nesl-20160831_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 nesl-20160831_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

