<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161103_10-Q_edgar_data_25445_0001628280-16-020774_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>8250489</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>135094</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>437929</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2713067</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3529707</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1285735</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>52</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001628280-16-020774.hdr.sgml : 20161103
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161103170537
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001628280-16-020774
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		77
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161103
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161103

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			CRANE CO /DE/
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000025445
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	MISCELLANEOUS FABRICATED METAL PRODUCTS [3490]
		IRS NUMBER:				131952290
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-01657
		FILM NUMBER:		161972593

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		CRANE CO.
		STREET 2:		100 FIRST STAMFORD PLACE
		CITY:			STAMFORD
		STATE:			CT
		ZIP:			06902
		BUSINESS PHONE:		203-363-7300

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		CRANE CO.
		STREET 2:		100 FIRST STAMFORD PLACE
		CITY:			STAMFORD
		STATE:			CT
		ZIP:			06902

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001628280-16-020774.txt : 20161103

10-Q
 1
 cr-20160930x10q.htm
 10-Q

Document 

UNITED STATES 
  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
  Washington, D.C. 20549 
  FORM 10-Q 
  Mark One: 

For the Quarterly Period Ended   September 30, 2016    
  OR 

For the Transition Period from              to               
  Commission File Number: 1-1657    
  CRANE CO. 
  (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

Delaware 
      
    13-1952290 
      (State or other jurisdiction of 
  incorporation or organization) 
      
    (I.R.S. Employer 
  Identification No.) 

Registrant s telephone number, including area code: 203-363-7300 
  (Not Applicable) 
  (Former name, former address and former fiscal year, if changed since last report) 
   Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.    Yes    x      No    o 
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).    Yes    x      No    o 
    
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non  accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See definitions of  large accelerated filer ,  accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.                                                  (check one): 

Large accelerated filer 
      
    x 
       
    Accelerated filer 
      
    o 
      Non-accelerated filer 
      
    o   (Do not check if a smaller reporting company) 
       
    Smaller reporting company 
      
    o 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).    Yes    o      No    x 
  The number of shares outstanding of the issuer s classes of common stock, as of October 31, 2016 
  Common stock, $1.00 Par Value     58,656,531   shares 
  
   1 

P  ART   I: F  INANCIAL   I  NFORMATION 
   
  ITEM 1: FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
  C  RANE   C  O  .   AND   S  UBSIDIARIES 
  C  ONDENSED     CONSOLIDATED     STATEMENTS     OF   O  PERATIONS 
  (  IN     M  ILLIONS  ,   EXCEPT     PER     SHARE     DATA  ) 
  (U  NAUDITED  ) 

See Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
  
   Page 2 

C  RANE   C  O  .   AND   S  UBSIDIARIES 
  C  ONDENSED     CONSOLIDATED     STATEMENTS     OF   C  OMPREHENSIVE   I  NCOME (LOSS)  
  (  IN     M  ILLIONS  ) 
  (U  NAUDITED  ) 

See Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements.  
  
   Page 3 

C  RANE   C  O  .   AND   S  UBSIDIARIES 
  C  ONDENSED     CONSOLIDATED   B  ALANCE   S  HEETS 
  (  IN     M  ILLIONS  ) 
  (U  NAUDITED  )  

See Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
  
   Page 4 

C  RANE   C  O  .   AND   S  UBSIDIARIES 
  C  ONDENSED   C  ONSOLIDATED   B  ALANCE   S  HEETS 
  (  IN     M  ILLIONS  ,   EXCEPT     SHARE     AND     PER     SHARE     DATA  ) 
  (U  NAUDITED  ) 

See Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
  
   Page 5 

C  RANE   C  O  .   AND   S  UBSIDIARIES 
  C  ONDENSED     CONSOLIDATED     STATEMENTS     OF   C  ASH   F  LOWS 
  (  IN     M  ILLIONS  ) 
  (U  NAUDITED  ) 
   
 See Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
  
   Page 6 

Note 1 - Basis of Presentation 
  The accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America for interim financial reporting and the instructions to Form 10-Q and, therefore, reflect all adjustments which are, in the opinion of management, necessary for a fair statement of the results for the interim periods presented.  All such adjustments are of a normal recurring nature.  These interim condensed consolidated financial statements should be read in conjunction with the Consolidated Financial Statements and Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015  . 
  Recent Accounting Pronouncements - Not Yet Adopted 
  In August 2016, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ) issued amended guidance that clarifies how companies present and classify certain cash receipts and cash payments in the statement of cash flows.  The amended guidance is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017, including interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption is permitted.  Upon adoption, entities must apply the guidance retrospectively to all periods presented. The Company is currently evaluating when to adopt the new standard, and the impact the amended guidance will have on its consolidated financial statements. 
  In June 2016, the FASB issued amended guidance that changes the impairment model for most financial assets and certain other instruments. For trade and other receivables, held-to-maturity debt securities, loans and other instruments, entities will be required to use a new forward-looking  expected loss  model that will replace today s  incurred loss  model and generally will result in the earlier recognition of allowances for losses. For available-for-sale debt securities with unrealized losses, entities will measure credit losses in a manner similar to current practice, except that the losses will be recognized as an allowance.  This amended guidance is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2019, including interim periods within those fiscal years.  Early adoption for the fiscal year beginning after December 15, 2018 is permitted. Entities will apply the standard s provisions as a cumulative-effect adjustment to retained earnings as of the beginning of the first effective reporting period. The Company is currently evaluating when to adopt the new standard, and the impact the amended guidance will have on its consolidated financial statements and related disclosures.  
    
  In March 2016, the FASB issued amended guidance related to employee share-based payment accounting.  The amended guidance simplifies several aspects related to the accounting for share-based payment transactions, including the accounting for income taxes, statutory tax withholding requirements, forfeitures and classification on the statement of cash flows. This amended guidance is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2016, and interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption is permitted.  The Company is currently evaluating when to adopt the new standard, and the impact the amended guidance will have on its consolidated financial statements and related disclosures. 
    
  In February 2016, the FASB issued amended guidance on accounting for leases.  The amended guidance requires the recognition of a right-of-use asset and a lease liability for all leases by lessees with the exception of short-term leases and amends disclosure requirements associated with leasing arrangements.  The new standard is effective for fiscal years and interim periods within those fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018 using a modified retrospective transition approach.  Early adoption is permitted.  The Company is currently evaluating when to adopt the new standard, and the impact the amended guidance will have on its consolidated financial statements and related disclosures. 
  In November 2015, the FASB issued amended guidance to simplify the presentation of deferred income taxes. The amendments require deferred tax liabilities and assets to be classified as noncurrent.  The amended guidance is effective for financial statements issued for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2016, and interim periods within those annual periods.  Early adoption is permitted; however, the Company will not be early adopting this standard.  The amended guidance will not have an impact on the Company s results of operations or cash flows, but will affect the presentation of deferred income taxes on its consolidated financial position.  
    
  In July 2015, the FASB issued amended guidance, which changes the measurement principle for inventory from the lower of cost or market to the lower of cost and net realizable value. The guidance defines net realizable value as estimated selling prices in the ordinary course of business, less reasonably predictable costs of completion, disposal, and transportation. The new guidance must be applied on a prospective basis and is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2016, and interim periods within those years.  Early adoption is permitted; however, the Company will not be early adopting this standard.  The Company does not expect the amended guidance to have a material impact on its consolidated financial statements.  

Page 7 

In May 2014, the FASB issued new accounting guidance related to revenue recognition. This new standard will replace all current U.S. GAAP guidance on this topic and eliminate all current industry-specific guidance. The new revenue recognition standard provides a unified model to determine when and how revenue is recognized. The core principle is that an entity should recognize revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration for which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. In July 2015, the FASB agreed to a one-year deferral of the effective date; the new standard is now effective for reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2017, including interim periods within that reporting period. Early adoption of the new revenue standard is permitted; however, entities reporting under U.S. GAAP are not permitted to adopt the standard earlier than the original effective date, which was for years beginning after December 15, 2016, and the Company does not plan to adopt this new standard early.  The new standard can be applied either retrospectively to each period presented or as a cumulative-effect adjustment as of the date of adoption.  The Company is currently evaluating the impacts of adoption and the implementation approach to be used. 
  Recent Accounting Pronouncements - Adopted 
    
  In April 2015, the FASB issued amended guidance to simplify the presentation of debt issuance costs. The amended guidance requires debt issuance costs related to a recognized debt liability to be presented on the balance sheet as a direct deduction from the carrying amount of that debt liability, consistent with debt discounts. The amendment was effective for periods beginning after December 15, 2015.  The Company adopted the provisions of this guidance in the first quarter of 2016 and applied it retrospectively to prior periods.  The impact on the Company s consolidated financial statements is summarized below: 
    
  Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2015 (in millions): 

In September 2015, the FASB issued amended guidance regarding business combinations that requires an acquirer to recognize post-close measurement adjustments for provisional amounts in the period the adjustment amounts are determined rather than retrospectively. The acquirer is also required to recognize, in the same period s financial statements, the effect on earnings of changes in depreciation, amortization, or other income effects, if any, as a result of the provisional amount, calculated as if the accounting had been completed at the acquisition date. The updated guidance is to be applied prospectively effective for annual and interim periods beginning after December 15, 2015. The Company adopted the guidance in the first quarter of 2016 and will apply it prospectively.  The adoption of the guidance did not have an impact on its consolidated financial statements. 

Page 8 

Note 2 - Segment Results 
  The Company s segments are reported on the same basis used internally for evaluating performance and for allocating resources. The Company has   four   reportable segments: Fluid Handling, Payment   Merchandising Technologies, Aerospace   Electronics and Engineered Materials. Assets of the reportable segments exclude general corporate assets, which principally consist of cash, deferred tax assets, insurance receivables, certain property, plant and equipment, and certain other assets.  Corporate consists of corporate office expenses including compensation and benefits for corporate employees, occupancy, depreciation, and other administrative costs.  

* Includes a $5 million legal settlement charge. 

Page 9 

The table below presents net sales by product line for each segment: 

Page 10 

Note 3 - Earnings Per Share 
  The Company s basic earnings per share calculations are based on the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the period. Shares of restricted stock are included in the computation of both basic and diluted earnings per share. Potentially dilutive securities include outstanding stock options, restricted share units, deferred stock units and performance-based restricted share units. The dilutive effect of potentially dilutive securities is reflected in diluted earnings per common share by application of the treasury method. Diluted earnings per share gives effect to all potentially dilutive common shares outstanding during the period. 

The computation of diluted earnings per share excludes the effect of the potential exercise of stock options when the average market price of the common stock is lower than the exercise price of the related stock options during the period (  0.7 million   and   1.3 million   average options were excluded for the third quarter of 2016 and 2015, respectively, and   1.1 million   average options for both the first nine months of 2016 and 2015). 

Page 11 

Note 4 - Changes in Equity and Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income 
  A summary of the changes in equity for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and   2015   is provided below: 

The table below provides the accumulated balances for each classification of accumulated other comprehensive loss, as reflected on the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. 

* Net of tax benefit of   $107.5 million   and   $109.8 million   for   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively. 

Page 12 

The table below illustrates the amounts reclassified out of each component of accumulated other comprehensive income for the three month periods ended   September 30, 2016   and 2015.  

The table below illustrates the amounts reclassified out of each component of accumulated other comprehensive income for the nine month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. 

Page 13 

Note 5 - Acquisitions 
  On December 11, 2013, the Company completed the acquisition of MEI Conlux Holdings (U.S.), Inc. and its affiliate MEI Conlux Holdings (Japan), Inc. (together,  MEI ), a leading provider of payment solutions for unattended transaction systems, serving customers in the transportation, gaming, retail, financial services and vending markets. The purchase price was   $804 million   for all of the outstanding equity interests of MEI.  MEI has been integrated into the Company s Crane Payment Innovations ( CPI ) business within its Payment   Merchandising Technologies segment.  
  Acquisition-Related Costs 
  Acquisition-related costs are expensed as incurred. For the three months ended September 30, 2015, the Company recorded   $2.2 million   of acquisition integration related charges and a pension curtailment gain of   $4.4 million  . For the nine months ended September 30, 2016, the Company recorded a $0.4 million restructuring gain.  For the nine months ended September 30, 2015, the Company recorded   $5.6 million   of acquisition integration related charges,   $0.2 million   of restructuring costs and a   $4.4 million   pension curtailment gain related to the acquisition.  See additional discussion in Note 14. 
   
  Note 6 - Goodwill and Intangible Assets 
  The Company s business acquisitions have typically resulted in the recognition of goodwill and other intangible assets. The Company follows the provisions of ASC Topic 350,  Intangibles   Goodwill and Other  ( ASC 350 ) as it relates to the accounting for goodwill in the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. These provisions require that the Company, on at least an annual basis, evaluate the fair value of the reporting units to which goodwill is assigned and attributed and compare that fair value to the carrying value of the reporting unit to determine if an impairment has occurred. The Company performs its annual impairment testing during the fourth quarter. Impairment testing takes place more often than annually if events or circumstances indicate a change in status that would indicate a potential impairment. The Company believes that there have been no events or circumstances which would more likely than not reduce the fair value for its reporting units below its carrying value. A reporting unit is an operating segment unless discrete financial information is prepared and reviewed by segment management for businesses one level below that operating segment (a  component ), in which case the component would be the reporting unit. In certain instances, the Company has aggregated components of an operating segment into a single reporting unit based on similar economic characteristics. At   September 30, 2016  , the Company had   seven   reporting units. 
  When performing its annual impairment assessment, the Company compares the fair value of each of its reporting units to its respective carrying value. Goodwill is considered to be potentially impaired when the net book value of the reporting unit exceeds its estimated fair value. Fair values are established primarily by discounting estimated future cash flows at an estimated cost of capital which varies for each reporting unit and which, as of the Company s most recent annual impairment assessment, ranged between   10.0%   and   12.5%   (a weighted average of   10.8%  ), reflecting the respective inherent business risk of each of the reporting units tested. This methodology for valuing the Company s reporting units (commonly referred to as the Income Method) has not changed since the adoption of the provisions under ASC 350. The determination of discounted cash flows is based on the businesses  strategic plans and long-range planning forecasts, which change from year to year. The revenue growth rates included in the forecasts represent best estimates based on current and forecasted market conditions. Profit margin assumptions are projected by each reporting unit based on the current cost structure and anticipated net cost increases/reductions.  There are inherent uncertainties related to these assumptions, including changes in market conditions, and management judgment is necessary in applying them to the analysis of goodwill impairment. In addition to the foregoing, for each reporting unit, market multiples are used to corroborate its discounted cash flow results where fair value is estimated based on earnings multiples determined by available public information of comparable businesses. While the Company believes it has made reasonable estimates and assumptions to calculate the fair value of its reporting units, it is possible a material change could occur. If actual results are not consistent with management s estimates and assumptions, goodwill and other intangible assets may then be determined to be overstated and a charge would need to be taken against net earnings. Furthermore, in order to evaluate the sensitivity of the fair value calculations on the goodwill impairment test performed during the fourth quarter of 2015, the Company applied a hypothetical, reasonably possible   10%   decrease to the fair values of each reporting unit. The effects of this hypothetical   10%   decrease still resulted in the fair value calculation exceeding the carrying value for each reporting unit. 

Page 14 

Changes to goodwill are as follows: 

Changes to intangible assets are as follows: 

As of   September 30, 2016  , the Company had   $302.1 million   of net intangible assets, of which   $27.6 million   were intangibles with indefinite useful lives, consisting of trade names. The Company amortizes the cost of other intangibles over their estimated useful lives unless such lives are deemed indefinite. Intangibles with indefinite useful lives are tested annually for impairment, or when events or changes in circumstances indicate the potential for impairment. If the carrying amount of an intangible asset with an indefinite useful life exceeds the fair value, the intangible asset is written down to its fair value. Fair value is calculated using discounted cash flows. 
  In addition to annual testing for impairment of indefinite-lived intangible assets, the Company reviews all of its long-lived assets, including intangible assets subject to amortization, for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. Examples of events or changes in circumstances could include, but are not limited to, a prolonged economic downturn, current period operating or cash flow losses combined with a history of losses or a forecast of continuing losses associated with the use of an asset or asset group, or a current expectation that an asset or asset group will be sold or disposed of before the end of its previously estimated useful life. Recoverability is based upon projections of anticipated future undiscounted cash flows associated with the use and eventual disposal of the long-lived asset (or asset group), as well as specific appraisal in certain instances. Reviews occur at the lowest level for which identifiable cash flows are largely independent of cash flows associated with other long-lived assets or asset groups and include estimated future revenues, gross profit margins, operating profit margins and capital expenditures which are based on the businesses  strategic plans and long-range planning forecasts, which change from year to year. The revenue growth rates included in the forecasts represent our best estimates based on current and forecasted market conditions, and the profit margin assumptions are based on the current cost structure and anticipated net cost increases/reductions. There are inherent uncertainties related to these assumptions, including changes in market conditions, and management s judgment in applying them to the analysis.  If the future undiscounted cash flows are less than the carrying value, then the long-lived asset is considered impaired and a charge would be taken against net earnings based on the amount by which the carrying amount exceeds the estimated fair value. Judgments that the Company makes which impact these assessments relate to the expected useful lives of long-lived assets and its ability to realize any undiscounted cash flows in excess of the carrying amounts of such assets, and are affected primarily by changes in the expected use of the assets, changes in technology or development of alternative assets, changes in economic conditions, changes in operating performance and changes in expected future cash flows. Since judgment is involved in determining the fair value of long-lived assets, there is risk that the carrying value of our long-lived assets may require adjustment in future periods.  Historical results to date have generally approximated expected cash flows for the identifiable cash flow generating level.  The Company believes that there have been no events or circumstances which would more likely than not reduce the fair value of its indefinite-lived and amortizing intangible assets. 

Page 15 

A summary of intangible assets follows: 

Amortization expense for these intangible assets is currently estimated to be approximately   $7.8 million   in total for the remainder of 2016,   $29.8 million   in 2017,   $27.0 million   in 2018,   $24.3 million   in 2019,   $21.2 million   in 2020 and   $164.4 million   in 2021 and thereafter. 
   
  Note 7 - Accrued Liabilities 
  Accrued liabilities consist of:    

The Company accrues warranty liabilities when it is probable that an asset has been impaired or a liability has been incurred and the amount of the loss can be reasonably estimated. Warranty provision is included in Cost of Sales in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations.  
  A summary of the warranty liabilities is as follows: 

Note 8 - Commitments and Contingencies 
  Asbestos Liability 
  Information Regarding Claims and Costs in the Tort System 
  As of   September 30, 2016  , the Company was a defendant in cases filed in numerous state and federal courts alleging injury or death as a result of exposure to asbestos. Activity related to asbestos claims during the periods indicated was as follows: 

Page 16 

Of the   36,450   pending claims as of   September 30, 2016  , approximately   18,300   claims were pending in New York, approximately   1,500   claims were pending in Texas, approximately   4,800   claims were pending in Mississippi, and approximately   200   claims were pending in Ohio, all jurisdictions in which legislation or judicial orders restrict the types of claims that can proceed to trial on the merits. 
  The Company has tried several cases resulting in defense verdicts by the jury or directed verdicts for the defense by the court. The Company further has pursued appeals of certain adverse jury verdicts that have resulted in reversals in favor of the defense. 
  On March 23, 2010, a Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, state court jury found the Company responsible for a 1/11th share of a   $14.5 million   verdict in the   James Nelson   claim, and for a   1/20th   share of a   $3.5 million   verdict in the   Larry Bell   claim. On February 23, 2011, the court entered judgment on the verdicts in the amount of   $0.2 million   against the Company, only, in   Bell,   and in the amount of   $4.0 million  , jointly, against the Company and two other defendants in   Nelson,   with additional interest in the amount of   $0.01 million   being assessed against the Company, only, in   Nelson.    All defendants, including the Company, and the plaintiffs took timely appeals of certain aspects of those judgments. The Company resolved the   Bell   appeal by settlement, which is reflected in the settled claims for 2012. On September 5, 2013, a panel of the Pennsylvania Superior Court, in a 2-1 decision, vacated the   Nelson   verdict against all defendants, reversing and remanding for a new trial. Plaintiffs requested a rehearing in the Superior Court and by order dated November 18, 2013, the Superior Court vacated the panel opinion, and granted en banc reargument. On December 23, 2014, the Superior Court issued a second opinion reversing the jury verdict. Plaintiffs sought leave to appeal to the Pennsylvania Supreme Court, which defendants have opposed. By order dated May 20, 2015, the Supreme Court of Pennsylvania is holding, but not acting on, the plaintiffs  petition pending the outcome of another appeal in which the Company is not a party.  
  On August 17, 2011, a New York City state court jury found the Company responsible for a   99%   share of a   $32 million   verdict on the   Ronald Dummitt   claim. The Company filed post-trial motions seeking to overturn the verdict, to grant a new trial, or to reduce the damages, which the Company argued were excessive under New York appellate case law governing awards for non-economic losses. The Court held oral argument on these motions on October 18, 2011 and issued a written decision on August 21, 2012 confirming the jury s liability findings but reducing the award of damages to   $8 million  . At plaintiffs  request, the Court entered a judgment in the amount of   $4.9 million   against the Company, taking into account settlement offsets and accrued interest under New York law. The Company appealed, and the judgment was affirmed in a 3-2 decision and order dated July 3, 2014. The Company appealed to the New York Court of Appeals. The court heard oral arguments on May 3, 2016 and affirmed the judgment in a decision dated June 28, 2016.  The judgment, with interest, in the amount of   $6.6 million   was paid in the third quarter 2016. 
  On October 23, 2012, the Company received an adverse verdict in the   Gerald Suttner   claim in Buffalo, New York. The jury found that the Company was responsible for four percent (  4%  ) of plaintiffs  damages of   $3 million  . The Company filed post-trial motions requesting judgment in the Company s favor notwithstanding the jury s verdict, which were denied. The court entered a judgment of   $0.1 million   against the Company. The Company appealed, and the judgment was affirmed by order dated March 21, 2014. The Company sought reargument of this decision, which was denied. The Company sought review before the New York Court of Appeals, which was accepted in the fourth quarter of 2014. The court heard oral arguments on May 3, 2016 and affirmed the judgment in a decision dated June 28, 2016.  The judgment, with interest, in the amount of   $0.2 million   was paid in the third quarter 2016. 
  On November 28, 2012, the Company received an adverse verdict in the   James Hellam   claim in Oakland, CA. The jury found that the Company was responsible for seven percent (  7%  ) of plaintiffs  non-economic damages of   $4.5 million  , plus a portion of their economic damages of   $0.9 million  . Based on California court rules regarding allocation of damages, judgment was entered against the Company in the amount of   $1.282 million  . The Company filed post-trial motions requesting judgment in the Company s favor notwithstanding the jury s verdict and also requesting that settlement offsets be applied to reduce the judgment in accordance with California law. On January 31, 2013, the court entered an order disposing partially of that motion. On March 1, 2013, the Company filed an appeal regarding the portions of the motion that were denied. The court entered  
  
   Page 17 

judgment against the Company in the amount of   $1.1 million  . The Company appealed. By opinion dated April 16, 2014, the Court of Appeal affirmed the finding of liability against the Company, and the California Supreme Court denied review of this ruling. The Court of Appeal reserved the arguments relating to recoverable damages to a subsequent appeal that remains pending. On August 21, 2015, the Court of Appeal reversed the trial court with respect to a   $20,000   damages item, but affirmed the trial court in all other respects. The Company sought review of that ruling before the Supreme Court of California, which was denied.  The Company settled the matter in December 2015.  The settlement is reflected in the fourth quarter 2015 indemnity amount. 
  On February 25, 2013, a Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, state court jury found the Company responsible for a 1/10th share of a   $2.5 million   verdict in the   Thomas Amato   claim and a   1/5th share   of a   $2.3 million   verdict in the   Frank Vinciguerra   claim, which were consolidated for trial. The Company filed post-trial motions requesting judgments in the Company s favor notwithstanding the jury s verdicts or new trials, and also requesting that settlement offsets be applied to reduce the judgment in accordance with Pennsylvania law. These motions were denied. The Company appealed, and on April 17, 2015, a panel of the Superior Court of Pennsylvania affirmed the trial court s ruling. The Supreme Court of Pennsylvania accepted the Company s petition for review and heard oral arguments on September 13, 2016. 
  On March 1, 2013, a New York City state court jury entered a   $35 million   verdict against the Company in the   Ivo Peraica   claim. The Company filed post-trial motions seeking to overturn the verdict, to grant a new trial, or to reduce the damages, which the Company argues were excessive under New York appellate case law governing awards for non-economic losses and further were subject to settlement offsets. After the trial court remitted the verdict to   $18 million  , but otherwise denied the Company s post-trial motion, judgment was entered against the Company in the amount of   $10.6 million   (including interest). The Company appealed. The Company took a separate appeal of the trial court s denial of its summary judgment motion. The Court consolidated the appeals, which were heard in the fourth quarter of 2014. In July 2016, the Company supplemented its briefing based on the New York Court of Appeals   Dummitt/Suttner   decision. On October 6, 2016, a panel of the Appellate Division, First Department, affirmed the rulings of the trial court on liability issues but further reduced the damages award to   $4.25 million  , which after settlement offsets is calculated to be   $1.94 million  .  Plaintiff has the option of accepting the reduced amount or having a new trial on damages.  The Company is considering its further appellate options.     
  On July 31, 2013, a Buffalo, New York state court jury entered a   $3.1 million   verdict against the Company in the   Lee Holdsworth   claim. The Company filed post-trial motions seeking to overturn the verdict, to grant a new trial, or to reduce the damages, which the Company argues were excessive under New York appellate case law governing awards for non-economic losses and further were subject to settlement offsets. Post-trial motions were denied, and the court entered judgment in the amount of   $1.7 million  . On June 12, 2015, the Appellate Division, Fourth Department, affirmed the trial court s ruling denying the Company s motion for summary judgment. The court denied reargument of that ruling. The Company pursued a further appeal of the trial court rulings and judgment, which was argued on May 16, 2016.   On July 8, 2016, the Court vacated the judgment and granted the Company a new trial on the issue of whether the Company is subject to joint-and-several liability under New York law.  Plaintiff filed a motion to enter judgment in the trial court in the amount allegedly unaffected by the appellate ruling, approximately   $1.0 million  , and the Company opposed the motion.  
  On September 11, 2013, a Columbia, South Carolina state court jury in the   Lloyd Garvin   claim entered an   $11 million   verdict for compensatory damages against the Company and two other defendants jointly, and also awarded exemplary damages against the Company in the amount of   $11 million  . The jury also awarded exemplary damages against both other defendants. The Company filed post-trial motions seeking to overturn the verdict, which were denied, except that the Court remitted the compensatory damages award to   $2.5 million   and exemplary damages award to   $3.5 million  . Considering settlement offsets, the Court further reduced the total damages award to   $3.5 million  . The Company settled the matter. The settlement is reflected in the first quarter 2015 indemnity amount. 
  On September 17, 2013, a Fort Lauderdale, Florida state court jury in the   Richard DeLisle   claim found the Company responsible for   16 percent   of an   $8 million   verdict. The trial court denied all parties  post-trial motions, and entered judgment against the Company in the amount of   $1.3 million  . The Company has appealed.  Oral argument on the appeal took place on February 16, 2016.  On September 14, 2016 a panel of the Florida Court of Appeals reversed and entered judgment in favor of the Company. Plaintiff filed a motion for rehearing and/or certification of an appeal to the Florida Supreme Court, and the Company opposed the motion. 
  On June 16, 2014, a New York City state court jury entered a   $15 million   verdict against the Company in the   Ivan Sweberg   claim and a   $10 million   verdict against the Company in the   Selwyn Hackshaw   claim. The two claims were consolidated for trial. The Company filed post-trial motions seeking to overturn the verdicts, to grant new trials, or to reduce the damages, which were denied, except that the Court reduced the   Sweberg   award to   $10 million  , and reduced the   Hackshaw   award to   $6 million  . Judgments have been entered in the amount of   $5.3 million   in   Sweberg   and   $3.1 million   in   Hackshaw  . The Company  
  
   Page 18 

appealed.  Oral argument on   Sweberg   took place on February 16, 2016, and oral argument on   Hackshaw   took place on March 9, 2016.  On October 6, 2016, two panels of the Appellate Division, First Department, affirmed the rulings of the trial court on liability issues but further reduced the   Sweberg   damages award to   $9.5 million   and further reduced the   Hackshaw   damages award to   $3 million  , which after settlement offsets are calculated to be   $4.73 million   in   Sweberg   and   $0   in   Hackshaw  .  Plaintiffs have the option of accepting the reduced awards or having new trials on damages.  The Company is considering its further appellate options in   Sweberg  .      
  On July 2, 2015, a St. Louis, Missouri state court jury in the   James Poage   claim entered a   $1.5 million   verdict for compensatory damages against the Company. The jury also awarded exemplary damages against the Company in the amount of   $10 million  . The Company filed a motion seeking to reduce the verdict to account for the verdict set-offs. That motion was denied, and judgment was entered against the Company in the amount of   $10.8 million  . The Company is pursuing an appeal. 
  On February 9, 2016, a Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, federal court jury found the Company responsible for a   30 percent   share of a   $1.085 million   verdict in the   Valent Rabovsky   claim. The court ordered briefing on the amount of the judgment.   The Company argued, among other things, that settlement offsets reduce the award to plaintiff under Pennsylvania law.  A further hearing was held April 26, 2016, after which the court denied the Company s request and entered judgment in the amount of   $0.4 million  .  The Company filed post-trial motions, which were denied in two decisions issued on August 26, 2016 and September 28, 2016.  The Company is pursuing an appeal to the Third Circuit Court of Appeals. 
  On April 22, 2016, a Phoenix, Arizona federal court jury found the Company responsible for a   20 percent   share of a   $9 million   verdict in the   George Coulbourn   claim, and further awarded exemplary damages against the Company in the amount of   $5 million  .  The jury also awarded compensatory and exemplary damages against the other defendant present at trial.  The court entered judgment against the Company in the amount of   $6.8 million  .  The Company filed post-trial motions, which were denied on September 20, 2016.  The Company is pursuing an appeal to the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals. 
  Such judgment amounts are not included in the Company s incurred costs until all available appeals are exhausted and the final payment amount is determined. 
  The gross settlement and defense costs incurred (before insurance recoveries and tax effects) for the Company for the   nine-month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015   totaled   $57.5 million   and   $52.5 million  , respectively. In contrast to the recognition of settlement and defense costs, which reflect the current level of activity in the tort system, cash payments and receipts generally lag the tort system activity by several months or more, and may show some fluctuation from quarter to quarter. Cash payments of settlement amounts are not made until all releases and other required documentation are received by the Company, and reimbursements of both settlement amounts and defense costs by insurers may be uneven due to insurer payment practices, transitions from one insurance layer to the next excess layer and the payment terms of certain reimbursement agreements. The Company s total pre-tax payments for settlement and defense costs, net of funds received from insurers, for the   nine-month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015   totaled   $41.5 million   and   $36.2 million  , respectively. Detailed below are the comparable amounts for the periods indicated. 

(1) 
    Before insurance recoveries and tax effects. 
     The amounts shown for settlement and defense costs incurred, and cash payments, are not necessarily indicative of future period amounts, which may be higher or lower than those reported. 
  Cumulatively through   September 30, 2016  , the Company has resolved (by settlement or dismissal) approximately   123,000   claims. The related settlement cost incurred by the Company and its insurance carriers is approximately   $471 million  , for an  
  
   Page 19 

average settlement cost per resolved claim of approximately   $3,800  . The average settlement cost per claim resolved during the years ended   December 31, 2015  ,   2014   and   2013   was   $3,100  ,   $3,800   and   $3,300  , respectively. Because claims are sometimes dismissed in large groups, the average cost per resolved claim, as well as the number of open claims, can fluctuate significantly from period to period. In addition to large group dismissals, the nature of the disease and corresponding settlement amounts for each claim resolved will also drive changes from period to period in the average settlement cost per claim. Accordingly, the average cost per resolved claim is not considered in the Company s periodic review of its estimated asbestos liability. For a discussion regarding the four most significant factors affecting the liability estimate, see  Effects on the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements . 
  Effects on the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
  The Company has retained the firm of Hamilton, Rabinovitz   Associates, Inc. ( HR A ), a nationally recognized expert in the field, to assist management in estimating the Company s asbestos liability in the tort system. HR A reviews information provided by the Company concerning claims filed, settled and dismissed, amounts paid in settlements and relevant claim information such as the nature of the asbestos-related disease asserted by the claimant, the jurisdiction where filed and the time lag from filing to disposition of the claim. The methodology used by HR A to project future asbestos costs is based largely on the Company s experience during a base reference period of eleven quarterly periods (consisting of the   two   full preceding calendar years and   three   additional quarterly periods to the estimate date) for claims filed, settled and dismissed. The Company s experience is then compared to estimates of the number of individuals likely to develop asbestos-related diseases determined based on widely used previously conducted epidemiological studies augmented with current data inputs.  Those studies were undertaken in connection with national analyses of the population of workers believed to have been exposed to asbestos.  Using that information, HR A estimates the number of future claims that would be filed against the Company and estimates the aggregate settlement or indemnity costs that would be incurred to resolve both pending and future claims based upon the average settlement costs by disease during the reference period. This methodology has been accepted by numerous courts. After discussions with the Company, HR A augments its liability estimate for the costs of defending asbestos claims in the tort system using a forecast from the Company which is based upon discussions with its defense counsel. Based on this information, HR A compiles an estimate of the Company s asbestos liability for pending and future claims, based on claim experience during the reference period and covering claims expected to be filed through the indicated forecast period. The most significant factors affecting the liability estimate are (1) the number of new mesothelioma claims filed against the Company, (2) the average settlement costs for mesothelioma claims, (3) the percentage of mesothelioma claims dismissed against the Company and (4) the aggregate defense costs incurred by the Company. These factors are interdependent, and no one factor predominates in determining the liability estimate. Although the methodology used by HR A can be applied to show claims and costs for periods subsequent to the indicated period (up to and including the endpoint of the asbestos studies referred to above), management believes that the level of uncertainty regarding the various factors used in estimating future asbestos costs is too great to provide for reasonable estimation of the number of future claims, the nature of such claims or the cost to resolve them for years beyond the indicated estimate. 
  In the Company s view, the forecast period used to provide the best estimate for asbestos claims and related liabilities and costs is a judgment based upon a number of trend factors, including the number and type of claims being filed each year; the jurisdictions where such claims are filed, and the effect of any legislation or judicial orders in such jurisdictions restricting the types of claims that can proceed to trial on the merits; and the likelihood of any comprehensive asbestos legislation at the federal level. In addition, the dynamics of asbestos litigation in the tort system have been significantly affected over the past five to ten years by the substantial number of companies that have filed for bankruptcy protection, thereby staying any asbestos claims against them until the conclusion of such proceedings, and the establishment of a number of post-bankruptcy trusts for asbestos claimants, which are estimated to provide   $36 billion   for payments to current and future claimants. These trend factors have both positive and negative effects on the dynamics of asbestos litigation in the tort system and the related best estimate of the Company s asbestos liability, and these effects do not move in a linear fashion but rather change over multi-year periods. Accordingly, the Company s management continues to monitor these trend factors over time and periodically assesses whether an alternative forecast period is appropriate. 
  Each quarter, HR A compiles an update based upon the Company s experience in claims filed, settled and dismissed during the updated reference period (consisting of the preceding eleven quarterly periods) as well as average settlement costs by disease category (mesothelioma, lung cancer, other cancer, and non-malignant conditions including asbestosis) during that period. In addition to this claims experience, the Company also considers additional quantitative and qualitative factors such as the nature of the aging of pending claims, significant appellate rulings and legislative developments, and their respective effects on expected future settlement values. As part of this process, the Company also takes into account trends in the tort system such as those enumerated above. Management considers all these factors in conjunction with the liability estimate of HR A and determines whether a change in the estimate is warranted. 
  
   Page 20 

Liability Estimate.   With the assistance of HR A, effective as of December 31, 2011, the Company updated and extended its estimate of the asbestos liability, including the costs of settlement or indemnity payments and defense costs relating to currently pending claims and future claims projected to be filed against the Company through 2021. The Company s previous estimate was for asbestos claims filed or projected to be filed through 2017. As a result of this updated estimate, the Company recorded an additional liability of   $285 million   as of December 31, 2011. The Company s decision to take this action at such date was based on several factors which contribute to the Company s ability to reasonably estimate this liability for the additional period noted. First, the number of mesothelioma claims (which although constituting approximately   8%   of the Company s total pending asbestos claims, have accounted for approximately   90%   of the Company s aggregate settlement and defense costs) being filed against the Company and associated settlement costs have recently stabilized. In the Company s opinion, the outlook for mesothelioma claims expected to be filed and resolved in the forecast period is reasonably stable. Second, there have been favorable developments in the trend of case law which has been a contributing factor in stabilizing the asbestos claims activity and related settlement costs. Third, there have been significant actions taken by certain state legislatures and courts over the past several years that have reduced the number and types of claims that can proceed to trial, which has been a significant factor in stabilizing the asbestos claims activity. Fourth, the Company has now entered into coverage-in-place agreements with almost all of its excess insurers, which enables the Company to project a more stable relationship between settlement and defense costs paid by the Company and reimbursements from its insurers. Taking all of these factors into account, the Company believes that it can reasonably estimate the asbestos liability for pending claims and future claims to be filed through 2021. While it is probable that the Company will incur additional charges for asbestos liabilities and defense costs in excess of the amounts currently provided, the Company does not believe that any such amount can be reasonably estimated beyond 2021. Accordingly, no accrual has been recorded for any costs which may be incurred for claims which may be made subsequent to 2021. 
  Management has made its best estimate of the costs through 2021 based on the analysis by HR A completed in January 2012. Through   September 30, 2016  , the Company s actual experience during the updated reference period for mesothelioma claims filed and dismissed generally approximated the assumptions in the Company s liability estimate. In addition to this claims experience, the Company considered additional quantitative and qualitative factors such as the nature of the aging of pending claims, significant appellate rulings and legislative developments, and their respective effects on expected future settlement values. Based on this evaluation, the Company determined that no change in the estimate was warranted for the period ended   September 30, 2016  .  Nevertheless, if certain factors show a pattern of sustained increase or decrease, the liability could change materially; however, all the assumptions used in estimating the asbestos liability are interdependent and no single factor predominates in determining the liability estimate.  As noted above, the Company continues to monitor trend factors, such as the number and type of claims being filed each year, case management orders and legislation restricting the types of claims that can proceed to trial, significant appellate rulings and developments affecting the post-bankruptcy trusts for asbestos claimants to assess whether the existing forecast period is appropriate.  Because of the uncertainty with regard to and the interdependency of such factors used in the calculation of its asbestos liability, and since no one factor predominates, the Company believes that a range of potential liability estimates beyond the indicated forecast period cannot be reasonably estimated.   
  A liability of   $894 million   was recorded as of December 31, 2011 to cover the estimated cost of asbestos claims now pending or subsequently asserted through 2021, of which approximately   80%   is attributable to settlement and defense costs for future claims projected to be filed through 2021. The liability is reduced when cash payments are made in respect of settled claims and defense costs. The liability was   $487 million   as of   September 30, 2016  . It is not possible to forecast when cash payments related to the asbestos liability will be fully expended; however, it is expected such cash payments will continue for a number of years past 2021, due to the significant proportion of future claims included in the estimated asbestos liability and the lag time between the date a claim is filed and when it is resolved. None of these estimated costs have been discounted to present value due to the inability to reliably forecast the timing of payments. The current portion of the total estimated liability at   September 30, 2016   was   $75 million   and represents the Company s best estimate of total asbestos costs expected to be paid during the twelve-month period. Such amount is based upon the HR A model together with the Company s prior year payment experience for both settlement and defense costs. 
  Insurance Coverage and Receivables.   Prior to 2005, a significant portion of the Company s settlement and defense costs were paid by its primary insurers. With the exhaustion of that primary coverage, the Company began negotiations with its excess insurers to reimburse the Company for a portion of its settlement and/or defense costs as incurred. To date, the Company has entered into agreements providing for such reimbursements, known as  coverage-in-place , with   eleven   of its excess insurer groups. Under such coverage-in-place agreements, an insurer s policies remain in force and the insurer undertakes to provide coverage for the Company s present and future asbestos claims on specified terms and conditions that address, among other things, the share of asbestos claims costs to be paid by the insurer, payment terms, claims handling procedures and the expiration of the insurer s obligations. Similarly, under a variant of coverage-in-place, the Company has entered into an agreement with a group of insurers confirming the aggregate amount of available coverage under the subject policies and setting forth a schedule for future reimbursement payments to the Company based on aggregate indemnity and defense  
  
   Page 21 

payments made. In addition, with   ten   of its excess insurer groups, the Company entered into policy buyout agreements, settling all asbestos and other coverage obligations for an agreed sum, totaling   $82.5 million   in aggregate. Reimbursements from insurers for past and ongoing settlement and defense costs allocable to their policies have been made in accordance with these coverage-in-place and other agreements. All of these agreements include provisions for mutual releases, indemnification of the insurer and, for coverage-in-place, claims handling procedures. With the agreements referenced above, the Company has concluded settlements with all but one of its solvent excess insurers whose policies are expected to respond to the aggregate costs included in the updated liability estimate. That insurer, which issued a single applicable policy, has been paying the shares of defense and indemnity costs the Company has allocated to it, subject to a reservation of rights. There are no pending legal proceedings between the Company and any insurer contesting the Company s asbestos claims under its insurance policies. 
  In conjunction with developing the aggregate liability estimate referenced above, the Company also developed an estimate of probable insurance recoveries for its asbestos liabilities. In developing this estimate, the Company considered its coverage-in-place and other settlement agreements described above, as well as a number of additional factors. These additional factors include the financial viability of the insurance companies, the method by which losses will be allocated to the various insurance policies and the years covered by those policies, how settlement and defense costs will be covered by the insurance policies and interpretation of the effect on coverage of various policy terms and limits and their interrelationships. In addition, the timing and amount of reimbursements will vary because the Company s insurance coverage for asbestos claims involves multiple insurers, with different policy terms and certain gaps in coverage. In addition to consulting with legal counsel on these insurance matters, the Company retained insurance consultants to assist management in the estimation of probable insurance recoveries based upon the aggregate liability estimate described above and assuming the continued viability of all solvent insurance carriers. Based upon the analysis of policy terms and other factors noted above by the Company s legal counsel, and incorporating risk mitigation judgments by the Company where policy terms or other factors were not certain, the Company s insurance consultants compiled a model indicating how the Company s historical insurance policies would respond to varying levels of asbestos settlement and defense costs and the allocation of such costs between such insurers and the Company. Using the estimated liability as of December 31, 2011 (for claims filed or expected to be filed through 2021), the insurance consultant s model forecasted that approximately   25%   of the liability would be reimbursed by the Company s insurers. While there are overall limits on the aggregate amount of insurance available to the Company with respect to asbestos claims, those overall limits were not reached by the total estimated liability currently recorded by the Company, and such overall limits did not influence the Company in its determination of the asset amount to record. The proportion of the asbestos liability that is allocated to certain insurance coverage years, however, exceeds the limits of available insurance in those years. The Company allocates to itself the amount of the asbestos liability (for claims filed or expected to be filed through 2021) that is in excess of available insurance coverage allocated to such years. An asset of   $225 million   was recorded as of December 31, 2011 representing the probable insurance reimbursement for such claims expected through 2021. The asset is reduced as reimbursements and other payments from insurers are received. The asset was   $112 million   as of   September 30, 2016  . 
  The Company reviews the aforementioned estimated reimbursement rate with its insurance consultants on a periodic basis in order to confirm its overall consistency with the Company s established reserves. The reviews encompass consideration of the performance of the insurers under coverage-in-place agreements and the effect of any additional lump-sum payments under policy buyout agreements. Since December 2011, there have been no developments that have caused the Company to change the estimated   25%   rate, although actual insurance reimbursements vary from period to period, and will decline over time, for the reasons cited above. 
  Uncertainties.   Estimation of the Company s ultimate exposure for asbestos-related claims is subject to significant uncertainties, as there are multiple variables that can affect the timing, severity and quantity of claims and the manner of their resolution. The Company cautions that its estimated liability is based on assumptions with respect to future claims, settlement and defense costs based on past experience that may not prove reliable as predictors. A significant upward or downward trend in the number of claims filed, depending on the nature of the alleged injury, the jurisdiction where filed and the quality of the product identification, or a significant upward or downward trend in the costs of defending claims, could change the estimated liability, as would substantial adverse verdicts at trial that withstand appeal. A legislative solution, structured settlement transaction, or significant change in relevant case law could also change the estimated liability. 
  The same factors that affect developing estimates of probable settlement and defense costs for asbestos-related liabilities also affect estimates of the probable insurance reimbursements, as do a number of additional factors. These additional factors include the financial viability of the insurance companies, the method by which losses will be allocated to the various insurance policies and the years covered by those policies, how settlement and defense costs will be covered by the insurance policies and interpretation of the effect on coverage of various policy terms and limits and their interrelationships. In addition, due to the uncertainties inherent in litigation matters, no assurances can be given regarding the outcome of any litigation, if necessary, to enforce the Company s rights under its insurance policies or settlement agreements. 
  
   Page 22 

Many uncertainties exist surrounding asbestos litigation, and the Company will continue to evaluate its estimated asbestos-related liability and corresponding estimated insurance reimbursement as well as the underlying assumptions and process used to derive these amounts. These uncertainties may result in the Company incurring future charges or increases to income to adjust the carrying value of recorded liabilities and assets, particularly if the number of claims and settlement and defense costs change significantly, or if there are significant developments in the trend of case law or court procedures, or if legislation or another alternative solution is implemented; however, the Company is currently unable to estimate such future changes and, accordingly, while it is probable that the Company will incur additional charges for asbestos liabilities and defense costs in excess of the amounts currently provided, the Company does not believe that any such amount can be reasonably determined beyond 2021. Although the resolution of these claims may take many years, the effect on the results of operations, financial position and cash flow in any given period from a revision to these estimates could be material. 
  
   Page 23 

Other Contingencies 
  Environmental Matters 
    
  For environmental matters, the Company records a liability for estimated remediation costs when it is probable that the Company will be responsible for such costs and they can be reasonably estimated. Generally, third party specialists assist in the estimation of remediation costs. The environmental remediation liability as of   September 30, 2016   is substantially related to the former manufacturing sites in Goodyear, Arizona (the  Goodyear Site ) and Roseland, New Jersey (the  Roseland Site ), each discussed below. 
  Goodyear Site 
  The Goodyear Site was operated by UniDynamics/Phoenix, Inc. ( UPI ), which became an indirect subsidiary of the Company in 1985 when the Company acquired UPI s parent company, UniDynamics Corporation. UPI manufactured explosive and pyrotechnic compounds, including components for critical military programs, for the U.S. government at the Goodyear Site from 1962 to 1993, under contracts with the Department of Defense and other government agencies and certain of their prime contractors. In 1990, the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency ( EPA ) issued administrative orders requiring UPI to design and carry out certain remedial actions, which UPI has done. Groundwater extraction and treatment systems have been in operation at the Goodyear Site since 1994. On July 26, 2006, the Company entered into a consent decree with the EPA with respect to the Goodyear Site providing for, among other things, a work plan for further investigation and remediation activities (inclusive of a supplemental remediation investigation and feasibility study).  During the third quarter of 2014, the EPA issued a Record of Decision amendment requiring, among other things, additional source area remediation resulting in the Company recording a charge of   $49.0 million  , extending the accrued costs through 2022.  The total estimated gross liability was   $52.3 million   as of September 30, 2016, and as described below, a portion is reimbursable by the U.S. Government. The current portion of the total estimated liability was approximately   $16.0 million   and represents the Company s best estimate, in consultation with its technical advisors, of total remediation costs expected to be paid during the twelve-month period. 
    
  It is not possible at this point to reasonably estimate the amount of any obligation in excess of the Company s current accruals through the 2022 forecast period because of the aforementioned uncertainties, in particular, the continued significant changes in the Goodyear Site conditions and additional expectations of remediation activities experienced in recent years. 
    
  On July 31, 2006, the Company entered into a consent decree with the U.S. Department of Justice on behalf of the Department of Defense and the Department of Energy pursuant to which, among other things, the U.S. Government reimburses the Company for   21%   of qualifying costs of investigation and remediation activities at the Goodyear Site. As of September 30, 2016, the Company has recorded a receivable of   $10.6 million   for the expected reimbursements from the U.S. Government in respect of the aggregate liability as at that date. The receivable is reduced as reimbursements and other payments from the U.S. Government are received. 
  Roseland Site 
  The Roseland Site was operated by Resistoflex Corporation  ( Resistoflex ), which became an indirect subsidiary of the Company in 1985 when the Company acquired Resistoflex s parent company, UniDynamics Corporation. Resistoflex manufactured specialty lined pipe and fittings at the site from the 1950s until it was closed in the mid-1980s.  In 2009, at the request of the New Jersey Department of Environmental Protection ( NJDEP ), the Company performed certain tests of the indoor air quality of approximately   40   homes in a residential area surrounding the Roseland Site to determine if any contaminants (volatile organic compound vapors from groundwater) from the Roseland Site were present in those homes. The test results showed that three homes had volatile organic compound vapors above NJDEP s recommended concentration levels, and the Company installed vapor mitigation equipment in those homes. On April 15, 2011, those   three   homeowners filed separate suits against the Company seeking unspecified compensatory and punitive damages for their lost property value and nuisance. In addition, a homeowner in the testing area, whose home tested negative for the presence of contaminants, filed a class action suit against the Company on behalf of himself and 138 other homeowners in the surrounding area, claiming damages in the nature of loss of value on their homes due to their proximity to the Roseland Site.  In late December 2013, the plaintiffs moved to have a class of   139   homeowners certified, and the motion was granted in early February 2014. At the same time the Court also entered partial summary judgment on liability for the three homes where the Company had installed vapor mitigation equipment.      The Company reached an agreement to settle all current claims with the class and individual plaintiffs for a one-time payment of   $6.5 million  .  This agreement was approved by the Court on July 23, 2014 and the Company completed all obligations required of it to complete the settlement on October 10, 2014.  The stipulation of dismissal with prejudice of all claims against the Company was filed on April 6, 2015. 

Page 24 

The Company undertook an extensive soil remediation effort at the Roseland Site following its closure, and had been monitoring the Site s condition in the years that followed.  In response to changes in remediation standards, the Company has conducted further site characterization and delineation studies.  In the three months ended September 30, 2014, the Company, in consultation with its advisors, substantially completed its assessment of soil and groundwater contaminants at the Roseland Site, and developed an enhanced remediation plan for the site, which includes further soil removal, groundwater treatment, and soil vapor extraction, resulting in a charge of   $6.8 million   for remediation activities which are expected to be completed by 2017.  Estimates of the Company s environmental liabilities at the Roseland Site are based on currently available facts, present laws and regulations and current technology available for remediation, and are recorded on an undiscounted basis.  While actual remediation cost may be more or less than amounts accrued, the Company believes it has established adequate reserves for all probable and reasonably estimable costs. 
    
  Other Environmental Matters 
  The Company has been identified as a potentially responsible party ( PRP ) with respect to environmental contamination at the Crab Orchard National Wildlife Refuge Superfund Site (the  Crab Orchard Site ). The Crab Orchard Site is located near Marion, Illinois, and consists of approximately   55,000   acres. Beginning in 1941, the United States used the Crab Orchard Site for the production of ordnance and other related products for use in World War II. In 1947 about half of the Crab Orchard Site was leased to a variety of industrial tenants whose activities (which continue to this day) included manufacturing ordnance and explosives. A predecessor to the Company formerly leased portions of the Crab Orchard Site, and conducted manufacturing operations at the Crab Orchard Site from 1952 until 1964.  General Dynamics Ordnance and Tactical Systems, Inc. ( GD-OTS ) is in the process of conducting a remedial investigation and feasibility study for a portion of the Crab Orchard Site (referred to as the  AUS-OU ), which includes an area where the Company maintained operations, pursuant to an Administrative Order on Consent. Work on interim deliverables for the feasibility study is reportedly underway, including discussions intended to define preliminary remedial goals and potential remedial alternatives.  The feasibility study report is currently projected to be completed in late winter 2017.  It is unclear when a final Record of Decision may be issued. 
    
  GD-OTS has asked the Company to participate in a voluntary cost allocation/mediation exercise with respect to response costs it has incurred or will incur with respect to the AUS-OU.  The Company, along with a number of other PRPs that were contacted, initially declined, but in light of the ongoing investigative activities, and the apparent willingness of the U.S. government to participate in a mediation proceeding, the Company and a number of PRPs have agreed to participate in a non-binding mediation process.  The Company and other PRPs executed a mediation agreement on March 16, 2015, and the U.S. government, following the resolution of an inter-agency dispute, executed the mediation agreement on August 6, 2015.  The participants have selected a mediator, are exchanging relevant information, and have agreed upon a framework for the mediation to address the numerous sub-areas at the Site in a coherent fashion.  The first phase of the mediation, involving former munitions or ordnance storage areas, is presently scheduled to be conducted in May 2017.  The Company at present cannot predict whether this mediation proceeding will result in an agreement, or when any determination of the allocable share of the various PRPs, including the U.S. Government, is likely to be completed. Although a loss is probable, it is not possible at this time to reasonably estimate the amount of any obligation for remediation of the Crab Orchard Site because the extent of the environmental impact, allocation among PRPs, remediation alternatives, and concurrence of regulatory authorities have not yet advanced to the stage where a reasonable estimate can be made. The Company notified its insurers of this potential liability and has obtained coverage, subject to reservations of rights, under certain of its insurance policies. 

Other Proceedings 
  The Company was named as a defendant in a suit filed in June 2015 by a small group of homeowners in Missoula, Montana, whose homes are near the site of a former lumber mill and wood processing facility (the  White Pine Site ) that operated from approximately 1920 to 1996.  The suit alleges that the homeowners  property was damaged by coming into contact with certain hazardous substances that migrated from the White Pine Site. The White Pine Site was owned and operated by a predecessor to Huttig Building Products, Inc. ( Huttig ), which was a subsidiary of the Company from 1968 until Huttig s shares were distributed to the Company s shareholders in 1999. Under the terms of the distribution agreement, Huttig retained the liability for its prior operations. The Company tendered the defense of this matter to Huttig, and Huttig has agreed to defend and indemnify the Company. In a related matter, Huttig filed suit against certain insurers who Huttig claims are obligated to provide insurance coverage for the environmental remediation costs and other damages caused by the operations at the White Pine Site. The Company was brought into that case in October 2015 as a third party defendant by two of the insurers seeking declaratory relief that no coverage obligations are owed to Huttig or the Company with respect to the White Pine Site.  In late 2015, Huttig notified the Company of its intention to pursue an action against the Company for damages related to Huttig s environmental liability at the White Pine Site and the scope of coverage under the Company s historical insurance policies available to Huttig  
  
   Page 25 

for such liability. The Company settled its dispute with Huttig in exchange for a complete release by Huttig of all claims against the Company in connection with the distribution agreement, and a release by Huttig of any and all rights it has or may have had under any of the Company s insurance policies. As a result of this settlement, the Company recorded a   $5 million   net pre-tax charge in the second quarter of 2016.  In addition, Huttig retained all of its indemnity obligations to the Company as set forth in the distribution agreement, including its indemnity obligations relating to the White Pine Site.  
  The Company regularly reviews the status of lawsuits, claims and proceedings that have been or may be asserted against the Company relating to the conduct of its business, including those pertaining to product liability, patent infringement, commercial, employment, employee benefits, environmental and stockholder matters.  The Company records a provision for a liability for such matters when it is considered probable that a liability has been incurred and the amount of the loss can be reasonably estimated. These provisions, if any, are reviewed quarterly and adjusted as additional information becomes available.  If either or both of the criteria are not met, the Company assesses whether there is at least a reasonable possibility that a loss, or additional losses, may have been incurred. If there is a reasonable possibility that a loss or additional loss may have been incurred for such matters, the Company discloses the estimate of the amount of loss or range of loss, discloses that the amount is immaterial, or discloses that an estimate of loss cannot be made, as applicable.  The Company believes that as of   September 30, 2016  , there was no reasonable possibility that a material loss, or any additional material losses, may have been incurred for such matters, and that adequate provision has been made in its financial statements for the potential impact of all such matters. 
  Other Commitments 
  The Company entered into a   five   year operating lease for an airplane in the first quarter of 2014 which included a maximum residual value guarantee of   $7.8 million   by the Company if the fair value of the airplane is less than   $9.5 million   at the end of the lease term.  

Note 9 - Pension Benefits 
    
  The components of net periodic cost are as follows: 

The Company expects, based on current actuarial calculations, to contribute approximately   $8.0 million   to its defined benefit plans, of which   $6.0 million   has been contributed during the   first nine months   of 2016. The Company contributed   $17.0 million   to its defined benefit plans in 2015. Cash contributions for subsequent years will depend on a number of factors, including the impact of the Pension Protection Act signed into law in 2006, changes in minimum funding requirements, long-term interest rates, the investment performance of plan assets and changes in employee census data affecting the Company s projected benefit obligations. 
  
   Page 26 

Note 10 - Income Taxes 
    
  The Company s quarterly provision for income tax is measured using an annual effective tax rate, adjusted for discrete items within the period presented. 
    
  Effective Tax Rates 
    
  The Company s effective tax rates are as follows: 

The Company s effective tax rates for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 vary from the prior year s comparable periods primarily due to: 

a valuation allowance recorded in 2016 against certain deferred tax assets, 
                
    unfavorable return-to-provision adjustments recorded in the current period, 
                
    the inclusion of the U.S. federal research credit, which had expired on December 31, 2014 and was not renewed with retroactive effect until December 2015, 
                
    the amount of income earned in jurisdictions with lower statutory rates, and  
                
    a greater U.S. federal tax benefit on domestic manufacturing activities. 
       
  In addition, the Company s effective tax rate for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 includes a benefit for the resolution of a tax examination during 2016 plus the impact changes in Japanese tax law had on the Company s deferred tax balances in 2016 (favorable) and tax carryforwards in 2015 (unfavorable). 
    
  The Company s effective tax rates for both the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 are lower than the statutory U.S. federal tax rate of   35%   primarily due to the favorable impact of income earned in jurisdictions with tax rates lower than the U.S. statutory rate, the U.S. federal tax benefit for domestic manufacturing activities, the U.S. federal research credit and the resolution of a tax examination.  These items are partially offset by the unfavorable impacts of U.S. state taxes and certain expenses that are statutorily non-deductible for income tax purposes. 
    
  Unrecognized Tax Benefits 
    
  During the three months ended September 30, 2016, the Company s gross unrecognized tax benefits increased by   $0.4 million   primarily due to tax positions taken during the current year, partially offset by tax positions taken during prior periods.  During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, the Company s gross unrecognized tax benefits decreased by   $1.5 million  , primarily due to settlements with taxing authorities and tax positions taken during prior periods, partially offset by tax positions taken in the current period.  
    
  During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, the total amount of unrecognized tax benefits that, if recognized, would affect the Company s effective tax rate increased by   $0.6 million   and  decreased by   $1.3 million  , respectively. 
    
  The Company recognizes interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits as a component of its income tax expense.  During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, the Company recognized   $0.4 million   and   $0.7 million  , respectively, of interest and penalty expense related to unrecognized tax benefits in its Condensed Consolidated Statement of Operations.  At September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the total amount of accrued interest and penalty expense related to unrecognized tax benefits recorded in the Company s Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets was   $6.5 million   and   $5.8 million  , respectively. 
    
  During the next twelve months, it is reasonably possible that the Company s unrecognized tax benefits may decrease by   $4.9 million   due to the expiration of statutes of limitations and settlements with tax authorities.  However, if the ultimate resolution of income tax examinations results in amounts that differ from this estimate, the Company will record additional income tax expense or benefit in the period in which such matters are effectively settled. 

Page 27 

Income Tax Examinations 
    
  The Company s income tax returns are subject to examination by the U.S. federal, U.S. state and local, and non-U.S. tax authorities.   
    
  The IRS has completed its examination of the Company s consolidated federal income tax returns through 2012.  The Company s consolidated federal income tax returns for 2013 through 2015 remain subject to examination. 
    
  The IRS is currently examining an acquired subsidiary s consolidated federal income tax return for 2013.  In addition, tax carry forwards (2006 through 2012) remain subject to IRS examination. 
    
  With few exceptions, the Company is no longer subject to U.S. state and local or non-U.S. income tax examinations for years before 2010.  Currently the Company and its subsidiaries are under examination in various jurisdictions, including Germany (2008 through 2012), Canada (2013 and 2014), and California (2012 and 2013).  During the third quarter, a California audit (2010 and 2011) was completed, resulting in a minimal assessment for which an accrual was previously established.  

Note 11 - Long-Term Debt and Short-Term Borrowings 
  The following table summarizes the Company s debt as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  : 

On March 2, 2015, the Company entered into a commercial paper program (the  CP Program ) pursuant to which it may issue short-term, unsecured commercial paper notes (the  Notes ) pursuant to the exemption from registration contained in Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. Amounts available under the CP Program may be borrowed, repaid and re-borrowed from time to time, with the aggregate principal amount of the Notes outstanding under the CP Program at any time not to exceed   $500 million  . The Notes will have maturities of up to   397   days from date of issue. The Notes will rank at least on equal terms with all of our other unsecured and unsubordinated indebtedness.  The net proceeds of the issuances of the Notes  
  
   Page 28 

were used to repay amounts under our revolving credit facility and for general corporate purposes.  At   September 30, 2016  , the Notes with a principal amount of   $34.0 million   were outstanding.   

Note 12 - Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities 
  The Company is exposed to certain risks related to its ongoing business operations, including market risks related to fluctuation in currency exchange. The Company uses foreign exchange contracts to manage the risk of certain cross-currency business relationships to minimize the impact of currency exchange fluctuations on the Company s earnings and cash flows. The Company does not hold or issue derivative financial instruments for trading or speculative purposes. As of and for the period ended   September 30, 2016  , the foreign exchange contracts designated as hedging instruments did not have a material impact on the Company s condensed consolidated statements of operations, balance sheet or cash flows. Foreign exchange contracts not designated as hedging instruments, which primarily pertain to foreign exchange fluctuation risk of intercompany positions, had a notional value of   $22 million   and   $38 million   as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively. The settlement of derivative contracts for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015 resulted in net cash (outflow) inflow of   $(0.1) million   and   $0.2 million  , respectively, and is reported within other in  Total used for operating activities  on the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows.  As of   September 30, 2016   and December 31, 2015, the Company s receivable position for the foreign exchange contracts was   $0.3 million   and   $0 million  , respectively. As of both   September 30, 2016   and December 31, 2015, the Company s payable position for the foreign exchange contracts was   $0.4 million  . 

Note 13 - Fair Value Measurements 
  Accounting standards define fair value as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. Fair value measurements are to be considered from the perspective of a market participant that holds the asset or owes the liability. The standards also establish a fair value hierarchy which requires an entity to maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs when measuring fair value. 
  The standards describe three levels of inputs that may be used to measure fair value: 
  Level 1  :   Quoted prices in active markets for identical or similar assets and liabilities. 
  Level 2  :   Quoted prices for identical or similar assets and liabilities in markets that are not active or observable inputs other than quoted prices in active markets for identical or similar assets and liabilities. Level 2 assets and liabilities include over-the-counter derivatives, principally forward foreign exchange contracts, whose value is determined using pricing models with inputs that are generally based on published foreign exchange rates and exchange traded prices, adjusted for other specific inputs that are primarily observable in the market or can be derived principally from or corroborated by observable market data. 
  Level 3  :   Unobservable inputs that are supported by little or no market activity and that are significant to the fair value of the assets or liabilities. 
    
  The following table summarizes assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis at the dates indicated: 

September 30, 2016 
      
    December 31, 2015 
        
    Quoted 
  Prices in 
  Active 
  Markets for 
  Identical 
  Assets 
      
    Significant 
  Other 
  Observable 
  Inputs 
      
    Significant 
  Unobservable 
  Inputs 

Quoted 
  Prices in 
  Active 
  Markets for 
  Identical 
  Assets 
      
    Significant 
  Other 
  Observable 
  Inputs 
      
    Significant 
  Unobservable 
  Inputs 

(in millions) 
    Level 1 
      
    Level 2 
      
    Level 3 
      
    Total Fair 
  Value 
      
    Level 1 
      
    Level 2 
      
    Level 3 
      
    Total Fair 
  Value 
      Assets: 

Derivatives - foreign exchange contracts 
    $ 

$ 
    0.3 

$ 

$ 
    0.3 

$ 

$ 

$ 

$ 

Liabilities: 

Derivatives - foreign exchange contracts 
    $ 

$ 
    0.4 

$ 

$ 
    0.4 

$ 

$ 
    0.4 

$ 

$ 
    0.4 

Page 29 

Valuation Technique     -   The Company s derivative assets and liabilities include foreign exchange contract derivatives that are measured at fair value using internal models based on observable market inputs such as forward rates and interest rates. Based on these inputs, the derivatives are classified within Level 2 of the valuation hierarchy. 
  The carrying value of the Company s financial assets and liabilities, including cash and cash equivalents, accounts receivable, accounts payable and short-term loans payable approximate fair value, without being discounted, due to the short periods during which these amounts are outstanding. Long-term debt rates currently available to the Company for debt with similar terms and remaining maturities are used to estimate the fair value for debt issues that are not quoted on an exchange. The estimated fair value of long-term debt is measured using Level 2 inputs and was   $826.1 million   and   $791.1 million   at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively. 
  
   Page 30 

Note 14 - Restructuring 
  The following table summarizes the restructuring (gains) costs associated with repositioning and acquisition-related actions noted below:   

  2015 Repositioning Actions 
  The Company initiated incremental restructuring activities and recorded pre-tax restructuring charges of   $8.6 million   in 2015.  These actions resulted in workforce reductions of approximately   125   employees, or about   1%  , of the Company s global workforce.  
  The following table summarizes the restructuring charges by cost type and segment:  

The following table summarizes the accrual balances related to these cash-related restructuring charges:  

The Company does not expect any further significant costs associated with these actions. 
  
   Page 31 

Acquisition-Related Restructuring  
  The Company recorded total pre-tax restructuring charges of   $9.3 million   (a gain of   $0.4 million   in the first nine months of  2016, a gain of   $0.6 million   in 2015 and a charge of   $10.3 million   in 2014)  related to the December 2013 acquisition of MEI within the Company s Payment   Merchandising Technologies segment.  These actions resulted in workforce reductions of approximately   240   employees, or less than   2%   of the Company s global workforce.   
    
  The following table summarizes the restructuring charges by cost type and segment:  

The following table summarizes the accrual balances related to these cash-related restructuring charges:  

The Company does not expect any further significant costs associated with these actions. 

Page 32 

Part I   Financial Information 
  Item 2.   Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
  This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q contains information about Crane Co., some of which includes  forward-looking statements  within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements are statements other than historical information or statements about our current condition. You can identify forward-looking statements by the use of terms such as  believes,   contemplates,   expects,   may,   could,   should,   would,  or  anticipates,  other similar phrases, or the negatives of these terms. 
  Reference herein to  Crane ,  the Company ,  we ,  us , and,  our  refer to Crane Co. and its subsidiaries unless the context specifically states or implies otherwise. References to  core business  or  core sales  in this report include sales from acquired businesses starting from and after the first anniversary of the acquisition, but exclude currency effects. Amounts in the following discussion are presented in millions, except employee, share and per share data, or unless otherwise stated. 
  We have based the forward-looking statements relating to our operations on our current expectations, estimates and projections about us and the markets we serve. We caution you that these statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve risks and uncertainties. In addition, we have based many of these forward-looking statements on assumptions about future events that may prove to be inaccurate. There are a number of other factors that could cause actual results or outcomes to differ materially from those addressed in the forward-looking statements. The factors that we currently believe to be material are detailed in Part II, Item 1A of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and are incorporated by reference herein. 
   
  Overall 
  Our sales depend heavily on industries that are cyclical in nature or are subject to market conditions which may cause customer demand for our products to be volatile and unpredictable. Demand in these industries is affected by fluctuations in domestic and international economic conditions, including most recently, The United Kingdom s European Union membership referendum advising for the exit of the United Kingdom from the European Union, as well as currency fluctuations, commodity costs, and a variety of other factors. 
  We remain generally cautious about global economic conditions and the demand for our products, particularly in our Fluid Handling segment. For 2016, we expect a total Company year-over-year sales decline of approximately 1% driven by unfavorable foreign exchange, with core sales up approximately 1% compared to 2015. 
  Consistent with our focus on productivity, we undertook certain repositioning actions in our Fluid Handling and Aerospace   Electronics segments in 2014 and 2015. The costs associated with these repositioning actions were $11.6 million in 2015 and $22.7 million in 2014.  Savings associated with these repositioning actions were $14 million in 2015, and we expect incremental savings of approximately $18 million in 2016. 
  In connection with the acquisition of MEI, we recorded integration and restructuring costs of $6.6 million in 2015 and $20.1 million in 2014. We realized approximately $10 million of savings in 2014, $14 million in 2015, and we expect an incremental $9 million in 2016. 
  Fluid Handling 
  In 2016, we expect Fluid Handling sales to decline in the high single-digit range compared to 2015, driven by a mid single-digit core sales decline and a low single-digit impact from unfavorable foreign currency translation.  
  We expect Process Valves and Related Products sales to decline in the high single-digit range compared to 2015, driven primarily by a core sales decline with a modest impact from unfavorable foreign exchange. The lower core sales is driven by lower levels of customer capital spending and project delays across the power, oil   gas, chemical, and general industrial end markets. 
  We expect Commercial Valves sales to decline in the high single-digit range compared to 2015, driven by unfavorable foreign exchange. Core sales are expected to be approximately flat compared to 2015, with strength in the United Kingdom and Middle East offset by continued softness in Canada. . 
  Our Other Products sales are expected to decline modestly compared to 2015. 
  For the segment, we expect a modest decline in operating profit compared to 2015, as the negative impact from lower core sales and unfavorable foreign currency will be partially offset by productivity initiatives, repositioning benefits, and lower repositioning costs. 

Page 33 

Payment   Merchandising Technologies 
  We expect Payment   Merchandising Technologies sales to increase in the low to mid single-digit range compared to 2015, with a mid single-digit improvement in core sales, partially offset by unfavorable foreign currency translation. We expect core sales to improve across both CPI and Merchandising Systems. At CPI, we expect core sales improvement to be driven by certain vertical end markets, primarily retail and transportation. At Merchandising Systems, we expect core sales improvement driven primarily by stronger demand from large bottler customers. We expect the segment s operating profit to increase compared to 2015 driven by the higher sales, MEI integration synergies, and lower integration costs. 
  Aerospace   Electronics 
  We expect Aerospace   Electronics sales to increase in the high single-digit range compared to 2015. For 2016, we expect that commercial market conditions will remain generally positive.  We expect commercial aftermarket sales to decline in the low single digit range primarily because of lower retrofit program sales when compared to the prior year. Although we expect defense markets to remain relatively flat, our military sales will increase substantially as a result of a large contract for our microwave products, along with higher sales for a major military aerospace program. We expect segment operating profit in 2016 to improve slightly compared to 2015 driven by higher sales and repositioning benefits, partially offset by unfavorable product mix and higher engineering spending. 
  Engineered Materials 
  In 2016, we expect the Engineered Materials sales will be approximately flat compared to the prior year. We expect modest growth in sales to the building products markets, offset by a modest decline in sales to the transportation and RV markets. Segment operating profit is expected to be approximately flat compared to 2015. 

Page 34 

Results from Operations   Three Month Periods Ended September 30 
  All comparisons below refer to the third quarter 2016 versus the third quarter 2015, unless otherwise specified. 

Sales increased by   $24.3 million  , or   3.6%  , to   $694.2 million   in 2016. Net sales related to operations outside the United States were 35.3% and 39.3% of total net sales for the quarters ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. The year-over-year change in sales included: 
              
    unfavorable foreign currency translation of $12.4 million, or 1.9%. 
     Operating profit increased by   $10.6 million  , or   11.4%  , to   $103.8 million   in 2016.  The increase in operating profit reflected the higher operating profit in our Payment   Merchandising Technologies, Aerospace   Electronics and Fluid Handling segments, partially offset by lower operating profit in our Engineered Materials segment and higher corporate costs. 
  Our effective tax rate is affected by a number of items, both recurring and discrete, including the amount of income we earn in different jurisdictions and their respective statutory tax rates, acquisitions and dispositions, changes in the valuation of our deferred tax assets and liabilities, changes in tax laws, regulations and accounting principles, the continued availability of statutory tax credits and deductions, the continued reinvestment of our overseas earnings, and examinations initiated by tax authorities around the world.  
    
  Our effective tax rate for the three months ended September 30, 2016 varies from the prior year s comparable period primarily due to: 

a valuation allowance recorded in 2016 against certain deferred tax assets, 
                
    unfavorable return-to-provision adjustments recorded in the current period, 
                
    the inclusion of the U.S. federal research credit, which had expired on December 31, 2014 and was not renewed with retroactive effect until December 2015, 
                
    the amount of income earned in jurisdictions with lower statutory rates, and  
                
    a greater U.S. federal tax benefit on domestic manufacturing activities. 

Page 35 

Three Months Ended 
        
    September 30, 
        
    2016 
      
    2015 
      Net income before allocation to noncontrolling interests 
    $ 
    63.7 

$ 
    57.2 
      
      Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax 

Currency translation adjustment 
    (5.2 
    ) 
      
    (26.7 
    ) 
      Changes in pension and postretirement plan assets and benefit obligation, net of tax 
    1.8 

2.1 
      
      Other comprehensive (loss) income 
    (3.4 
    ) 
      
    (24.6 
    ) 
      Comprehensive income before allocation to noncontrolling interests 
    60.3 

32.6 
      
      Less: Noncontrolling interests in comprehensive income (loss) 
    0.2 

Comprehensive income attributable to common shareholders 
    $ 
    60.1 

$ 
    32.6 

Comprehensive income attributable to common shareholders was   $60.1 million   for the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to   $32.6 million   in the same period of 2015.  The change was driven by $21.5 million of lower unrealized losses on foreign currency translation adjustments, resulting primarily from strengthening of the U.S. dollar against the British pound, coupled with a $6.5 million increase in net income before allocation to noncontrolling interests. 

Segment Results of Operations Three Month Periods Ended September 30 
  The following information should be read in conjunction with our condensed consolidated financial statements and related notes.  
    
  Fluid Handling 

Fluid Handling sales decreased by   $19.6 million  , or   7.4%  , to   $245.1 million  , driven by a core sales decline of $12.1 million, or 4.6%, and unfavorable foreign currency translation of $7.5 million, or 2.8%. 

Sales of Process Valves and Related Products decreased by   $12.3 million  , or   7.7%  , to   $148.1 million   in 2016, including a core sales decline of $11.1 million, or 7.0%, and unfavorable foreign currency translation of $1.2 million, or 0.7%.  The decrease in core sales primarily reflected lower capital spending by our customers in response to weaker oil   gas, chemical and general industrial end market conditions. 
                
    Sales of Commercial Valves decreased by   $6.5 million  , or   8.0%  , to   $75.2 million   in 2016, primarily reflecting unfavorable foreign currency translation of $6.4 million, or 7.9%, as the British pound weakened against the U.S. dollar.  
      Fluid Handling operating profit increased by   $1.3 million  , or   4.4%  , to   $30.7 million   in 2016.  The increase was driven by the impact of productivity,   $1.8 million   of lower restructuring and related charges, favorable mix and restructuring benefits, partially offset by lower volumes, and to a lesser extent, competitive pricing.  
  The Fluid Handling segment backlog was   $242 million   at   September 30, 2016  , compared with   $267 million   at December 31, 2015 and   $279 million   at   September 30, 2015  . 
  
   Page 36 

Payment   Merchandising Technologies 

Payment   Merchandising Technologies sales increased   $16.1 million  , or   9.4%  , to   $186.7 million   in 2016, reflecting a core sales increase of $20.9 million, or 12.3%, partially offset by unfavorable foreign currency translation of $4.8 million, or 2.9%.   
             
    Sales of Payment Acceptance and Dispensing Products increased   $2.1 million  , or   1.7%  , to   $123.7 million   in 2016, reflecting a core sales increase of $5.1 million, or 4.2%, partially offset by unfavorable foreign currency translation of $3.0 million, or 2.5%.  Unfavorable foreign currency translation primarily reflected the British pound weakening against the U.S. dollar, partially offset by the strengthening of the Japanese yen against the U.S. dollar.  The increase in core sales primarily reflected strength in the retail vertical. 
                
    Sales of Merchandising Equipment increased   $14.0 million  , or   28.6%  , to   $63.0 million   in 2016, reflecting a core sales increase of $15.8 million, or 32.3%, partially offset by unfavorable foreign currency translation of $1.8 million, or 3.7%.  The increase in core sales was primarily related to stronger sales to large bottler customers. 
     Payment   Merchandising Technologies operating profit increased by   $9.5 million  , or   37.7%  , to   $34.7 million   in 2016.  The increase was primarily driven by the benefit from higher core sales, strong productivity, the impact from MEI related synergy savings of $2.1 million and a decrease in acquisition, integration and restructuring related charges of   $2.2 million  . 
  The Payment   Merchandising Technologies segment backlog was   $66 million   at   September 30, 2016  , compared with   $63 million   at December 31, 2015 and   $56 million   at   September 30, 2015  .   
    
  Aerospace   Electronics 

Aerospace   Electronics sales increased   $26.5 million  , or   15.4%  , to   $198.2 million   in 2016. 
             
    Sales of Commercial Original Equipment increased by   $0.5 million  , or   0.6%  , to   $88.4 million   in 2016.  The generally stable sales level is consistent with customer commercial aircraft build rates. 
                
    Sales of Military Original Equipment increased by   $26.5 million  , or   72.0%  , to   $63.3 million   in 2016.  The sales increase primarily reflected shipments related to a large military program. 
     
   Page 37 

Sales of Commercial Aftermarket products decreased by   $1.5 million  , or   4.5%  , to   $31.9 million   in 2016. The sales decrease primarily reflected lower shipments of commercial spares. 
      Aerospace   Electronics operating profit increased by   $2.4 million  , or   6.6%  , to   $38.9 million   in 2016, primarily as a result of  the impact from the higher volume and strong productivity, partially offset by unfavorable product mix primarily related to the higher military program shipments that carry a lower margin profile. 
  The Aerospace   Electronics segment backlog was   $377 million   at   September 30, 2016  , compared with   $436 million   at December 31, 2015 and   $460 million   at   September 30, 2015  . 
  Engineered Materials    

Engineered Materials sales increased by   $1.3 million  , or   2.1%  , to   $64.2 million   in 2016 resulting from higher sales to building products and to recreational vehicle ( RV ) end markets, partially offset by lower sales to transportation end markets.  Engineered Materials operating profit decreased by   $1.1 million  , or   8.8%  , to   $11.4 million   in 2016, reflecting competitive pricing, partially offset by strong productivity. 
  The Engineered Materials segment backlog was   $12 million   at   September 30, 2016  , compared with   $15 million   at December 31, 2015 and   $14 million   at   September 30, 2015  . 

Page 38 

Results from Operations   Nine Month Periods Ended September 30 
  The following information should be read in conjunction with our condensed consolidated financial statements and related notes.  

Sales increased by   $6.5 million  , or   0.3%  , to   $2,066.5 million   in 2016. Net sales related to operations outside the United States were 36.0% and 38.9% of total net sales for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. The year-over-year change in sales included: 
              
    unfavorable foreign currency translation of $31.7 million, or 1.6%; and  
     Operating profit increased by   $22.5 million  , or   8.4%  , to   $291.9 million   in 2016.  The increase in operating profit reflected the higher operating profit in our Payment   Merchandising Technologies and Aerospace   Electronics segments, partially offset by lower operating profit in our Fluid Handling segment and higher corporate costs, which included a $5.0 million legal settlement charge. 
  Our effective tax rate is affected by a number of items, both recurring and discrete, including the amount of income we earn in different jurisdictions and their respective statutory tax rates, acquisitions and dispositions, changes in the valuation of our deferred tax assets and liabilities, changes in tax laws, regulations and accounting principles, the continued availability of statutory tax credits and deductions, the continued reinvestment of our overseas earnings, and examinations initiated by tax authorities around the world.  
    
  Our effective tax rate for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 varies from the prior year s comparable period primarily due to: 

a valuation allowance recorded in 2016 against certain deferred tax assets, 
                
    unfavorable return-to-provision adjustments recorded in the current period, 
                
    the inclusion of the U.S. federal research credit, which had expired on December 31, 2014 and was not renewed with retroactive effect until December 2015, 
                
    the amount of income earned in jurisdictions with lower statutory rates,   
                
    a greater U.S. federal tax benefit on domestic manufacturing activities,  
                
    the impact changes in Japanese tax law had on our deferred tax balances in 2016 (favorable) and tax carryforwards in 2015 (unfavorable), and  
                
    a benefit for the resolution of a tax examination during 2016. 

Page 39 

Comprehensive income attributable to common shareholders was   $204.0 million   for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared to   $99.2 million   in the same period of 2015.  The change was primarily driven by an $82.5 million change from an unrealized loss to an unrealized gain on foreign currency translation adjustments resulting, primarily from strengthening of the British pound and Canadian dollar against the U.S. dollar, coupled with a $22.9 million increase in net income before allocation to noncontrolling interests. 

Page 40 

Segment Results of Operations Nine Month Periods Ended September 30 
  The following information should be read in conjunction with our condensed consolidated financial statements and related notes.  
    
  Fluid Handling 

Fluid Handling sales decreased by   $73.1 million  , or   8.8%  , to   $759.1 million  , driven by a core sales decline of $51.5 million, or 6.2%, and unfavorable foreign currency translation of $21.7 million, or 2.6%. 

Sales of Process Valves and Related Products decreased by   $50.2 million  , or   9.7%  , to   $469.1 million   in 2016, including a core sales decline of $45.7 million, or 8.8%, and unfavorable foreign currency translation of $4.5 million, or 0.9%.  The decrease in core sales primarily reflected lower capital spending by our customers in response to weaker oil   gas, chemical and general industrial end market conditions. 
                
    Sales of Commercial Valves decreased by   $20.0 million  , or   8.2%  , to   $224.1 million   in 2016, reflecting unfavorable foreign currency translation of $16.6 million, or 6.8%, as the British pound and Canadian dollar weakened against the U.S. dollar.  Core sales decreased $3.4 million, or 1.4%, primarily reflecting lower sales to non-residential construction markets in Canada.  
      Fluid Handling operating profit decreased by   $4.7 million  , or   4.9%  , to   $91.5 million   in 2016.  The decrease was driven by a $24 million impact from the lower sales and, to a lesser extent, competitive pricing, partially offset by productivity, repositioning benefits,   $8.7 million   of lower restructuring and related charges and favorable product mix.  

Page 41 

Payment   Merchandising Technologies 

Payment   Merchandising Technologies sales increased   $22.2 million  , or   4.2%  , to   $551.2 million   in 2016, reflecting a core sales increase of $32.1 million, or 6.1%, partially offset by unfavorable foreign currency translation of $9.9 million, or 1.9%.   
             
    Sales of Payment Acceptance and Dispensing Products decreased   $3.2 million  , or   0.8%  , to   $373.7 million   in 2016, reflecting unfavorable foreign currency translation of $6.7 million, or 1.7%, partially offset by a core sales increase of $3.5 million, or 0.9%.  Unfavorable foreign currency translation reflected the British pound weakening against the U.S. dollar, partially offset by the strengthening of the Japanese yen against the U.S. dollar.  The increase in core sales reflects higher sales to the retail and transportation verticals. 
                
    Sales of Merchandising Equipment increased   $25.4 million  , or   16.7%  , to   $177.5 million   in 2016, reflecting a core sales increase of $28.5 million, or 18.7%, partially offset by unfavorable foreign currency translation of $3.1 million, or 2.0%.  The increase in core sales was primarily related to stronger sales to large bottler customers.  
     Payment   Merchandising Technologies operating profit increased by   $24.6 million  , or   33.9%  , to   $97.1 million   in 2016.  The increase was primarily driven by the benefit from the higher core sales, strong productivity, the impact from MEI related synergy savings of $8.0 million and a decrease in acquisition, integration and restructuring related charges of   $4.0 million  .  
    
  Aerospace   Electronics 

Aerospace   Electronics sales increased   $58.8 million  , or   11.8%  , to   $559.2 million   in 2016.  
             
    Sales of Commercial Original Equipment increased by   $7.2 million  , or   2.7%  , to   $270.6 million   in 2016.  The sales increase was driven by strength from space and large transport markets, partially offset by weaker business jet related sales. 
                
    Sales of Military Original Equipment increased by   $49.0 million  , or   47.2%  , to   $152.9 million   in 2016.  The sales increase primarily reflected shipments related to a large military program. 
                 
    Sales of Military Aftermarket increased by   $3.4 million  , or   9.4%  , to   $39.4 million   in 2016.  The sales increase primarily reflected higher spares. 
     
   Page 42 

Aerospace   Electronics operating profit increased by   $12.4 million  , or   12.6%  , to   $110.6 million   in 2016, primarily as a result of the impact from the higher volume, strong productivity, repositioning benefits and a decrease in restructuring and related charges, partially offset by unfavorable product mix associated with comparatively lower margins realized on the large military program and higher engineering expense  . 
  Engineered Materials    

Engineered Materials sales decreased by   $1.4 million  , or   0.7%  , to   $197.0 million   in 2016, reflecting lower sales to RV manufacturers due to competitive pricing, partially offset by higher sales to building products customers.      Engineered Materials operating profit decreased by   $0.4 million  , or   1.0%  , to   $38.6 million   in 2016, reflecting competitive pricing, partially offset by strong productivity. 

Page 43 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 
  Our operating philosophy is to deploy cash provided from operating activities, when appropriate, to provide value to shareholders by reinvesting in existing businesses, by making acquisitions that will complement our portfolio of businesses, by divesting businesses that are no longer strategic and by paying dividends and/or repurchasing shares.  
  Our current cash balance, together with cash we expect to generate from future operations and the $466 million available under our Commercial Paper ( CP ) Program and revolving credit facility, is expected to be sufficient to finance our short- and long-term capital requirements, as well as to fund payments associated with our asbestos and environmental liabilities and expected pension contributions. In addition, we believe our investment grade credit ratings afford us adequate access to public and private markets for debt.  We have borrowings totaling   $34.0 million   outstanding under our CP Program as of September 30, 2016. There are no other significant debt maturities coming due until December 2018. 
  We have an estimated liability of   $486.6 million   for pending and reasonably anticipated asbestos claims through 2021, and while it is probable that this amount will change and we may incur additional liabilities for asbestos claims after 2021, which additional liabilities may be material, we cannot reasonably estimate the amount of such additional liabilities at this time. We continue to monitor trend factors, such as the number and type of claims being filed each year, case management orders and legislation restricting the types of claims that can proceed to trial, significant appellate rulings and developments affecting the post-bankruptcy trusts for asbestos claimants to assess whether the existing forecast period is appropriate.  On a quarterly basis, we review significant changes to these factors in assessing the adequacy of our asbestos liability.  Similarly, we have an estimated liability of $52 million related to environmental remediation costs projected through 2022 related to our Goodyear Site.   
  As of September 30, 2016, our non-U.S. subsidiaries held approximately $436 million of cash, which would be subject to additional tax upon repatriation to the United States.  Our current plans do not anticipate that we will need funds generated from our non-U.S. operations to fund our U.S. operations. In the event we were to repatriate the cash balances of our non-U.S. subsidiaries, we would provide for and pay additional U.S. and non-U.S. taxes in connection with such repatriation. 
  Operating Activities 
  Cash provided by operating activities was   $168.4 million   in the first nine months of 2016, compared to   $115.7 million   during the same period last year.  The increase in cash generated resulted primarily from higher net income, lower working capital requirements and lower pension contributions.  Net asbestos-related payments in the first nine months of 2016 and 2015 were   $41.5 million   and   $36.2 million  , respectively.  We expect to make payments related to asbestos settlement and defense costs, net of related insurance recoveries, of approximately $55 million, environmental payments of approximately $13 million and contributions to our defined benefit plans of approximately   $8 million   in 2016.  
  Investing Activities 
  Cash flows relating to investing activities consist primarily of cash provided by divestitures of businesses or assets and cash used for acquisitions and capital expenditures. Cash used for investing activities was   $37.7 million   in the first nine months of 2016, compared to cash used for investing activities of   $26.4 million   in the comparable period of 2015. The increase in cash used for investing activities was driven by higher capital expenditures.  Capital expenditures are made primarily for increasing capacity, replacing equipment, supporting new product development and improving information systems. We expect our capital expenditures to approximate $50 million in 2016, reflecting anticipated increases in new product development initiatives, primarily in our Aerospace   Electronics and Fluid Handling segments. 
  Financing Activities 
  Financing cash flows consist primarily of payments of dividends to shareholders, share repurchases, repayments of indebtedness, proceeds from the issuance of commercial paper and proceeds from the issuance of common stock. Cash used for financing activities was   $63.8 million   during the first nine months of 2016, compared to   $78.3 million   during the first nine months of 2015.  The lower levels of cash used for financing activities was primarily due to open market purchases of our common stock (we repurchased 398,095 shares of our common stock at a cost of $25 million in the first nine months of 2015), partially offset by modestly higher repayments of short term debt. 

Page 44 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
  Information regarding new accounting pronouncements is included in Note 1 to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 

Item 3.   Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
    
  There have been no material changes in the information called for by this item since the disclosure in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015. 

Item 4.   Controls and Procedures 
  Disclosure Controls and Procedures  .   The Company s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have evaluated the effectiveness of the design and operation of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this quarterly report. The Company s disclosure controls and procedures are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports that are filed or submitted under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission s rules and forms and that the information is accumulated and communicated to the Company s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Based on this evaluation, the Company s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that these controls are effective as of the end of the period covered by this quarterly report. 
  Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting  .   During the fiscal quarter ended   September 30, 2016  , there have been no changes in the Company s internal control over financial reporting, identified in connection with our evaluation thereof, that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, its internal control over financial reporting. 

Page 45 

Item 6.   Exhibits 

Notes to Exhibits List: 
  Attached as Exhibit 101 to this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q are the following documents formatted in XBRL (Extensible Business Reporting Language): (i) the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively; (ii) the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015; and (iii) the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. Users of this data are advised that, pursuant to Rule 406T of Regulation S-T, this interactive data file is deemed not filed or part of a registration statement or prospectus for purposes of Sections 11 or 12 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, is not deemed to be filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and otherwise is not subject to liability under these sections. 

Page 46 

Part II : Other Information 

Item 1.   Legal Proceedings 
  Discussion of legal matters is incorporated by reference from Part 1, Item 1, Note 8,  Commitments and Contingencies , of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, and should be considered an integral part of Part II, Item 1,  Legal Proceedings . 

Item 1A.   Risk Factors 
  Information regarding risk factors appears in Item 1A of Crane Co. s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015 and Part II, Item IA of Crane Co. s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2016.  There were no material changes during the quarter ended September 30, 2016 to the risk factors disclosed in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015 or the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2016. 

Item 2.   Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
    
  (a)  Not applicable 
    
  (b)  Not applicable 
    
  (c)  Share Repurchases 
    
  We did not make any open-market share repurchases of our common stock during the quarter ended September 30, 2016.  We routinely receive shares of our common stock as payment for stock option exercises and the withholding taxes due on stock option exercises and the vesting of restricted stock awards from stock-based compensation program participants. 

Item 4.   Mine Safety Disclosures 
  Not applicable 

Page 47 

SIGNATURES 
  Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

CRANE CO. 

REGISTRANT 

Date 

November 3, 2016 
    By 
    /s/ Max H. Mitchell 

Max H. Mitchell 

President and Chief Executive Officer 

Date 
    By 
    /s/ Richard A. Maue 
      November 3, 2016 
      
    Richard A. Maue 

Vice President, Finance and 

Chief Financial Officer 

Page 48 

Exhibit Index 

Notes to Exhibits List: 
  Attached as Exhibit 101 to this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q are the following documents formatted in XBRL (Extensible Business Reporting Language): (i) the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations for the three and nine months ended   September 30, 2016   and 2015, respectively; (ii) the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets at   September 30, 2016   and December 31, 2015; and (iii) the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the three and nine months ended   September 30, 2016   and 2015, respectively. Users of this data are advised that, pursuant to Rule 406T of Regulation S-T, this interactive data file is deemed not filed or part of a registration statement or prospectus for purposes of Sections 11 or 12 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, is not deemed to be filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and otherwise is not subject to liability under these sections. 

Page 49 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 cr-ex311_20160930.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 

Exhibit 31.1 
  CERTIFICATION 
  I, Max H. Mitchell, certify that:  
           (1) 
    I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Crane Co.; 
              (2) 
    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
              (3) 
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
              (4) 
    The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
              a) 
    Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
              b) 
    Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
              c) 
    Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
              d) 
    Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
              (5) 
    The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing equivalent functions): 
              a) 
    All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
              b) 
    Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

By /s/ Max H. Mitchell 
      President and Chief Executive Officer 
      November 3, 2016 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 cr-ex312_20160930.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 

Exhibit 31.2 
  CERTIFICATION 
  I, Richard A. Maue, certify that: 
           (1) 
     I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Crane Co.; 
              (2) 
    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
              (3) 
     Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
              (4) 
    The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
              a) 
    Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
              b) 
    Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
              c) 
    Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
              d) 
     Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
              (5) 
    The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing equivalent functions): 
              a) 
    All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
              b) 
    Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

By /s/ Richard A. Maue 
      Principal Financial Officer 
      November 3, 2016 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 cr-ex321_20160930.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 

Exhibit 32.1 
  CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
  PURSUANT TO 
  18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
  In connection with the Quarterly Report of Crane Co. (the  Registrant ) on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended   September 30, 2016   as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Max H. Mitchell, President and Chief Executive Officer of the Registrant, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. section 1350, as adopted pursuant to section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, hereby certify to the best of my knowledge that: 
           (1) 
    The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 
              (2) 
    The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Registrant. 
     This Certification accompanies this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and shall not be treated as having been filed as part of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 

By /s/ Max H. Mitchell 
      Max H. Mitchell 
      President and Chief Executive Officer 
      November 3, 2016 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 cr-ex322_20160930.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

Exhibit 

Exhibit 32.2 
  CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 
  PURSUANT TO 
  18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
  In connection with the Quarterly Report of Crane Co. (the  Registrant ) on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended   September 30, 2016   as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Richard A. Maue, Principal Financial Officer of the Registrant, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. section 1350, as adopted pursuant to section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, hereby certify to the best of my knowledge that: 
           (1) 
    The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 
              (2) 
    The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Registrant. 
     This Certification accompanies this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and shall not be treated as having been filed as part of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 

By Richard A. Maue 
      Richard A. Maue 
      Principal Financial Officer 
      November 3, 2016 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 cr-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 cr-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 cr-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 cr-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 cr-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 cr-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

