<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161014_10-Q-A_edgar_data_1571919_0001078782-16-003628_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>192190</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>81321</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>0</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>86976</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>0</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>0</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>5</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>4</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001078782-16-003628.hdr.sgml : 20161014
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161013215412
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001078782-16-003628
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q/A
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		5
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20151231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161014
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161013

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			SBH ASSOCIATES, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001571919
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-MANAGEMENT CONSULTING SERVICES [8742]
		IRS NUMBER:				462236047
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0930

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q/A
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	333-187245
		FILM NUMBER:		161935889

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		885 WOODSTOCK ROAD, SUITE 430-180
		CITY:			ROSWELL
		STATE:			GA
		ZIP:			30075
		BUSINESS PHONE:		404-720-5664

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		885 WOODSTOCK ROAD, SUITE 430-180
		CITY:			ROSWELL
		STATE:			GA
		ZIP:			30075

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001078782-16-003628.txt : 20161014

10-Q/A
 1
 f10qa123115_10qz.htm
 FORM 10-Q/A AMENDED QUARTERLY REPORT

Form 10-Q/A Amended Quarterly Report 

UNITED STATES  
  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION  
  Washington, D.C. 20549  
   
   FORM 10-Q/AMENDMENT #1   
   
 (Mark One) 
   
    X   .  
  QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934  
   
  For the quarterly period ended December 31, 2015  
   
          .  
  TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934  
   
  For the transition period from _______to________  
   
 Commission file number 333-187245 Pursuant to Item 305(e) of Regulation S-K (  229.305(e)), the Company is not required to provide the information required by this Item. 

SBH ASSOCIATES, INC.   
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

Nevada   
     46-2236047   
  
   (State or other jurisdiction 
   (IRS Employer 
  
   of incorporation or organization) 
   Identification Number) 

885 Woodstock Road, Suite 430-180, Roswell, GA 30075   
 (Address of principal executive offices) 
   
   (404) 720-5664   
 (Registrant s telephone number) 
   
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes     X   .  No           .  
   
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer or a smaller reporting company filer. See definition of  accelerated filer  and  large accelerated filer  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act (Check one): 
   
 Large Accelerated Filer           .    Accelerated Filer           .    Non-Accelerated Filer           .    Smaller Reporting Company     X   .  
   
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an accelerated filer (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act) Yes           .  No     X   .  
   
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes           .  No     X   .  
   
 At February 18 ,  2016, the number of shares of the Registrant s common stock outstanding was 90,250,000. 

SBH ASSOCIATES, INC.  
   
 INDEX 

PART I  

ITEM 1 
   FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   
   3 

ITEM 2 
   MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
   11 

ITEM 3 
   QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
   13 

ITEM 4 
   CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
   13 

PART II  

ITEM I 
   LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
   15 

ITEM 1A 
   RISK FACTORS 
   15 

ITEM 2 
   UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS 
   23 

ITEM 3 
   DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES 
   23 

ITEM 4 
   MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
   23 

ITEM 5 
   OTHER INFORMATION 
   23 

ITEM 6 
   EXHIBITS 
   23 

2 

PART I  
   
 This Quarterly Report includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the  Exchange Act ). These statements are based on management's beliefs and assumptions, and on information currently available to management. Forward-looking statements include the information concerning possible or assumed future results of operations of the Company set forth under the heading  Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition or Plan of Operation.  Forward-looking statements also include statements in which words such as  expect,   anticipate,   intend,   plan,   believe,   estimate,   consider  or similar expressions are used. 
   
 Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance. They involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions. The Company's future results and shareholder values may differ materially from those expressed in these forward-looking statements. Readers are cautioned not to put undue reliance on any forward-looking statements. 

3 

SBH ASSOCIATES, INC.  
  Dba Beecham Group  
 BALANCE SHEETS 
 (Unaudited) 

See accompanying notes to the financial statements.  

4 

SBH ASSOCIATES, INC.  
  Dba Beecham Group  
 STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
 FOR THE THREE MONTHS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2015 AND 2014 
 (Unaudited) 

See accompanying notes to the financial statements.  

5 

SBH ASSOCIATES, INC.  
  Dba Beecham Group  
 STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
  FOR THE THREE MONTHS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2015 AND 2014 
 (Unaudited) 

See accompanying notes to the financial statements       

6 

SBH ASSOCIATES, INC.  
  Dba Beecham Group    
 Notes to the Financial Statements 
 December 31, 2015 
 (Unaudited) 

NOTE 1--BASIS OF PRESENTATION  
   
 The accompanying unaudited interim financial statements and related notes have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ( U.S. GAAP ) for interim financial information, and with the rules and regulations of the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (the  SEC ) set forth in Article 8 of Regulation S-X. Accordingly, they do not include all of the information and footnotes required by U.S. GAAP for complete financial statements. The unaudited interim financial statements furnished reflect all adjustments (consisting of normal recurring accruals) which are, in the opinion of management, necessary to a fair statement of the results for the interim periods presented. Unaudited interim results are not necessarily indicative of the results for the full fiscal year. These financial statements should be read in conjunction with the financial statements of the Company for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2015 and notes thereto contained in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
   
  Home Sale, Revenue and Profit Recognition  
   
 The Company follows the guidance of the Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FAS ) No. 605-20 Revenue Recognition - Services for revenue recognition. Revenue from the rendering of services is considered earned and realized or realizable only if all of the following criteria are met: 

Persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists; 

Services have been rendered; 

The seller s price to the buyer is fixed or determinable; and 

Collectability is reasonably assured. 
   
 The Company most often serves as the general contractor for custom homes where the customer and not the Company owns the underlying land. Accordingly, it recognizes revenue from custom home construction contracts, which are primarily cost plus contracts, on the percentage-of-completion method where progress toward completion is measured by relating the actual cost of work performed to date to the current estimated total cost of the respective contracts. Company contracts include an estimate of total contract price by contract component; however, they do not include a maximum contract price. Revisions to initial estimated contract prices are made by change order presented to and agreed to by the owner customer. 
   
 The Company serves as the general contractor and takes responsibility for all costs incurred in the performance of contracts for construction of custom homes. It subcontracts all construction costs and establishes subcontracts through a bid process. It has general inventory risk, although it mitigates this risk by requiring significant customer deposits and advances, and it has discretion in subcontractor selection. 
   
 The Company has evaluated our contracting process in light of FAS 605-45,  Principal Agent Considerations , and determined that its revenue from construction contracts is properly reflected at gross including the contract costs plus earned fees. Contract costs are expensed as incurred. Gross profit on cost plus contracts is recognized as earned, less an allowance for cancellation losses. Costs incurred prior to contract acceptance are reflected as deferred construction costs and assessed for impairment as each balance sheet date. Customer advances received in advance of the point contract costs are incurred are deferred and reflected as deferred or unearned revenue. 
   
 If the Company acts as the primary builder of a project rather than a general contractor, revenue will be recognized when a unit is sold and sales proceeds have been received. 

7 

Emerging Growth Company  
   
 The Company qualifies as an  emerging growth company  under the JOBS Act. As a result, it is permitted to, and intends to, rely on exemptions from certain disclosure requirements. For so long as we are an emerging growth company, we will not be required to: 

have an auditor report on our internal controls over financial reporting pursuant to Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act; 

comply with any requirement that may be adopted by the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board regarding mandatory audit firm rotation or a supplement to the auditor s report providing additional information about the audit and the financial statements (i.e., an auditor discussion and analysis); 

submit certain executive compensation matters to shareholder advisory votes, such as  say-on-pay  and  say-on-frequency;  and 

disclose certain executive compensation related items such as the correlation between executive compensation and performance and comparisons of the CEO s compensation to median employee compensation. 
   
 In addition, Section 107 of the JOBS Act also provides that an emerging growth company can take advantage of the extended transition period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act for complying with new or revised accounting standards. In other words, an emerging growth company can delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies. The Company has elected to take advantage of the benefits of this extended transition period. The Company s financial statements may, therefore, not be comparable to those of companies that comply with such new or revised accounting standards. 
   
 The Company will remain an  emerging growth company  for up to five years, or until the earliest of 
   
 i. 
 the last day of the first fiscal year in which its total annual gross revenues exceed $1 billion, 
   
 ii. 
 the date that it becomes a  large accelerated filer  as defined in Rule 12b-2 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, which would occur if the market value of its ordinary shares that are held by non-affiliates exceeds $700 million as of the last business day of our most recently completed second fiscal quarter, or 
   
 iii. 
 the date on which it has issued more than $1 billion in non-convertible debt during the preceding three-year period. 
   
  NOTE 2  ORGANIZATION  
   
 SBH Associates, Inc. (the  Company  or  SBH ) doing business as Beecham Group was founded in 2012 and was incorporated as a C corporation under the laws of the State of Nevada on December 28, 2012 
   
 In May 2014, the Company engaged Mary Merritt, CISSP as its new president. Ms. Merritt introduced a new business plan for the Company based on the introduction of products using geo-location technology. 
   
 However in the next one year, Ms. Merritt was unable to raise sufficient financing to develop and bring her products to market in a manner consistent with the business plan. Therefore, on December 17, 2015, the Company entered into a Share Exchange Agreement (the  Exchange Agreement ) by and among (i) SBH, (ii) Beecham Group, LLC, a Georgia company ( Beecham ), and (iii) the shareholders of Beecham, pursuant to which the holders of 100% of the outstanding common stock of Beecham transferred to the Company all of the common stock of Beecham in exchange for the issuance of 60,000,000 shares (the  Shares ) of the Company s common stock and 1,000,000 newly-issued shares of preferred stock (such transaction, the  Share Exchange ). The 1,000,000 shares of preferred stock will be issued in early 2016. This transaction closed concurrently with the filing of SBH s Current Report on Form 8-K with the Securities and Exchange Commission. As a result of the Share Exchange, Beecham became a wholly-owned subsidiary. SBH is now a holding company with all of its operations conducted through Beecham, which primarily consist of construction of custom luxury homes in the areas around Atlanta, GA, as more fully discussed herein. As part of this transaction, Mary Merritt returned 65,750,000 shares held by her to the Company. 

8 

The acquisition was accounted for as a reverse acquisition and recapitalization of Beecham. Beecham is the acquirer for accounting and financial reporting purposes, and SBH is the issuer. Accordingly, Beecham's historical financial statements for periods prior to the acquisition become those of the acquirer retroactively restated for the equivalent number of shares issued in the merger. Operations reported prior to the merger date are solely those of Beecham. No SBH operating results from prior to the merger date are included. Earnings per share for the periods prior to the merger are retroactively restated to reflect the equivalent number of shares outstanding. 
   
 The assets and liabilities of Beecham have been brought forward at their book value, and no goodwill has been recognized. Certain corporate-related liabilities such as accrued professional fees were carried over from SBH. 
   
 After the foregoing transactions were completed, there are 90,250,000 shares of common stock outstanding. All disclosures of share amounts outstanding throughout the financial statements and footnotes thereto have been restated to give retroactive effect to the 12.125 for one stock split. 
   
  NOTE 3   GOING CONCERN  
   
 The accompanying financial statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America, which contemplates continuation of the Company as a going concern. The Company is in the early stage of operations and has very limited capital and financing sources. These items raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern without the attainment of additional sources of financing or profitable operations. 
   
 In view of these matters, realization of the Company s financial and operating objectives is dependent upon the Company s ability to meet its financial requirements through equity financing and sales of custom homes. These financial statements do not include adjustments relating to the recovery and classification of recorded asset amounts and classification of liabilities that might be necessary should the Company be unable to continue in existence. 
   
 The Company has entered into agreements through February 10, 2016, which if completed successfully, will generate revenue. These include: 

In December 2015, the Company entered into an agreement with another company to build and sell townhouses (see Note 5). 

The Company entered into a bank loan agreement for proceeds up to $1,000,000 to finance construction of the townhouse project (see Note 6). 

The Company entered into four executed contracts to serve as a general contractor on projects with estimated total revenue in excess of $2,400,000. 
   
 The Company also has received short-term loans aggregating $45,000 including $30,000 from the Company s chief executive officer. 
   
  NOTE 4- NOTES PAYABLE RELATED PARTY  
   
 The Company borrowed $30,000 in the form of a short term loan from its CEO, Michael Beecham. The loan was incurred on October 20, 2015, with an interest rate of 5% per annum. The loan is due in full with interest on 12/31/2016. 
   
 The Company borrowed $15,000 from a financial institution through its CEO in December of 2015. This loan has a six (6) month term. The loan is due in monthly installments ranging from $2,650 to $3,813 and matures on June 11, 2016. 
   
  NOTE 5- JOINT VENTURE INVESTMENT  
   
 In December 2015, the Company entered into an agreement with another company whereby the other company agreed to purchase land in Alpharetta, GA on which the Company will build and sell townhouses. When the townhouses are sold, the collective proceeds will be used to pay all of the Company s direct and indirect construction costs and the other company s cost for the land (estimated to approximate $540,000). After all costs are covered, profits, if any, will be split equally by the two parties. 
   
 The investment in and advance to this joint venture amount is $13,315 as of December 31, 2015. 

9 

NOTE 6   REAL ESTATE LINE OF CREDIT  
   
 The Company entered into a land development line of credit with a financial institution for a total amount of $1,000,000 in connection with a joint venture agreement to build townhouses in Alpharetta, Georgia on December 21, 2015. The line of credit bears interest at 7.5% per annum and matures on December 21, 2017. Amounts advanced at December 31, 2015 amounted to $77,058. The line of credit is secured by the real estate being developed as townhomes for sale. Harry A. Beecham, Brent A. Beecham, and Michael R. Beecham have personally guaranteed the loan. 
     
  NOTE 7   SUBSEQUENT EVENTS  
   
 The Company has evaluated all events that occurred after the balance sheet date of December 31, 2015 through February 17, 2016, and identified the following reportable subsequent event: 
   
 On January 2, 2016, the Company entered into one executed contracts to serve as a general contractor on projects with estimated total revenue in excess of $1,100,000. 

10 

ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATION  
   
  Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements  
   
 Certain matters discussed in this interim report on Form 10-Q are forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements contained in this annual report involve risks and uncertainties, including statements as to: 

our future operating results, 
   
 our business prospects, 
   
 our contractual arrangements and relationships with third parties, 
   
 the dependence of our future success on the general economy and its impact on the industries in which we may be involved, 
   
 the adequacy of our cash resources and working capital, and 
   
 other factors identified in our filings with the SEC, press releases and other public communications. 
   
 These forward-looking statements can generally be identified as such because the context of the statement will include words such as we  believe,   anticipate,   expect,   estimate  or words of similar meaning. Similarly, statements that describe our future plans, objectives or goals are also forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties which are described in close proximity to such statements and which could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated as of the date of this Form 10-Q. Shareholders, potential investors and other readers are urged to consider these factors in evaluating the forward-looking statements and are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such forward-looking statements. The forward-looking statements included herein are only made as of the date of this report and we undertake no obligation to publicly update such forward-looking statements to reflect subsequent events or circumstances. 
   
 The following discussion and analysis provides information which management believes to be relevant to an assessment and understanding of the Company's results of operations and financial condition. This discussion should be read together with the Company's financial statements and the notes to financial statements, which are included in this report. 
   
 This management's discussion and analysis or plan of operation should be read in conjunction with the financial statements and notes thereto of the Company for the quarter ended December 31, 2015. Because of its nature of a development stage company, the reported results will not necessarily reflect the future. 
               
  Business Operations  
   
 During the three-month periods ended December 30, 2015 and 2014, the company devoted its efforts to restarting operations that its management had conducted prior to the recession of 2008 and 2009 that severely impacted the home building business. Operations for this period were: 

The revenue for the period relates to one project in 2015 and two projects in 2014. During the three months ended December 31, 2015, Beecham received several contracts the work for which will be performed in 2016. The Company also committed significant time in planning a townhouse project that is described below. General and administrative expenses in 2015 increased principally because of professional fees ($21,540), liability insurance ($6,351) and marketing ($5,818). 

11 

In December 2015: 
   
 The Company entered into an agreement with another company whereby the other company agreed to purchase land in Alpharetta, GA on which the Company will build and sell townhouses. When the townhouses are sold the collective proceeds will be used to pay all of the Company s direct and indirect construction costs and the other company s cost for the land (estimated to approximate $540,000). After all costs are covered, profits, if any, will be split equally by the two parties. 

The Company entered into a bank loan agreement for proceeds up to $1,000,000 to finance construction of the townhouse project of which $77,058 was drawn down at December 31, 2015. Harry A. Beecham, Brent A. Beecham, and Michael R. Beecham have personally guaranteed the loan and the land on which the project will be built has been pledged as collateral. 

The Company entered into four executed contracts to serve a general contractor with estimated total revenue in excess of $2,400,000. 

The Company also has received short-term loans aggregating $45,000 from the Company s chief executive officer. 

The Company is also negotiating several other General Contractor Agreements but cannot provide assurances as to the likelihood or timing of receiving these contracts. 
   
  Other  
   
 As a corporate policy, we will not incur any cash obligations that we cannot satisfy with known resources, of which there are currently none except as described in  Liquidity  below and/or elsewhere in this prospectus. We believe that the perception that many people, including potential customers and business associates, have of a public company make it more likely that they will be more likely to engage a public company for services or accept restricted securities from a public company as consideration for indebtedness to them than they would from a private company. We have not performed any studies of this matter. Our conclusion is based on our own observations. However, there can be no assurances that we will be successful in any of those efforts even if we are a public entity. Additionally, issuance of restricted shares would necessarily dilute the percentage of ownership interest of our stockholders. 
   
  Liquidity  
   
 Operating activities used $60,630 in cash for the three months ended December 31, 2015, as compared with $7,357 used for the three months ended December 31, 2014. Our negative operating cash flow for December 31, 2015 was mainly a result of our net loss and decrease in account payable or the period, offset by the effects of the decrease in accounts receivable. 
   
 Financing activities for the three months ended December 31, 2015 generated $122,058 in cash, as compared with cash flows provided by financing activities of $0 for the three months ended December 31, 2014. Proceeds from financing activities consisted primarily of proceeds from Loan 
   
 We currently have no committed source of funds. However, our current projects do not require significant independent financing since our customers generally make regular progress payments which are used to pay our contractors and vendors. 
   
 Our independent registered auditors included an explanatory paragraph in their opinion on our financial statements as of September 30, 2015, that states that our lack of resources causes substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. No assurances can be given that we will generate sufficient revenue or obtain any financing that may be necessary in order to continue as a going concern. 
   
  Off Balance Sheet Arrangements    
   
 We do not have any transactions, arrangements and other relationships with unconsolidated entities that will affect our liquidity or capital resources. We have no special purpose entities that provide off-balance sheet financing, liquidity or market or credit risk support, nor do we engage in swap agreements, or outsourcing of research and development services, that could expose us to liability that is not reflected on the face of our financial statements.   

12 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements  
   
 The Company has implemented all new accounting pronouncements that are in effect and that may impact its financial statements and does not believe that there are any other new accounting pronouncements that have been issued that might have a material impact on its financial position or results of operations.   
   
  Critical Accounting Policies  
     
 The preparation of financial statements and related notes requires us to make judgments, estimates, and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue and expenses, and related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. 
     
 An accounting policy is considered to be critical if it requires an accounting estimate to be made based on assumptions about matters that are highly uncertain at the time the estimate is made, and if different estimates that reasonably could have been used, or changes in the accounting estimates that are reasonably likely to occur periodically, could materially impact the financial statements. 
     
 Financial Reporting Release No. 60 requires all companies to include a discussion of critical accounting policies or methods used in the preparation of financial statements. Note 3 to the financial statements, included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, includes a summary of the significant accounting policies and methods used in the preparation of our financial statements.   
     
  Seasonality    
       
 We do not yet have a basis to determine whether our business will be seasonal. However, building gets disrupted during the winter months and also demand falls during economic downturns. 
     
  ITEM 3. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK  
   
 Pursuant to Item 305(e) of Regulation S-K (  229.305(e)), the Company is not required to provide the information required by this Item. 
     
  ITEM 4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES  
   
  Management s Report on Internal Controls over Disclosure Controls and Procedures and Financial Reporting  
   
 Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. The Company's internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles and to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed in the reports that the Company files or submits under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act ) is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms.. 
   
 Our internal control over disclosure controls and procedures and financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that: 

Pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the Company; 

Provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and 

that our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of the Company's management and directors; and 

Provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

13 

As of December 31, 2015, our management conducted an assessment of the effectiveness of the Company's disclosure controls and procedures and financial reporting. In making this assessment, management followed an approach based on the framework set forth in  Internal Control-Integrated Framework  issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (known as  COSO ). Based on this assessment, management determined that the Company's internal control over disclosure controls and procedures and financial reporting as of December 31, 2015 was effective. 
   
 During the quarter ended December 31, 2015, there were changes in the Company's internal control over financial reporting intended to enhance overall internal control over disclosure controls and procedures and financial reporting. 
   
 The Company s management, including the Company s CEO and CFO, does not expect that the Company s disclosure controls and procedures or the Company s internal controls will prevent all errors and all fraud. A control system, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. Further, the design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of the controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within the Company have been detected. 
   
 This quarterly report does not include an attestation report of the Company's registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. Management's report was not subject to attestation by the Company's registered public accounting firm pursuant to rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission that permit the Company to provide only management's report in this quarterly report. 

14 

PART II  
     
  ITEM 1. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS  
   
 None 
     
  ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS  
   
 You should be aware that there are various risks to an investment in our common stock. You should carefully consider these risk factors, together with all of the other information included in this Report, before you decide to invest in shares of our common stock. 
   
 If any of the following risks develop into actual events, then our business, financial condition, results of operations and/or prospects could be materially adversely affected. If that happens, the market price of our common stock, if any, could decline, and investors may lose all or part of their investment. 
   
   Risks Related to the Business   
   
   SBH is an early stage company and has limited financial resources. Our independent registered auditors  report includes an explanatory paragraph stating that there is substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern   .  
   
 SBH is an early stage company with a business plan but no financial resources. Our independent registered auditors included an explanatory paragraph in their opinion on our financial statements as of and for the fiscal period ended September 30, 2015 that states that this lack of resources causes substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. No assurances can be given that we will generate sufficient revenue or obtain necessary financing to continue as a going concern. 
   
   Our home sales and operating revenues could decline due to macro-economic and other factors outside of our control, such as changes in consumer confidence, declines in employment levels and increases in the quantity and decreases in the price of new homes and resale homes in the market.   
   
 Changes in national and regional economic conditions, as well as local economic conditions where we conduct our operations and where prospective purchasers of our homes live, may result in more caution on the part of homebuyers and, consequently, fewer home purchases. These economic uncertainties involve, among other things, conditions of supply and demand in local markets and changes in consumer confidence and income, employment levels and government regulations. These risks and uncertainties could periodically have an adverse effect on consumer demand and the pricing of our homes, which could cause our operating revenues to decline. Additional reductions in our revenues could, in turn, further negatively affect the market price of our securities. 
   
   The homebuilding industry is cyclical. A severe downturn in the industry, as recently experienced, could adversely affect our business, results of operations and stockholders' equity.   
   
 During periods of downturn in the industry, housing markets across the United States may experience an oversupply of both new and resale home inventory, an increase in foreclosures, reduced levels of consumer demand for new homes, increased cancellation rates, aggressive price competition among homebuilders and increased incentives for home sales. In the event of a downturn, we may temporarily experience a material reduction in revenues and margins. Continued weakness in the homebuilding market could adversely affect our business, results of operations and stockholders' equity as compared to prior periods and could result in additional inventory impairments in the future. 
   
   We are dependent on the continued availability and satisfactory performance of our subcontractors, which, if unavailable, could have a material adverse effect on our business.   
   
 We conduct our land development and construction operations only as a general contractor. Virtually all land development and construction work is performed by unaffiliated third-party subcontractors. As a consequence, we depend on the continued availability of and satisfactory performance by these subcontractors for the development of our land and construction of our homes. There may not be sufficient availability of and satisfactory performance by these unaffiliated third-party subcontractors in the markets in which we operate. In addition, inadequate subcontractor resources could have a material adverse effect on our business. 

15 

A substantial increase in mortgage interest rates, the unavailability of mortgage financing or a change in tax laws regarding the deductibility of mortgage interest may reduce consumer demand for our homes.   
     
 Substantially all purchasers of our homes finance their acquisition with mortgage financing. Housing demand is adversely affected by reduced availability of mortgage financing and factors that increase the upfront or monthly cost of financing a home such as increases in interest rates, insurance premiums, or limitations on mortgage interest deductibility. The recent decrease in the willingness and ability of lenders to make home mortgage loans, the tightening of lending standards and the limitation of financing product options, have made it more difficult for homebuyers to obtain acceptable financing. Any substantial increase in mortgage interest rates or unavailability of mortgage financing may adversely affect the ability of prospective first-time and move-up homebuyers to obtain financing for our homes, as well as adversely affect the ability of prospective move-up homebuyers to sell their current homes. A disruption in the credit markets and/or the curtailed availability of mortgage financing may adversely affect, our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows as it has in the past few years. 
   
   We are subject to extensive government regulation which could cause us to incur significant liabilities or restrict our business activities.   
   
 Regulatory requirements could cause us to incur significant liabilities and operating expenses and could restrict our business activities. We are subject to local, state and federal statutes and rules regulating, among other things, certain developmental matters, building and site design, and matters concerning the protection of health and the environment. Our operating expenses may be increased by governmental regulations such as building permit allocation ordinances and impact and other fees and taxes, which may be imposed to defray the cost of providing certain governmental services and improvements. Other governmental regulations, such as building moratoriums and  no growth  or  slow growth  initiatives, which may be adopted in communities which have developed rapidly, may cause delays in new home communities or otherwise restrict our business activities resulting in reductions in our revenues. Any delay or refusal from government agencies to grant us necessary licenses, permits and approvals could have an adverse effect on our operations. 
   
   We may be subject to significant potential liabilities as a result of construction defect, product liability and warranty claims made against us.   
   
 As a homebuilder, we are subject to construction defect, product liability and home warranty claims, including moisture intrusion and related claims, arising in the ordinary course of business. These claims are common to the homebuilding industry and can be costly. 
   
 With respect to certain general liability exposures, including construction defect claims, product liability claims and related claims, interpretation of underlying current and future trends, assessment of claims and the related liability and reserve estimation process is highly judgmental due to the complex nature of these exposures, with each exposure exhibiting unique circumstances. Furthermore, once claims are asserted for construction defects, it can be difficult to determine the extent to which the assertion of these claims will expand geographically. Although we have obtained insurance for construction defect claims subject to applicable self-insurance retentions, such policies may not be available or adequate to cover liability for damages, the cost of repairs, and/or the expense of litigation surrounding current claims, and future claims may arise out of events or circumstances not covered by insurance and not subject to effective indemnification agreements with our subcontractors. 
   
   Many of our potential competitors have significantly greater financial and marketing resources than do we.   
   
 Many of our potential competitors have significantly greater financial and marketing resources than do we. Many of these potential competitors have sophisticated management, are in a position to purchase inventory at the lowest prices and have the ability to advertise in a wide variety of media, including television. There are no assurances that our brand will be successful. 
   
   We are and will continue to be completely dependent on the services of our principal officers Harry A., Michael R. and Brent A. Beecham, the loss of whose services may cause our business operations to fail, and we will need to engage and retain qualified employees and consultants to further implement our strategy.   
   
 Our current operations and business strategy are completely dependent upon the knowledge and business connections of Harry A., Michael R. and Brent A. Beecham. They are under no contractual obligation to remain employed by us. If any or all of them should choose to leave us for any reason or if one or more becomes ill and is unable to work for an extended period of time before we have hired additional personnel, our operations will likely fail. Even if we are able to find additional personnel, it is uncertain whether we could find someone who could develop our business along the lines described herein. We will fail without the services of the Beechams or an appropriate replacement(s). 

16 

We intend to acquire key-man life insurance on the life of Michael R. and Brent A. Beecham naming SBH as the beneficiary when and if we obtain the resources to do so and if each is insurable. We have not yet procured such insurance, and there is no guarantee that we will be able to obtain such insurance in the future. Accordingly, it is important that we are able to attract, motivate and retain highly qualified and talented personnel and independent contractors. 
   
   We intend to become subject to the periodic reporting requirements of the Exchange Act that will require us to incur audit fees and legal fees in connection with the preparation of such reports. These additional costs could reduce or eliminate our ability to earn a profit.   
   
 We are required to file periodic reports with the SEC pursuant to the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. In order to comply with these requirements, our independent registered public accounting firm will have to review our financial statements on a quarterly basis and audit our financial statements on an annual basis. Moreover, our legal counsel will have to review and assist in the preparation of such reports. The costs charged by these professionals for such services cannot be accurately predicted at this time because factors such as the number and type of transactions that we engage in and the complexity of our reports cannot be determined at this time and will have a major effect on the amount of time to be spent by our auditors and attorneys. However, the incurrence of such costs will obviously be an expense to our operations and thus have a negative effect on our ability to meet our overhead requirements and earn a profit. If we cannot provide reliable financial reports or prevent fraud, our business and operating results could be harmed, investors could lose confidence in our reported financial information, and the trading price of our common stock, if a market ever develops, could drop significantly. 
   
   Our internal controls may be inadequate, which could cause our financial reporting to be unreliable and lead to misinformation being disseminated to the public.   
   
 Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. As defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f), internal control over financial reporting is a process designed by, or under the supervision of, the principal executive and principal financial officer and effected by the board of directors, management and other personnel, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles and includes those policies and procedures that: 

pertain to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the Company; 

provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the Company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and/or directors of the Company; and 

provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the Company's assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
   
 Our internal controls may become inadequate or ineffective if our operations grow, which could cause our financial reporting to be unreliable and lead to misinformation being disseminated to the public. Investors relying upon this misinformation may make an uninformed investment decision. 
   
   Risks Related to Our Common Stock   
   
   Shareholders may be diluted significantly through our efforts to obtain financing and satisfy obligations through issuance of additional shares of our common stock.   
   
 We have no committed source of financing. Wherever possible, our board of directors will attempt to use non-cash consideration to satisfy obligations. In many instances, we believe that the non-cash consideration will consist of restricted shares of our common stock. Our board of directors has authority, without action or vote of the shareholders, to issue all or part of the authorized but unissued shares. In addition, if a trading market develops for our common stock, we may attempt to raise capital by selling shares of our common stock, possibly at a discount to market. These actions will result in dilution of the ownership interests of existing shareholders may further dilute common stock book value, and that dilution may be material. 

17 

The interests of shareholders may be hurt because we can issue shares of our common stock to individuals or entities that support existing management with such issuances serving to enhance existing management s ability to maintain control of our Company.   
   
 Our president owns a significant majority of outstanding shares. In addition, our board of directors has authority, without action or vote of the shareholders, to issue all or part of the authorized but unissued common shares. Such issuances may be issued to parties or entities committed to supporting existing management and the interests of existing management which may not be the same as the interests of other shareholders. Although transactions, other than those described in this prospectus, are not currently being contemplated or discussed, our ability to issue shares without shareholder approval serves to enhance existing management s ability to maintain control of our Company or participate in other transactions, including entering into possible business combinations, without the support of other shareholders. 
   
   Our chief executive officer controls all corporate activities and can approve all transactions, including mergers, without the approval of other shareholders.   
   
 Our chief executive officer has a sufficient number of shares to control all corporate activities and can approve transactions, including possible mergers, issuance of shares and her compensation level, without the approval of other shareholders. Her decisions may not be in the best interests of other shareholders. 
   
   Our articles of incorporation provide for indemnification of officers and directors at our expense and limit their liability that may result in a major cost to us and hurt the interests of our shareholders because corporate resources may be expended for the benefit of officers and/or directors.   
   
 Our Articles of Incorporation at Article XI provide for indemnification as follows:  No director or officer of the Corporation shall be personally liable to the Corporation or any of its stockholders for damages for breach of fiduciary duty as a director or officer; provided, however, that the foregoing provision shall not eliminate or limit the liability of a director or officer: (i) for acts or omissions which involve intentional misconduct, fraud or knowing violation of law; or (ii) the payment of dividends in violation of Section 78.300 of the Nevada Revised Statutes. Any repeal or modification of an Article by the stockholders of the Corporation shall be prospective only, and shall not adversely affect any limitation of the personal liability of a director or officer of the Corporation for acts or omissions prior to such repeal or modification.  
   
 We have been advised that, in the opinion of the SEC, indemnification for liabilities arising under federal securities laws is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act of 1933 and is, therefore, unenforceable. In the event that a claim for indemnification for liabilities arising under federal securities laws, other than the payment by us of expenses incurred or paid by a director, officer or controlling person in the successful defense of any action, suit or proceeding, is asserted by a director, officer or controlling person in connection with our activities, we will (unless in the opinion of our counsel, the matter has been settled by controlling precedent) submit to a court of appropriate jurisdiction, the question whether indemnification by us is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act and will be governed by the final adjudication of such issue. The legal process relating to this matter if it were to occur is likely to be very costly and may result in us receiving negative publicity, either of which factors is likely to materially reduce the market and price for our shares, if such a market ever develops. 
   
   Currently, there is no established public market for our securities, and there can be no assurances that any established public market will ever develop or that our common stock will be quoted for trading and, even if quoted, it is likely to be subject to significant price fluctuations.   
   
 There is currently no established public market whatsoever for our securities. A market maker has filed an application with FINRA on our behalf so as to be able to quote the shares of our common stock on the OTCQB maintained by FINRA. There can be no assurance that the market maker s application will be accepted by FINRA nor can we estimate as to the time period that the application will require or that any buying of our shares will ever take place. 
   
 Because of the anticipated low price of the securities being registered, many brokerage firms may not be willing to effect transactions in these securities. Purchasers of our securities should be aware that any market that develops in our stock will be subject to the penny stock restrictions. 
   
 We also believe that it is extremely unlikely that we will be able to raise the funds necessary to complete our planning and start producing and marketing our products until and unless we receive a trading symbol. 

18 

Our shares may not become eligible to be traded electronically which would result in brokerage firms being unwilling to trade them.   
   
 If we become able to have our shares of common stock quoted on the OTCQB, we will then try, through a broker-dealer and its clearing firm, to become eligible with the Depository Trust Company ( DTC ) to permit our shares to trade electronically. If an issuer is not  DTC-eligible,  then its shares cannot be electronically transferred between brokerage accounts, which, based on the realities of the marketplace as it exists today (especially the OTCQB), means that shares of a company will not be traded (technically the shares can be traded manually between accounts, but this takes days and is not a realistic option for companies relying on broker dealers for stock transactions - like all companies on the OTCQB. What this boils down to is that while DTC-eligibility is not a requirement to trade on the OTCQB, it is a necessity to process trades on the OTCQB if a company s stock is going to trade with any volume. There are no assurances that our shares will ever become DTC-eligible or, if they do, how long it will take. 
   
   Any market that develops in shares of our common stock will be subject to the penny stock regulations and restrictions pertaining to low priced stocks that will create a lack of liquidity and make trading difficult or impossible.   
   
 Our shares will be considered a  penny stock.  Rule 3a51-1 of the Exchange Act establishes the definition of a  penny stock,  for purposes relevant to us, as any equity security that has a minimum bid price of less than $5.00 per share or with an exercise price of less than $5.00 per share, subject to a limited number of exceptions which are not available to us. This classification will severely and adversely affects any market liquidity for our common stock. 
   
   The market for penny stocks has experienced numerous frauds and abuses that could adversely impact investors in our stock.   
   
 Company management believes that the market for penny stocks has suffered from patterns of fraud and abuse. Such patterns include: 

Control of the market for the security by one or a few broker-dealers that are often related to the promoter or issuer; 

Manipulation of prices through prearranged matching of purchases and sales and false and misleading press releases; 

Boiler room  practices involving high pressure sales tactics and unrealistic price projections by sales persons; 

Excessive and undisclosed bid-ask differentials and markups by selling broker-dealers; and 

Wholesale dumping of the same securities by promoters and broker-dealers after prices have been manipulated to a desired level, along with the inevitable collapse of those prices with consequent investor losses. 
   
   Any trading market that may develop may be restricted by virtue of state securities  Blue Sky  laws that prohibit trading absent compliance with individual state laws. These restrictions may make it difficult or impossible to sell shares in those states.   
   
 There is currently no established public market for our common stock, and there can be no assurance that any established public market will develop in the foreseeable future. Transfer of our common stock may also be restricted under the securities or securities regulations laws promulgated by various states and foreign jurisdictions, commonly referred to as  Blue Sky  laws. Absent compliance with such individual state laws, our common stock may not be traded in such jurisdictions. Because the securities registered hereunder have not been registered for resale under the blue sky laws of any state, the holders of such shares and persons who desire to purchase them in any trading market that might develop in the future, should be aware that there may be significant state blue sky law restrictions upon the ability of investors to sell the securities and of purchasers to purchase the securities. These restrictions prohibit the secondary trading of our common stock. We currently do not intend to and may not be able to qualify securities for resale in at least 17 states which do not offer manual exemptions (or may offer manual exemptions but may not to offer one to us if we are considered to be a shell company at the time of application) and require shares to be qualified before they can be resold by our shareholders. Accordingly, investors should consider the secondary market for our securities to be a limited one. 

19 

Our board of directors has the authority, without stockholder approval, to issue preferred stock with terms that may not be beneficial to common stockholders and with the ability to affect adversely stockholder voting power and perpetuate their control over us.   
   
 Our articles of incorporation allow us to issue shares of preferred stock without any vote or further action by our stockholders. Our board of directors has the authority to fix and determine the relative rights and preferences of preferred stock. Our board of directors also has the authority to issue preferred stock without further stockholder approval, including large blocks of preferred stock. As a result, our board of directors could authorize the issuance of a series of preferred stock that would grant to holders the preferred right to our assets upon liquidation, the right to receive dividend payments before dividends are distributed to the holders of common stock and the right to the redemption of the shares, together with a premium, prior to the redemption of our common stock. 
   
   The ability of our principal officers to control our business may limit or eliminate minority shareholders  ability to influence corporate affairs.   
   
 Our principal officers will beneficially own a majority of our outstanding common stock. Because of this beneficial stock ownership, our principal officers will be in a position to continue to elect our board of directors, decide all matters requiring stockholder approval, including potential mergers or business changes, and determine our policies. The interests of our principal officers may differ from the interests of other shareholders with respect to the issuance of shares, business transactions with or sales to other companies, selection of officers and directors and other business decisions. The minority shareholders would have no way of overriding decisions made by our principal officers. This level of control may also have an adverse impact on the market value of our shares because our principal officers may institute or undertake transactions, policies or programs that may result in losses, may not take any steps to increase our visibility in the financial community and  /  or may sell sufficient numbers of shares to significantly decrease our price per share. 
   
   A significant portion of our presently issued and outstanding common shares are restricted under rule 144 of the Securities Act, as amended. When the restriction on any or all of these shares is lifted, and the shares are sold in the open market, the price of our common stock could be adversely affected.   
   
 A significant portion of the presently outstanding shares of common stock is considered  restricted securities  as defined under Rule 144 promulgated under the Securities Act and may only be sold pursuant to an effective registration statement or an exemption from registration, if available. Rule 144 provides in essence that a person who is not an affiliate and has held restricted securities for a prescribed period of at least six months if purchased from a reporting issuer or 12 months (as is the case herein) if purchased from a non-reporting Company, may, under certain conditions, sell all or any of his/her shares without volume limitation, in brokerage transactions. Affiliates, however, may not sell shares in excess of 1% of the Company s outstanding common stock each three months. As a result of revisions to Rule 144 which became effective on February 15, 2008, there is no limit on the amount of restricted securities that may be sold by a non-affiliate (i.e., a stockholder who has not been an officer, director or control person for at least 90 consecutive days) after the restricted securities have been held by the owner for the aforementioned prescribed period of time. A sale under Rule 144 or under any other exemption from the Act, if available, or pursuant to registration of shares of common stock of present stockholders, may have a depressive effect upon the price of the common stock in any market that may develop. 
   
   We do not expect to pay cash dividends in the foreseeable future.   
   
 We have never paid cash dividends on our common stock. We do not expect to pay cash dividends on our common stock at any time in the foreseeable future. The future payment of dividends directly depends upon our future earnings, capital requirements, financial requirements and other factors that our board of directors will consider. Since we do not anticipate paying cash dividends on our common stock, return on your investment, if any, will depend solely on an increase, if any, in the market value of our common stock. 
   
   Because we are not subject to compliance with rules requiring the adoption of certain corporate governance measures, our stockholders have limited protection against interested director transactions, conflicts of interest and similar matters.   
   
 The Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, as well as rule changes proposed and enacted by the SEC, the New York and American Stock Exchanges and the Nasdaq Stock Market, as a result of Sarbanes-Oxley, require the implementation of various measures relating to corporate governance. These measures are designed to enhance the integrity of corporate management and the securities markets and apply to securities that are listed on those exchanges or the Nasdaq Stock Market. Because we are not presently required to comply with many of the corporate governance provisions and because we chose to avoid incurring the substantial additional costs associated with such compliance any sooner than legally required, we have not yet adopted these measures. 

20 

Because we do not have any independent directors, we do not currently have independent audit or compensation committees. As a result, our president (who is the only director) has the ability, among other things, to determine her own level of compensation. Until we comply with such corporate governance measures, regardless of whether such compliance is required, the absence of such standards of corporate governance may leave our stockholders without protections against interested director transactions, conflicts of interest, if any, and similar matters and investors may be reluctant to provide us with funds necessary to expand our operations. 
   
 We intend to comply with all corporate governance measures relating to director independence as and when required. However, we may find it very difficult or be unable to attract and retain qualified officers, directors and members of board committees required to provide for our effective management as a result of Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. The enactment of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 has resulted in a series of rules and regulations by the SEC that increase responsibilities and liabilities of directors and executive officers. The perceived increased personal risk associated with these recent changes may make it more costly to attract qualified individuals to accept these roles. 
   
   You may have limited access to information regarding our business because our obligations to file periodic reports with the SEC could be automatically suspended under certain circumstances.   
   
 As of effectiveness of our registration statement of which this prospectus is a part, we will be required to file periodic reports with the SEC which will be immediately available to the public for inspection and copying (see  Where You Can Find More Information  elsewhere in this prospectus). Except during the year that our registration statement becomes effective, these reporting obligations may (in our discretion) be automatically suspended under Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act if we have less than 300 shareholders and do not file a registration statement on Form 8A (which we have no current plans to file). If this occurs after the year in which our registration statement becomes effective, we will no longer be obligated to file periodic reports with the SEC and your access to our business information would then be even more restricted. After this registration statement on Form S-1 becomes effective, we will be required to deliver periodic reports to security holders. However, we will not be required to furnish proxy statements to security holders and our directors, officers and principal beneficial owners will not be required to report their beneficial ownership of securities to the SEC pursuant to Section 16 of the Exchange Act. Previously, a company with more than 500 shareholders of record and $10 million in assets had to register under the Exchange Act. However, the JOBS Act raises the minimum shareholder threshold from 500 to either 2,000 persons or 500 persons who are not  accredited investors  (or 2,000 persons in the case of banks and bank holding companies). The JOBS Act excludes securities received by employees pursuant to employee stock incentive plans for purposes of calculating the shareholder threshold. This means that access to information regarding our business and operations will be limited. 
   
   If our stock becomes quoted on the OTCQB, we could subsequently be removed from the OTCQB if we fail to remain current with our financial reporting requirements.   
   
 Companies trading on the OTCQB must be reporting issuers under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and must be current in their reports under Section 13, in order to maintain price quotation privileges on the OTCQB. If we become quoted on the OTCQB, but we fail to remain current in our reporting requirements, we would be removed from the OTCQB. As a result, the market liquidity of our securities could be severely adversely affected by limiting the ability of broker-dealers to trade our securities and the ability of stockholders to sell their securities in the secondary market. 
   
   Our financial statements may not be comparable to those of companies that comply with new or revised accounting standards.   
   
 We have elected to take advantage of the benefits of the extended transition period that Section 107 of the JOBS Act provides an emerging growth company, as provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act for complying with new or revised accounting standards. Our financial statements may, therefore, not be comparable to those of companies that comply with such new or revised accounting standards. Because the JOBS Act has only recently been enacted, we cannot predict if investors will find our common stock less attractive because we may rely on these exemptions. If some investors find our common stock less attractive as a result, there may be a less active trading market for our common stock and our stock price may be more volatile. 
   
   Our status as an  emerging growth company  under the JOBS Act OF 2012 may make it more difficult to raise capital when we need to do so.   
   
 Because of the exemptions from various reporting requirements provided to us as an  emerging growth company  and because we will have an extended transition period for complying with new or revised financial accounting standards, we may be less attractive to investors and it may be difficult for us to raise additional capital as and when we need it. Investors may be unable to compare our business with other companies in our industry if they believe that our financial accounting is not as transparent as other companies in our industry. If we are unable to raise additional capital as and when we need it, our financial condition and results of operations may be materially and adversely affected. 

21 

We will incur increased costs and demands upon management as a result of complying with the laws and regulations that affect public companies, which could materially adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition, business and prospects.   
   
 As a public company and particularly after we cease to be an  emerging growth company,  we will incur significant legal, accounting and other expenses that we did not incur as a private company, including costs associated with public company reporting and corporate governance requirements. These requirements include compliance with provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, or the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, as well as rules implemented by the SEC and NASDAQ. In addition, our management team will also have to adapt to the requirements of being a public company. We expect that compliance with these rules and regulations will substantially increase our legal and financial compliance costs and will make some activities more time-consuming and costly. 
   
 The increased costs associated with operating as a public company will decrease our net income or increase our net loss, and may require us to reduce costs in other areas of our business or increase the prices of our products or services. Additionally, if these requirements divert our management s attention from other business concerns, they could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition, business and prospects. 
   
 However, for as long as we remain an  emerging growth company  as defined in the JOBS Act, we may take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not  emerging growth companies  including not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements and exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and shareholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. We may take advantage of these reporting exemptions until we are no longer an  emerging growth company.  
   
   We will not be required to comply with certain provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act for as long as we remain an  emerging growth company.    
   
 We are not currently required to comply with the SEC rules that implement Sections 302 and 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, and are therefore not required to make a formal assessment of the effectiveness of our internal controls over financial reporting for that purpose. Upon becoming a public company, we will be required to comply with certain of these rules, which will require management to certify financial and other information in our quarterly and annual reports and provide an annual management report on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. Though we will be required to disclose changes made in our internal control procedures on a quarterly basis, we will not be required to make our first annual assessment of our internal control over financial reporting pursuant to Section 404 until the later of (i) the year following our first annual report required to be filed with the SEC or (ii) the date we are no longer an  emerging growth company  as defined in the JOBS Act. 
   
 Our independent registered public accounting firm is not required to formally attest to the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting until the later of the year following our first annual report required to be filed with the SEC, or the date we are no longer an  emerging growth company.  At such time, our independent registered public accounting firm may issue a report that is adverse in the event it is not satisfied with the level at which our controls are documented, designed or operating. 
   
   Reduced disclosure requirements applicable to emerging growth companies may make our common stock less attractive to investors.   
   
 As an  emerging growth company,  we may take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not  emerging growth companies  including not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements and exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and shareholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. We cannot predict if investors will find our common stock less attractive because we may rely on these exemptions. If some investors find our common stock less attractive as a result, there may be a less active trading market for our common stock and our stock price may be more volatile. 
   
  For all of the foregoing reasons and others set forth herein, an investment in our securities involves a high degree of risk.  

22 

ITEM 2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS  
   
 None 
     
  ITEM .3 DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES  
   
 None 
     
  ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES  
   
 N/A 
     
  ITEM 5. OTHER INFORMATION  
   
 None 
     
  ITEM 6. EXHIBITS  

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 
   
  SBH Associates, Inc.  
        (Registrant) 

Date: October 7, 2016 
 By:   /s/ MICHAEL R. BEECHAM   
 Michael R. Beecham 
 Chief Executive Officer 

23 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 f10qa123115_ex31z1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1 SECTION 302 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 Section 302 Certification 

Exhibit 31.1   
   
   Section 302 Certification of Chief Executive Officer    

I, Michael R. Beecham, certify that: 
   
 1. 
 I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of SBH Associates, Inc.  
   
 2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this quarterly report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this quarterly report; 
   
 3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this quarterly report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this quarterly report; 
   
 4. 
 I am responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:  
   
 a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;  
   
 b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; and  
   
 c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report my conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and  
   
 d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
   
 5. 
 I have disclosed, based on my most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
   
 a) 
 all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
   
 b) 
 any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.  

Date: October 7, 2016  
 By:  /s/    MICHAEL R. BEECHAM   
 Michael R. Beecham 
 Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 f10qa123115_ex31z2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2 SECTION 302 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.2 Section 302 Certification 

Exhibit 31.2   
   
   Section 302 Certification of Chief Financial Officer   

I, Brent A. Beecham, certify that: 
   
 1. 
 I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of SBH Associates, Inc.  
   
 2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this quarterly report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this quarterly report; 
   
 3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this quarterly report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this quarterly report; 
   
 4. 
 I am responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:  
   
 a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;  
   
 b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; and  
   
 c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report my conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and  
   
 d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
   
 5. 
 I have disclosed, based on my most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
   
 a) 
 all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
   
 b) 
 any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.  

Date: October 7, 2016  
  By:  /s/    BRENT A. BEECHAM   
 Brent A. Beecham 
 Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 f10qa123115_ex32z1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1 SECTION 906 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1 Section 906 Certification 

Exhibit 32.1  
   
  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO   
  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002   

In connection with the Quarterly Report of SBH Associates, Inc. (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the period ended December 31, 2015 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Michael R. Beecham, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.   1350, as adopted pursuant to   906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to my knowledge: 
   
 1. 
 The Report fully complies with requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 
   
 2. 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations of the Company. 

Date: October 7, 2016  
  By:  /s/    MICHAEL R. BEECHAM   
 Michael R. Beecham 
 Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 f10qa123115_ex32z2.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2 SECTION 906 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.2 Section 906 Certification 

Exhibit 32.2  
   
  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO   
  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002   

In connection with the Quarterly Report of SBH Associates, Inc. (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the period ended December 31, 2015 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Brent A. Beecham, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.   1350, as adopted pursuant to   906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to my knowledge: 
   
 1. 
 The Report fully complies with requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 
   
 2. 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations of the Company. 

Date: October 7, 2016  
  By:   /s/ BRENT A. BEECHAM   
 Brent A. Beecham 
 Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32.2>

