<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161108_10-Q_edgar_data_884731_0000884731-16-000114_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>6870016</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>202252</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>423564</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1940606</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2976650</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1212234</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>46</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000884731-16-000114.hdr.sgml : 20161108
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161108173216
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000884731-16-000114
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		78
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161108
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161108

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			ARIAD PHARMACEUTICALS INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000884731
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BIOLOGICAL PRODUCTS (NO DIAGNOSTIC SUBSTANCES) [2836]
		IRS NUMBER:				223106987
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-36172
		FILM NUMBER:		161982203

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		26 LANDSDOWNE ST
		CITY:			CAMBRIDGE
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			02139
		BUSINESS PHONE:		6174940400

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		26 LANDSDOWNE
		CITY:			CAMBRIDGE
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			02139

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000884731-16-000114.txt : 20161108

10-Q
 1
 a2016q310-q.htm
 10-Q Q3 2016 FILING

Document 

Table of Contents  

UNITED STATES 
  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
  WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 

FORM   10-Q 

(Mark One) 
            QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
  For the quarterly period ended   September 30, 2016    
  OR 
    
           TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
  For the transition period from                          to                        
  Commission file number 001-36172    

ARIAD Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 
  (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)    

Registrant s telephone number, including area code: (617) 494-0400 
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.    Yes           No      
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).    Yes           No      
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): 
                           Large accelerated filer 

Accelerated filer 

Non-accelerated filer 
      
        (Do not check if a smaller reporting company) 
       
    Smaller reporting company 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).    Yes           No      
    
  The number of shares of the registrant s common stock outstanding as of   October 31, 2016   was   194,200,862  .  

Table of Contents  

ARIAD PHARMACEUTICALS, INC. 
    
  TABLE OF CONTENTS 

PART I. 
      
     FINANCIAL INFORMATION  
    1 
      Item 1: 
      
     UNAUDITED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
    1 

Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets - September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015  
    1 

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015  
    2 

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015  
    3 

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015  
    4 

Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements  
    5 

Item 2: 
      
     MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS  
    24 
      Item 3: 
      
     QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK  
    37 
      Item 4: 
      
     CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES  
    38 
      PART II. 
      
     OTHER INFORMATION  
    38 
      Item 1: 
      
     LEGAL PROCEEDINGS  
    38 
      Item 1A: 
      
     RISK FACTORS  
    38 
      Item 6: 
      
     EXHIBITS  
    39 

SIGNATURES  
    40 

EXHIBIT INDEX  
    41 

Table of Contents  

PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
   
  ITEM 1: UNAUDITED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

ARIAD PHARMACEUTICALS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

See notes to unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 
  
   1 

Table of Contents  

ARIAD PHARMACEUTICALS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

See notes to unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 
  
   2 

Table of Contents  

ARIAD PHARMACEUTICALS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) 

See notes to unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 
  
   3 

Table of Contents  

ARIAD PHARMACEUTICALS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

See notes to unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 
  
   4 

Table of Contents  

ARIAD PHARMACEUTICALS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

1  . Business  
    
  Nature of Business 
    
  Unless the context requires otherwise, references to  ARIAD,   Company,   we,   our,  and  us,  in this quarterly report refer to ARIAD Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and its subsidiaries.   
    
  Headquartered in Cambridge, Massachusetts, ARIAD is focused on discovering, developing and commercializing precision therapies for patients with rare cancers. ARIAD is working on new medicines to advance the treatment of rare forms of chronic and acute leukemia, lung cancer and other rare cancers.  
    
  The Company has one approved cancer medicine, Iclusig  (ponatinib), for the treatment of certain patients with chronic myeloid leukemia ( CML ) and Philadelphia chromosome positive acute lymphoblastic leukemia ( Ph+ ALL ). The Company sells Iclusig directly in the United States and has partnered with third parties to commercialize Iclusig in selected territories throughout the rest of the world, including Europe, Japan and the Far East, Canada, Australia, Latin America, Israel and the Middle East and North Africa. The Company is also developing Iclusig in earlier lines of therapy and for additional cancer indications.  
    
  In addition to Iclusig, the Company is developing two product candidates for the treatment of certain rare forms of lung cancer.  Brigatinib is the Company s next most advanced drug candidate, which it is developing for the treatment of certain patients with a form of non-small cell lung cancer, or NSCLC. The Company has completed enrollment in a pivotal Phase 2 clinical trial of brigatinib and submitted a new drug application, or NDA, in the United States for the treatment of patients with anaplastic lymphoma kinase, or ALK, positive NSCLC who are resistant to the drug crizotinib.  The Company is also studying brigatinib in a Phase 3 clinical trial as a potential first-line therapy.  AP32788 is the Company s most recently discovered drug candidate, and is being developed for the treatment of patients with NSCLC with specific mutations in the EGFR or HER2 kinases.  The Company is currently studying AP32788 in a Phase 1/2 clinical trial.   
    
  In addition to its clinical development programs, the Company has a focused drug discovery program centered on small-molecule therapies that are molecularly targeted to cell-signaling pathways implicated in cancer, and is also exploring potential new opportunities in immuno-oncology using our expertise in kinase inhibitors. 
   
  2.  Significant Accounting Policies 
  Basis of Presentation  
  The accompanying condensed consolidated financial statements are unaudited. The Company has prepared the condensed consolidated financial statements pursuant to the rules and regulations of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ) regarding interim financial reporting. Accordingly, they do not include all of the information and footnotes required by accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America for complete financial statements and should be read in conjunction with the Company s audited financial statements included in the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015  . The condensed consolidated balance sheet as of   December 31, 2015   was derived from the audited consolidated balance sheet included in the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015  .  
  The Company has prepared the accompanying condensed consolidated financial statements on the same basis as its audited financial statements, and these financial statements include all adjustments, consisting only of normal recurring adjustments, necessary for a fair presentation of the results of the interim periods presented. The operating results for the interim periods presented are not necessarily indicative of the results expected for the full year   2016  .  
  The Company's significant accounting policies were described in Note 1 to its consolidated financial statements included in its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015. There have been no significant changes to the Company's accounting policies since December 31, 2015. 
  
   5 

     Table of Contents  

Foreign Currency 
  The net total of realized and unrealized transaction losses and gains was a loss of   $34 thousand   and a gain of   $0.2 million  , respectively, for the three month periods ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  .  The net total of realized and unrealized transaction losses and gains was a loss of   $0.9 million   and a gain of   $0.8 million  , respectively, for the   nine  -month periods ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  . 

Marketable Securities 
  Marketable securities consist of   687,139   shares of common stock of REGENXBIO, Inc. ( REGENXBIO ), which became a publicly traded company in September 2015. At   September 30, 2016  , these shares had a value of   $9.6 million  . The Company obtained these shares in connection with a license agreement it entered into with REGENXBIO in November 2010 for certain gene expression regulation technology. The Company was restricted from trading these securities until March 14, 2016 pursuant to an agreement it entered into with REGENXBIO. The Company has classified these shares as  available for sale  investments and recognized an unrealized gain of   $4.1 million   and an unrealized loss of   $1.8 million   for the   three and nine  -month periods ended   September 30, 2016  , respectively, using a Level 1 valuation input, which has been excluded from the determination of net income (loss) and is recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss), a separate component of stockholders  equity, in the   three and nine  -month periods ended   September 30, 2016  . These shares had been accounted for using the equity method with a carrying value of   zero   due to losses incurred by REGENXBIO in previous years.  
    
  Accrued Rent 
    
  The Company recognizes rent expense for leases with increasing annual rents on a straight-line basis over the term of the lease. The amount of rent expense in excess of cash payments is classified as accrued rent. Any lease incentives received are deferred and amortized over the term of the lease. At   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , the amount of accrued rent was   $3.6 million   and   $5.4 million   for each period. At September 30, 2016, the total accrued rent balance of   $3.6 million   was included in other current liabilities. Of the   $5.4 million   of accrued rent at   December 31, 2015  ,   $4.8 million   was included in other long-term liabilities, with the remaining   $0.6 million   included in other current liabilities. 
  Product Revenue, Net 
  The following table summarizes the activity in each of the product revenue allowances and reserve categories for the   nine  -month period ended   September 30, 2016  : 

6 

     Table of Contents  

The adjustments recorded during the three-months ended June 30, 2016 relate to the Incyte transaction, including the sale of ARIAD's European operations.  See Note 3.  As part of the transaction, the allowance and reserves relating to ARIAD's European subsidiaries transferred to Incyte. 
    
  In 2012, prior to the Company obtaining marketing authorization for Iclusig in Europe, the French regulatory authority granted an   Autorisation Temporaire d Utilisation   (ATU), or Temporary Authorization for Use, for Iclusig for the treatment of patients with CML and Ph+ ALL under a nominative program on a patient-by-patient basis.  Upon completion of this program, the Company became eligible to ship Iclusig directly to customers in France as of October 1, 2013. 
    
  Negotiations with the Economic Committee on Health Care Products in France regarding pricing and reimbursement for Iclusig concluded during the quarter ended June 30, 2016.  As a result, the Company recorded revenue of   $25.5 million   related to cumulative shipments to customers in France during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 (  $22.5 million   is related to shipments through 2015 and   $3.0 million   is related to shipments in 2016 through May 31, 2016). The revenue recorded in 2016 related to product shipments in France prior to the close of the transaction with Incyte on June 1, 2016.  At   September 30, 2016  , the Company has recorded a liability in the amount of   $4.5 million   recorded within Other Current Liabilities related to the clawback settlement based on the final approved price of Iclusig with the Ministry of Health in France, which represents the amount the Company expects to remit to the Ministry of Health. 
    
  The Company has entered into distributor arrangements for Iclusig outside of the United States, including Australia, Canada, Latin America, the Middle East and North Africa, and Japan and the Far East. The Company recognizes net product revenue from sales of Iclusig under these arrangements when all criteria for revenue recognition have been satisfied. In addition, the Company has out-licensed rights to commercialize Iclusig to Incyte in the European Union and other countries, including Switzerland, Norway, Turkey, Israel and Russia, and receives royalties on sales of Iclusig in these countries since June 1, 2016.   
  Concentration of Credit Risk 
  Financial instruments that potentially subject the Company to concentrations of credit risk consist of accounts receivable from customers and cash held at financial institutions. The Company believes that such customers and financial institutions are of high credit quality. As of   September 30, 2016  , a portion of the Company s cash and cash equivalent accounts were concentrated at a single financial institution, which potentially exposes the Company to credit risks. The Company does not believe that there is significant risk of non-performance by the financial institution and the Company s cash on deposit at this financial institution is fully liquid. 
  For the three-month period ended   September 30, 2016  ,   two   individual customers accounted for   73 percent   and   17 percent   of total revenue. For the nine-month period ended   September 30, 2016  ,   one   individual customer accounted for   61   percent of total revenue. For the   three and nine  -month period ended   September 30,     2015  ,   one   individual customer accounted for   70 percent   and   74 percent   of total revenue, respectively. As of   September 30, 2016  ,   two   customers accounted for   60 percent   and   39 percent   of accounts receivable. As of   September 30, 2015  ,   one   individual customer accounted for   61 percent   of accounts receivable. No other customer accounted for more than   10   percent of net product revenue for either   2016   or   2015   or accounts receivable as of either   September 30,     2016   or   December 31, 2015  .  
  Segment Reporting and Geographic Information 
  The Company organizes itself into   one   operating segment reporting to the Chief Executive Officer. For the three-month periods ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , total revenue from customers outside the United States totaled   27 percent   and   30 percent  , respectively. For the   nine  -month periods ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , total revenue from customers outside the United States totaled   39 percent   and   26 percent  , respectively. For the   nine  -month period ended   September 30, 2016  ,   17 percent   of total revenue was generated from customers in France. Long lived assets outside the United States totaled   $0   and   $1.4 million   at   September 30,     2016   and   December 31, 2015   respectively. The decrease in revenue and long lived assets outside the U.S. for the comparative period is driven by the sale of European operations during the second quarter of 2016.  
  
   7 

     Table of Contents  

Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
    
  On February 25, 2016, the FASB issued ASU No.  2016-02-  Leases   (Topic 842), which provides new guidance on the accounting for leases. The provisions of this guidance are effective for annual periods beginning after December 31, 2018, and for interim periods therein. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of this new standard on its financial statements. 
    
  In November 2015, the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-17, Income Taxes (Topic 740): Balance Sheet Classification   of Deferred Taxes   ( ASU 2015-17 ), which simplifies the presentation of deferred income taxes. ASU 2015-17 requires that deferred tax assets and liabilities, and any related valuation allowance, be classified as noncurrent in a classified statement of financial position. ASU 2015-17 is effective for financial statements issued for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2016 (and interim periods within those fiscal years) with early adoption permitted. ASU 2015-17 may be either applied prospectively to all deferred tax assets and liabilities or retrospectively to all periods presented. The Company does not believe that adoption of this standard will have a material impact on the financial statements.  
    
  In May 2014, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) issued a comprehensive new standard which amends revenue recognition principles and provides a single set of criteria for revenue recognition among all industries. The new standard provides a five step framework whereby revenue is recognized when promised goods or services are transferred to a customer at an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. The standard also requires enhanced disclosures pertaining to revenue recognition in both interim and annual periods. The standard is effective for interim and annual periods beginning after December 15, 2017 and allows for adoption using a full retrospective method, or a modified retrospective method. Entities may elect to early adopt the standard for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2016. The Company is currently assessing the method of adoption and the expected impact the new standard has on its financial position and results of operations. 

3. Incyte Transaction 
    
  On May 9, 2016, ARIAD (as guarantor) and its wholly-owned subsidiary ARIAD Pharmaceuticals (Cayman) L.P. (the  Seller ) entered into a Share Purchase Agreement (the  Share Purchase Agreement ) with Incyte Corporation ( Incyte ) (as guarantor) and its wholly-owned subsidiary Incyte Europe S.a.r.l. ( Incyte Europe ), pursuant to which Incyte Europe agreed to acquire from the Seller all of the outstanding shares of ARIAD Pharmaceuticals (Luxembourg) S.a.r.l., the parent company of ARIAD s European subsidiaries responsible for the commercialization of Iclusig  (ponatinib) in the European Union and other countries, including Switzerland, Norway, Turkey, Israel and Russia (the  Territory ), for an upfront payment of   $140.0 million   (the  Upfront Payment ) subject to adjustment for estimated closing working capital balances. 
    
  In connection with the closing of the transactions on June 1, 2016, the parties also entered into an Amended and Restated Buy-in License Agreement between ARIAD, Incyte (as guarantor) and ARIAD Pharmaceuticals (Europe) S.a.r.l., one of the entities that was acquired by Incyte through the Share Purchase Agreement (the  License Agreement ). Under the terms of the License Agreement, Incyte was granted an exclusive license to develop and commercialize Iclusig in the Territory (the  License ). ARIAD is entitled to receive tiered royalties from Incyte of between   32 percent   and   50 percent   of net sales of Iclusig in the Territory (the  Royalty Payments ). The Royalty Payments will be subject to adjustment for certain events, including events related to the expiration of statutory or regulatory exclusivity periods for the commercialization of Iclusig in the Territory. In addition, ARIAD is eligible to receive up to   $135 million   in potential development and regulatory milestones for Iclusig in new oncology indications in the Territory, together with additional milestones for non-oncology indications, if approved, in the Territory (the "Milestone Payments"). Incyte has agreed to contribute up to   $7.0 million   in each of 2016 and 2017 to fund ARIAD s OPTIC and OPTIC-2L clinical trials ("Development Costs"). Incyte will also pay ARIAD for any required product supply at a price reflecting ARIADs cost to manufacture. 
    
  The terms of the License Agreement also include an option (the  Option ) for an acquirer of ARIAD to re-purchase the licensed rights from Incyte, subject to certain conditions. Upon exercise of the Option, ARIAD s acquirer would be required to make a payment to Incyte equivalent to the Upfront Payment and any Milestone Payments or  
  
   8 

     Table of Contents  

Development Costs previously paid to ARIAD, and an additional payment based on Iclusig sales in the Territory in the 12 months immediately prior to the exercise of the Option. Following exercise of the Option, Incyte would also be eligible to receive royalties of ranging from   20 percent   to   25 percent   of net sales of Iclusig in the Territory by an acquirer of ARIAD following the effective date of the re-purchase of the License. The Option cannot be exercised before the   two   year anniversary or after the   six   year anniversary of the effective date of the License Agreement. Following exercise of the Option, there is a further transition period of   one   year before the re-purchase of the License can be made effective. 
    
  Unless terminated earlier in accordance with its provisions, the term of the License Agreement, including Incyte's obligation to make the full Royalty Payments, will continue in effect on a country-by-country basis until the latest to occur of (1) the expiration date of the composition patent in the relevant country (which, for the countries in Europe covered by the Company's patents, is generally July 2028, subject to a potential   six  -month extension for pediatric exclusivity), (2) the expiration of any regulatory marketing exclusivity period or other statutory designation that provides similar exclusivity for the commercialization of Iclusig in such country and (3) the seventh anniversary of the first commercial sale of Iclusig in such country; and thereafter, in the absence of generic competition, for a specified period of time in which Incyte will be obligated to pay royalties at a reduced rate.  
    
  The transaction closed on June 1, 2016.  Consideration for the transaction included the   $140.0 million   Upfront Payment at closing plus a working capital payment of   $3.1 million  .  The working capital payment was net of cash acquired in the transaction by Incyte.  
    
  The agreements contain multiple elements to be delivered subsequent to the closing of the transaction, including regulatory support, ongoing development activities for the OPTIC and OPTIC-2L clinical trials, and supply of product. Each of these elements was determined to have a standalone value. As a result, a portion of the consideration received at closing was allocated to the undelivered elements using the relative selling price method after determining the best estimated selling price for each element. The remaining amount of consideration was included in the determination of the gain recorded on the sale of the European operations. Contingent royalty payments and funding for the OPTIC and OPTIC-2L trials are similarly allocated among the underlying elements if and when the amounts are determined to be payable to ARIAD. Amounts allocated to the sale of the business are immediately recognized in the statement of operations. Amounts allocated to the other elements are recognized in the statement of operations only to the extent each respective element has been delivered. 
    
  Net proceeds for the purpose of calculating the Company's gain on the transaction were   $150.6 million  , consisting of   $143.1 million   received and   $7.5 million   of net liabilities residing with the Company's European subsidiaries that were transferred to Incyte.  Approximately   $131.9 million   of the consideration was allocated to the sale of the European Operations and the remaining   $18.7 million   was allocated to the undelivered elements described above. The Company also record a   $2.9 million   loss related to the reclassification into earnings of the accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) associated with the cumulative translation adjustments and pension liability adjustment related to the Company's European subsidiaries.  The reclassification was recorded upon transfer of the Company's European subsidiaries to Incyte.  The net gain recorded in other income, net during the three and   nine  -month periods ended   September 30, 2016   was   $129.0 million  . 
    
  Consideration allocated to the regulatory support, research and development and supply activities will be recognized over the applicable performance periods. Revenue related to the research and development and regulatory support will be recognized on a proportional performance basis. Amortization of deferred revenue attributed to each of the undelivered elements will be included in other revenue as the sale of these services is considered part of ARIAD s ongoing major or central operations.  During the three months   September 30, 2016  , the Company generated approximately   $8.1 million   due from Incyte relating to royalty, research and development and other payments.  The Company recorded approximately   $7.1 million   of revenue within License and other revenue after deferring approximately   $1.0 million   allocated to regulatory support, research and development and supply activities. 
    
  This transaction did not qualify as a discontinued operation as it was not considered to be a strategic shift by the Company. 

9 

     Table of Contents  

4. License and Collaboration Agreements 
  Otsuka Pharmaceutical Co. Ltd 
  In December 2014, the Company entered into a collaboration agreement (the  Collaboration Agreement ) with Otsuka Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. ( Otsuka ) pursuant to which Otsuka will commercialize and further develop Iclusig in Japan, China, South Korea, Indonesia, Malaysia, the Philippines, Singapore, Taiwan, Thailand and Vietnam (the  Territory ). 
    
  In consideration for the licenses and other rights contained in the Collaboration Agreement, Otsuka paid the Company a non-refundable upfront payment of   $77.5 million  , less a refundable withholding tax in Japan of   $15.8 million   that was received in 2015. In addition, Otsuka has agreed to pay the Company up to   $80.0 million   in contingent milestone payments, consisting of   three   individual milestones for   $10.0 million  ,   $50.0 million   and   $20.0 million   contingent upon various approvals of Japanese new drug applications. Payments received upon the completion of these milestones are based on the results of the Company's efforts and due to the level of effort required and risk of failure associated with the milestones, they are considered to be substantive in nature.  
    
  Otsuka will pay royalties based on a percentage of net sales in each country until the later of (i) the expiry date of the composition patent in each country, (ii) the expiration of any orphan drug exclusivity period or other statutory designation that provides similar exclusivity, or (iii)   10   years after the date of first commercial sale in such country. Otsuka will also pay for the supply of Iclusig purchased from the Company at a price based on a percentage of net sales in each country. 
  The Collaboration Agreement continues until the later of (x) the expiration of all royalty obligations in the Territory, (y) the last sale by Otsuka in the Territory, or (z) the last to expire patent in the Territory which is currently expected to be 2029. Under certain conditions, the Collaboration Agreement may be terminated by either party, in which case the Company would receive all rights to the regulatory filings related to Iclusig at our request, and the licenses granted to Otsuka would be terminated. 
    
  The nonrefundable upfront cash payment has been recorded as deferred revenue on the Company's balance sheet and is being recognized as revenue on a straight-line basis over the estimated term (currently estimated to extend through 2029), beginning at the point at which the Company began to provide all elements included in the Collaboration Agreement, which occurred in April 2015. 
  Medinol Ltd. 
  The Company entered into an agreement with Medinol Ltd. ( Medinol ) in 2005 pursuant to which the Company granted to Medinol a non-exclusive, world-wide, royalty-bearing license, under its patents and technology to develop, manufacture and sell stents and other medical devices to deliver the Company s mTOR inhibitor, ridaforolimus, to prevent reblockage of injured vessels following stent-assisted angioplasty. The term of the license agreement extends to the later to occur of the expiration of the Company s patents relating to the rights granted to Medinol under the license agreement or   fifteen   years after the first commercial sale of a product developed under the agreement. 
    
  The license agreement provides for the payment by Medinol to the Company of an upfront license fee, payments based on achievement of development, regulatory and commercial milestones and royalties based on commercial sale of products developed under the agreement. In January 2014, Medinol initiated   two   registration trials of its ridaforolimus-eluting stent system.     The Company is eligible to receive additional regulatory, clinical and commercial milestone payments of up to     $34.8 million     under the agreement if     two     products are successfully developed and commercialized. During the third quarter of 2016, the Company recognized a     $2.0 million     milestone associated with the filing of the application to market and sell licensed products in the countries in the European Union. The Company expects to achieve and recognize an additional     $2.5 million     milestone during the fourth quarter of 2016.    
   
  5. Inventory 
  
   10 

     Table of Contents  

All of the Company s inventories relate to the manufacturing of Iclusig. The following table sets forth the Company s inventories as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  : 

The Company has not capitalized inventory costs related to its other drug development programs. Non-current inventory consists of work-in-process inventory that was manufactured in order to provide adequate supply of Iclusig and to support continued clinical development. 
  The Company evaluates its inventory balances quarterly and if the Company identifies excess, obsolete or unsalable inventory, it writes down its inventory to its net realizable value in the period it is identified. These adjustments are recorded based upon various factors, including the level of product manufactured by the Company, the level of product in the distribution channel, current and projected demand for the foreseeable future and the expected shelf-life of the inventory components. The Company recorded such adjustments of   $0.2 million   for each of the three-month periods ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015   and   $0.5 million   for each of the   nine  -month periods ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively, which are recorded as a component of cost of product revenue in the accompanying condensed consolidated statements of operations. Inventory that is not expected to be used within one year is included in other assets, net, on the accompanying condensed consolidated balance sheet.  
   
  6. Property and Equipment, Net 
  Property and equipment, net, was comprised of the following at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  : 

As of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , the Company has recorded construction in progress of   $182.7 million   and   $246.7 million  , and a related facility lease obligation of   $284.9 million   and   $231.7 million  , respectively, related to a lease for a new facility under construction in Cambridge, Massachusetts. The Company determined that since the building is being completed and occupied in stages, it will be placed into service as individual floors are completed.  During the three months ended September 30, 2016, the Company placed approximately   44%   of the leased space into service or   $103.2 million   related to the building and   $13.3 million   related to leasehold improvements.  See Notes 9 and 10. 
  Depreciation and amortization expense was   $1.9 million   and   $1.0 million   for the three-month periods ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively, and   $4.3 million   and   $2.7 million   for the   nine  -month periods ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively. 
   
  7. Intangible and Other Assets, Net 
  Intangible and other assets, net, were comprised of the following at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  : 

11 

     Table of Contents  

8. Other Current Liabilities 
  Other current liabilities consisted of the following at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  : 

Amounts received in advance of revenue recognition consist of payments received from customers in France.  Negotiations with the Economic Committee on Health Care Products in France regarding pricing and reimbursement for Iclusig concluded during the nine month period ended September 30, 2016 (see Note 2).  The Company will refund approximately   $4.5 million   based on the completed pricing and reimbursement negotiations.  
   
  9. Long-term Debt 
  Long-term debt consisted of the following at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  : 

Convertible Notes due 2019 
  In June 2014, the Company issued   $200.0 million   aggregate principal amount of   3.625 percent   convertible senior notes due 2019 (the  convertible notes ). The Company received net proceeds of   $192.9 million   from the sale of the convertible notes, after deducting fees of   $6.0 million   and expenses of   $1.1 million  . At the same time, the Company used   $43.2 million   of the net proceeds from the sale of the convertible notes to pay the cost of convertible bond hedges, as described below, which cost was partially offset by   $27.6 million   in proceeds to the Company from the sale of warrants in the warrant transactions also described below. 
  The convertible notes are governed by the terms of an indenture between the Company, as issuer, and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as trustee. The convertible notes are senior unsecured obligations and bear interest at a rate of   3.625 percent   per year, payable semi-annually in arrears on June 15 and December 15 of each year, beginning on   December 15, 2014  . The convertible notes will mature on   June 15, 2019  , unless earlier repurchased or converted. The convertible notes are convertible, subject to adjustment as described below, into cash, shares of the Company s common stock, or a combination thereof, at the Company s election, at an initial conversion rate of approximately   107.5095   shares of common stock per   $1,000   principal amount of the convertible notes, which corresponds to an initial conversion price of approximately   $9.30   per share of the Company s common stock and represents a conversion premium of approximately   32.5 percent   based on the last reported sale price of the  
  
   12 

     Table of Contents  

Company s common stock of   $7.02   on June 11, 2014, the date the notes offering was priced. As of September 30, 2016, the if-converted value exceeds the principal amount as of   September 30, 2016  . 
  The conversion rate is subject to adjustment from time to time upon the occurrence of certain events, but will not be adjusted for any accrued and unpaid interest. At any time prior to the close of business on the business day immediately preceding December 15, 2018, holders may convert their convertible notes at their option only under the following circumstances: 

during any calendar quarter commencing after the calendar quarter ending on December 31, 2014 (and only during such calendar quarter), if the last reported sale price of our common stock for at least   20   trading days (whether or not consecutive) during a period of   30   consecutive trading days ending on the last trading day of the immediately preceding calendar quarter is greater than or equal to   130 percent   of the conversion price, or approximately   $12.00   per share, on each applicable trading day; 
                
    during the   five   business day period after any   five   consecutive trading day period, or the measurement period, in which the trading price per $1,000 principal amount of the convertible notes for each trading day of the measurement period was less than   98 percent   of the product of the last reported sale price of the Company s common stock and the conversion rate on each such trading day; or 
                
    upon the occurrence of specified corporate events. 
     On or after December 15, 2018 until the close of business on the second scheduled trading day immediately preceding the maturity date, holders may convert all or any portion of their convertible notes, in multiples of $1,000 principal amount, at their option regardless of the foregoing circumstances. Upon conversion, the Company will satisfy its conversion obligation by paying or delivering, as the case may be, cash, shares of common stock, or a combination thereof, at its election. 
  If a make-whole fundamental change, as described in the indenture, occurs and a holder elects to convert its convertible notes in connection with such make-whole fundamental change, such holder may be entitled to an increase in the conversion rate as described in the indenture. 
  The Company may not redeem the convertible notes prior to the maturity date and no  sinking fund  is provided for the convertible notes, which means that the Company is not required to periodically redeem or retire the convertible notes. Upon the occurrence of certain fundamental changes involving the Company, holders of the convertible notes may require the Company to repurchase for cash all or part of their convertible notes at a repurchase price equal to   100 percent   of the principal amount of the convertible notes to be repurchased, plus accrued and unpaid interest. 
  The indenture does not contain any financial or maintenance covenants or restrictions on the payments of dividends, the incurrence of indebtedness or the issuance or repurchase of securities by the Company or any of its subsidiaries. The indenture contains customary terms and covenants and events of default. If an event of default (other than certain events of bankruptcy, insolvency or reorganization involving the Company or any of its significant subsidiaries) occurs and is continuing, the trustee by notice to the Company, or the holders of at least   25 percent   in principal amount of the outstanding convertible notes by written notice to the Company and the trustee, may declare   100 percent   of the principal and accrued and unpaid interest, if any, on all of the convertible notes to be due and payable. Upon such a declaration of acceleration, such principal and accrued and unpaid interest, if any, will be due and payable immediately. Upon the occurrence of certain events of bankruptcy, insolvency or reorganization involving the Company or any of its significant subsidiaries,   100 percent   of the principal of and accrued and unpaid interest, if any, on all of the convertible notes will become due and payable automatically. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the indenture provides that, to the extent the Company elects and for up to   180   days, the sole remedy for an event of default relating to certain failures by the Company to comply with certain reporting covenants in the indenture consists exclusively of the right to receive additional interest on the convertible notes. 
  In accordance with accounting guidance for debt with conversion and other options, the Company separately accounted for the liability and equity components of the convertible notes by allocating the proceeds between the liability component and the embedded conversion option, or equity component, due to the Company s ability to settle the convertible notes in cash, common stock or a combination of cash and common stock, at the Company s  
  
   13 

     Table of Contents  

option. The carrying amount of the liability component was calculated by measuring the fair value of a similar liability that does not have an associated convertible feature. The allocation was performed in a manner that reflected the Company s non-convertible debt borrowing rate for similar debt. The equity component of the convertible notes was recognized as a debt discount and represents the difference between the proceeds from the issuance of the convertible notes and the fair value of the liability of the convertible notes on their date of issuance. The excess of the principal amount of the liability component over its carrying amount, or debt discount, is amortized to interest expense using the effective interest method over the   five   year life of the convertible notes. The approximate remaining discount amortization period as of   September 30, 2016   was   32.5   months. The equity component will not be re-measured for changes in fair value as long as it continues to meet the conditions for equity classification. 
  The outstanding convertible note balances as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015   consisted of the following: 

In connection with the issuance of the convertible notes, the Company incurred approximately   $1.1 million   of debt issuance costs, which primarily consisted of legal, accounting and other professional fees, and allocated these costs to the liability and equity components based on the allocation of the proceeds. Of the total   $1.1 million   of debt issuance costs,   $0.3 million   was allocated to the equity component and recorded as a reduction to additional paid-in capital and   $0.8 million   was allocated to the liability component and recorded in other assets on the balance sheet. The portion allocated to the liability component is amortized to interest expense over the expected life of the convertible notes using the effective interest method. 
  The Company determined the expected life of the debt was equal to the   five  -year term on the convertible notes. The effective interest rate on the liability component was   9.625 percent   for the period from the date of issuance through   September 30, 2016  . The following table sets forth total interest expense recognized related to the convertible notes for the   three and nine  -month periods ended   September 30, 2016   and   September 30, 2015  : 

Convertible Bond Hedge and Warrant Transactions 
  In connection with the pricing of the convertible notes and in order to reduce the potential dilution to the Company s common stock and/or offset any cash payments in excess of the principal amount due upon conversion of the convertible notes, in June 2014, the Company entered into convertible note hedge transactions covering approximately   21.5 million   shares of the Company s common stock underlying the   $200.0 million   aggregate principal amount of the convertible notes with JPMorgan Chase Bank, National Association, an affiliate of JPMorgan Securities LLC (the  Counter Party ). The convertible bond hedges have an exercise price of approximately   $9.30   per share, subject to adjustment upon certain events, and are exercisable when and if the convertible notes are converted. Upon conversion of the convertible notes, if the price of the Company s common stock is above the exercise price of the convertible bond hedges, the Counter Party will deliver shares of the Company s common stock and/or cash with an aggregate value approximately equal to the difference between the  
  
   14 

     Table of Contents  

price of the Company s common stock at the conversion date and the exercise price, multiplied by the number of shares of the Company s common stock related to the convertible bond hedges being exercised. The convertible bond hedges are separate transactions entered into by the Company and are not part of the terms of the convertible notes or the warrants, discussed below. Holders of the convertible notes will not have any rights with respect to the convertible bond hedges. The Company paid   $43.2 million   for these convertible bond hedges and recorded this amount as a reduction to additional paid-in capital. 
  At the same time, the Company also entered into separate warrant transactions with the Counter Party relating to, in the aggregate, approximately   21.5 million   shares of the Company s common stock underlying the   $200.0 million   aggregate principal amount of the convertible notes. The initial exercise price of the warrants is   $12.00   per share, subject to adjustment upon certain events, which is approximately   70 percent   above the last reported sale price of the Company s common stock of   $7.02   per share on June 11, 2014. Upon exercise, the Company will deliver shares of the Company s common stock and /or cash with an aggregate value equal to the excess of the price of the Company s common stock on the exercise date and the exercise price, multiplied by the number of shares, of the Company s common stock underlying the exercise. The warrants will be exercisable and will expire in equal installments for a period of   100   trading days beginning on September 15, 2019. The warrants were issued to the Counter Party pursuant to the exemption from registration set forth in Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act. The Company received   $27.6 million   for these warrants and recorded this amount as an increase to additional paid-in capital. 
  Aside from the initial payment of a   $43.2 million   premium to the Counter Party under the convertible bond hedges, which cost is partially offset by the receipt of a   $27.6 million   premium under the warrants, the Company is not required to make any cash payments to the Counter Party under the convertible bond hedges and will not receive any proceeds if the warrants are exercised. 
  Royalty Financing 
    
  In July 2015, the Company entered into a Revenue Interest Assignment Agreement (the "RIAA") with PDL BioPharma, Inc. ( PDL ) under which the Company received an initial payment of   $50.0 million   in exchange for a percentage of global net revenues from sales of Iclusig until PDL receives a fixed internal rate of return on the funds it advances the Company. Under the original terms of the RIAA, the Company received an additional   $50.0 million     one   year from the effective date of the agreement (July 2016) and had the option to receive up to an additional   $100.0 million   in   one   or   two   tranches between the   six  -month and   twelve  -month anniversary dates of the agreement. The proceeds received from PDL are referred to as  advances . 
    
  Effective on June 1, 2016, in connection with the transactions with Incyte, ARIAD and PDL agreed to amend the RIAA to, among other things, include in the Iclusig net sales calculation under the RIAA net sales of Iclusig made by Incyte in the Territory under the License Agreement. In addition, ARIAD s option to receive additional funding was restructured so that, in addition to the   $50.0 million   received in July 2016, ARIAD may require PDL to fund up to an additional   $40.0 million   (instead of the original   $100.0 million  ) in July 2017 (instead of between January and July 2016).  
    
  Under the amended agreement, the Company agreed to pay PDL a percentage of global Iclusig net product revenues subject to an annual maximum payment of   $20.0 million   per year through 2018. The rate was   2.5 percent   through July 2016, increased to   5 percent   from August 2016 through the end of 2018 and   6.5 percent   from 2019 until PDL receives a   10 percent   internal rate of return. Through   September 30, 2016  , the Company has paid a total of   $5.9 million   to PDL under this agreement. Payments are deemed to be applied against advances. Interest expense related to the agreement was   $2.2 million   and   $4.5 million  , respectively, for the three- and   nine  -month periods ended   September 30, 2016  .  
    
  Beginning in 2019, if PDL does not receive specified minimum payments each year from sales of Iclusig, then it will also have the right to receive a certain percentage of net revenues from sales of brigatinib, subject to its approval by regulatory authorities. If PDL has not received total cumulative payments under this agreement that are at least equal to the amounts PDL has advanced to the Company by the fifth anniversary of each funding date, the Company is required to pay PDL an amount equal to the shortfall. 

15 

     Table of Contents  

PDL retains the option to require the Company to repurchase the then outstanding net advances, together with additional payments representing return on investment as described below (the  put  option), in the event the Company experiences a change of control, undergoes certain bankruptcy events, transfers any of its interests in Iclusig (other than pursuant to a license agreement, development, commercialization, co-promotion, collaboration, partnering or similar agreement), transfers all or substantially all of its assets, or breaches certain of the covenants, representations or warranties made under the agreement. Similarly, the Company has the option to terminate the agreement at any time by payment of the then outstanding net advances, together with additional payments representing return on investment as described below (the  call  option). Both the put and call options can be exercised at a price which is equal to the greater of (a) the then outstanding net advances and an amount that would generate an internal rate of return to PDL of   10 percent   after taking into account the amount and timing of all payments made to PDL by the Company or (b) a multiple of the then outstanding net advances of   1.15   if exercised on or prior to the first anniversary of the closing date,   1.20   if exercised after the first anniversary but on or prior to the second anniversary of the closing date or   1.30   if exercised after the second anniversary of the closing date. 
    
  In connection with the agreement, the Company also entered into a security agreement with PDL in July 2015, as amended effective June 1, 2016. Under the security agreement, the Company granted PDL a security interest in certain assets relating to Iclusig, including all of the Company s revenues from sales of Iclusig covered by the royalty financing agreement, a certain segregated deposit account established under the royalty financing agreement, and certain intellectual property, license agreements, and regulatory approvals related to Iclusig. The collateral set forth in the security agreement secures the Company s obligations under the royalty financing agreement, including its obligation to pay all amounts due thereunder.  In connection with the amendment to the RIAA, ARIAD and PDL agreed to release ARIAD s European patents and certain other European assets from the collateral.  
    
  For accounting purposes, the agreement has been classified as a debt financing, as the Company will have significant continuing involvement in the sale of Iclusig and other products which might be covered by the agreement, the parties have the right to cancel the agreement as described above, PDL s rate of return is implicitly limited by the terms of the transaction, volatility in the sale of Iclusig and other products would have no effect on PDL s expected ultimate return, and PDL has certain rights in the event that product sales and related payments under this agreement are insufficient to pay down the Company s obligations. 
    
  In connection with the transaction, the Company recorded the initial net proceeds as long-term debt. The Company imputes interest expense associated with this borrowing using the effective interest rate method and will record a corresponding accrued interest liability. The effective interest rate is calculated based on the rate that would enable the debt to be repaid in full over the anticipated life of the arrangement, including the required   10 percent   internal rate of return to PDL. Determining the effective interest rate requires judgment and is based on significant assumptions related to estimates of the amounts and timing of future revenue streams. Determination of these assumptions is highly subjective and different assumptions could lead to significantly different outcomes. 
    
  The Company determined that the put option is an embedded derivative. This item is being accounted for as a derivative and the estimated fair value of the put option, which was immaterial as of the date of the agreement and as of   September 30, 2016   is carried as part of the carrying value of the related liability. 
    
  Facility Lease Obligation 
    
  As of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , the Company has recorded a facility lease obligation related to its lease for a new facility under construction in Cambridge, Massachusetts. See Notes 6 and 10 for information regarding the lease and related asset under construction. During the construction period the Company is capitalizing the construction costs as a component of construction in progress with a corresponding credit to facility lease obligation to the extent the cost was paid by the Company or reimbursed by the landlord. 
    
  The Company is completing and occupying the building in stages. During the three months ended September 30, 2016, the Company placed approximately   44%   of the building into service.  The Company expects to substantially complete construction and occupy the remainder of the facility in the fourth quarter of 2016. Under the terms of the lease, the Company commenced making lease payments in March 2015. During the construction period, a portion  
  
   16 

     Table of Contents  

of the lease payment is allocated to land lease expense and the remainder is accounted for as a reduction of the obligation. See Note 10 for information regarding payments and other terms. 
   
  10. Leases, Licensed Technology and Other Commitments 
  Facility Leases 
  The Company conducts the majority of its operations in a   100,000   square foot office and laboratory facility under an operating lease that originally extended to July 2019 with   two   consecutive   five  -year renewal options. The lease provided the Company with the option to early terminate the lease in July 2017.  In July 2016, the Company notified the landlord of the   100,000   square foot office and laboratory facility that the Company was exercising its early termination right under the lease agreement to terminate the lease effective July 2017 (from the original end date of July 2019).  As part of the termination, the Company made a payment of   $1.7 million   related to the termination. The Company maintains an outstanding letter of credit of   $1.4 million   in accordance with the terms of the amended lease. Future non-cancelable minimum annual rental payments through July 2017 under this lease are   $1.6 million   remaining in   2016   and   $3.5 million   in   2017  .  
  Binney Street, Cambridge, Massachusetts 
  In January 2013, the Company entered into a lease agreement for approximately   244,000   square feet of laboratory and office space in two adjacent, connected buildings to be constructed in Cambridge, Massachusetts. Under the terms of the original lease, the Company leased all of the rentable space in   one   of the   two   buildings and a portion of the available space in the second building. In September 2013, the Company entered into a lease amendment to lease all of the remaining space, approximately   142,000   square feet, in the second building, for an aggregate of   386,000   square feet in both buildings. The terms of the lease amendment were consistent with the terms of the original lease. Construction of the core and shell of the building was completed in March   2015  , at which time construction of tenant improvements in the building commenced.  
  In connection with this lease, the landlord is providing a tenant improvement allowance for the costs associated with the design, engineering, and construction of tenant improvements for the leased facility. The tenant improvements will be in accordance with the Company s plans and include fit-out of the buildings to construct appropriate laboratory and office space, subject to approval by the landlord. To the extent the stipulated tenant allowance provided by the landlord is exceeded, the Company is obligated to fund all costs incurred in excess of the tenant allowance. The scope of the planned tenant improvements do not qualify as  normal tenant improvements  under the lease accounting guidance. Accordingly, for accounting purposes, the Company is the deemed owner of the buildings during the construction period. 
    
  As construction progresses, the Company records the project construction costs incurred as an asset. To the extent that the cost is incurred by the landlord or incurred by the Company and reimbursed by the landlord, the Company records a corresponding increase to facility lease obligation included in long-term debt on the consolidated balance sheet. As the buildings are completed, the Company is required to determine if the asset and corresponding financing obligation should continue to be carried on its consolidated balance sheet under the relevant accounting guidance. Based on the current terms of the lease, the Company expects to continue to be the deemed owner of the buildings as the construction period is completed. The Company is completing and occupying the building in stages. During the three months ended September 30, 2016, the Company placed approximately   44%   of the building into service, or   $103.2 million   related to the building and   $13.3 million   related to leasehold improvements.     The portion of the building placed in service during the quarter ended September 30, 2016 was occupied by our subtenant described below. The Company expects to substantially complete construction and occupy the remainder of the facility in the fourth quarter of 2016. As of   September 30, 2016  , the Company has recorded construction in progress of   $182.7 million   and a facility lease obligation of   $284.9 million  . 
  The initial term of the lease is for   15   years from substantial completion of the core and shell of the buildings, which occurred in March 2015, with options to renew for   three   terms of   five   years each at market-based rates. The base rent is subject to increases over the term of the lease. Based on the original and amended leased space, the future non-cancelable minimum annual lease payments under the lease are   $2.2 million   remaining in   2016  ,   $25.5 million   in   2017  ,   $31.0 million   in   2018  ,   $31.5 million   in   2019  ,   $32.1 million   in   2020  ,   $32.7 million   in   2021   and   $292.6  
  
   17 

     Table of Contents  

million   thereafter, plus the Company s share of the facility operating expenses and other costs that are reimbursable to the landlord under the lease.  
  The Company maintains a letter of credit of   $9.2 million   as security for the lease, which is supported by restricted cash. 
    
  In August 2015, the Company entered into a sublease agreement for approximately   160,000   square feet of the total leased space in the Binney Street facility. The sublease has an initial term of   10 years   from the rent commencement date, which occurred on July 1, 2016, with an option to extend for the remainder of the initial term of the Company s underlying lease. The sublease rent is subject to increases over the term of the lease. Based on the agreement, during the initial term the non-cancelable minimum annual sublease payments by calendar year beginning upon the rent commencement date of the sublease are approximately   $5.3 million   in   2016  ,   $10.7 million   in   2017  ,   $10.9 million   in   2018  ,   $11.1 million   in   2019   and   $11.3 million   in   2020   and   $65.5 million   thereafter, plus the subtenant s share of the facility operating expenses.   
    
  As managing and subleasing commercial real estate is not part of the Company's core operations, income and expenses associated with the subleased property are included as a component of other income, net, and are excluded from operating expenses. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, the Company recorded   $4.6 million   of sublease income and   $1.8 million   of facility costs related to the subleased portion of the facility, including depreciation expense.  
  Total rent expense for the leases described above as well as other Company leases for the three-month periods ended   September 30,     2016   and   2015   was   $2.7 million   and   $2.8 million  , respectively, and   $7.3 million   for both the   nine  -month periods ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively. Contingent rent for the   three and nine  -month periods ended   September 30,     2016   and    2015   was   $168,000   and   $191,000  , respectively, and   $537,000   and   $574,000  , respectively. Total future non-cancelable minimum annual rental payments for the leases described above as well as other Company leases are   $3.7 million   in   2016  ,   $29.0 million   in   2017  ,   $31.0 million   in   2018  ,   $31.5 million   in   2019  ,   $32.1 million   in   2020   and   $325.3 million   thereafter. 
   
  11. Stockholders  Deficit  
  Changes in Stockholders' Equity 
  The changes in stockholders' equity for the   nine  -month period ended   September 30, 2016    were as follows: 

12. Fair Value of Financial Instruments 
    
  At   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , the carrying amounts of cash equivalents, accounts payable and accrued liabilities approximate fair value because of their short-term nature. The fair value of the convertible notes,  
  
   18 

     Table of Contents  

which differs from their carrying value, is influenced by interest rates and stock price and stock price volatility and is determined by prices for the convertible notes observed in market trading. The market for trading of the convertible notes is not considered to be an active market and therefore the estimate of fair value is based on Level 2 inputs. The estimated fair value of the convertible notes, face value of   $200.0 million  , was   $326.0 million   at   September 30, 2016   and   $198.0 million   at   December 31, 2015  , respectively. 
   
  13. Stock Compensation 
  ARIAD Stock Option and Stock Plans 
  The Company s 2001, 2006 and 2014 stock option and stock plans (the  Plans ), which have been approved by the Company's stockholders, provide for the award of non-qualified and incentive stock options, stock grants, restricted stock units, performance share units and other equity-based awards to officers, directors, employees and consultants of the Company. Stock options become exercisable as specified in the related option certificate, typically over a   four  -year period, and expire   ten years   from the date of grant. Stock grants, restricted stock units and performance share units provide the recipient with ownership of common stock subject to terms of vesting, any rights the Company may have to repurchase the shares granted or other restrictions. The 2006 Plan has   no   shares remaining available for grant, although existing stock options granted remain outstanding.  The 2001 Plan expired in March 2016, and there are   no   outstanding awards. As of   September 30, 2016  , there were   9,387,513   shares available for awards under the 2014 Plan.  
  Inducement Awards 
  In the first quarter of 2016, the Company issued the following equity awards to senior executives of the Company outside of the Plans as inducements material to their entering into employment with the Company in accordance with NASDAQ rules (the "Inducement Awards"): (i) for the Company's new CEO,   200,000   restricted stock units and   1,500,000   stock options, which vest over   18   months and   four   years, respectively; and (ii) for the Company's new CFO,   550,000   stock options vesting over   four   years and   150,000   performance shares that will be earned based on the relative total shareholder return of the Company s stock price compared to component companies in the NASDAQ Biotechnology Index over a   3   year period ending December 31, 2018. There were   no   other Inducement Awards in 2016 or in the three and   nine  -month periods ended   September 30, 2015  . 
  Employee Stock Purchase Plan 
  In 1997, the Company adopted the 1997 Employee Stock Purchase Plan ( ESPP ) and reserved   500,000   shares of common stock for issuance under this plan. The ESPP was amended in June 2008 to reserve an additional   500,000   shares of common stock for issuance and the plan was further amended in 2009 and in 2015 to reserve an additional   750,000   shares of common stock for issuance pursuant to each of those amendments. Under this plan, substantially all of the Company s employees may, through payroll withholdings, purchase shares of the Company s common stock at a price of   85 percent   of the lesser of the fair market value at the beginning or end of each   three  -month withholding period. For the   nine  -month periods ended    September 30,     2016   and   2015  ,   239,110   and   193,178   shares of common stock were issued under the plan, respectively. Compensation cost is equal to the fair value of the discount on the date of grant and is recognized as compensation in the period of purchase. 
  Stock-Based Compensation 
  The Company s statements of operations included total compensation cost from awards under the Plans, the Inducement Awards, and purchases under the ESPP for the   three and nine  -month periods ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , as follows: 
  
   19 

     Table of Contents  

Stock Options 
  Stock options are granted with an exercise price equal to the closing market price of the Company s common stock on the date of grant. Stock options generally vest ratably over   four   years and have contractual terms of   ten years  . Stock options are valued using the Black-Scholes option valuation model and compensation cost is recognized based on such fair value over the period of vesting on a straight-line basis. 
  Stock option activity under the Plans and Inducement Awards for the   nine  -month period ended   September 30, 2016   was as follows: 

Stock and Stock Unit Grants 
  Stock and stock unit grants carry restrictions as to resale for periods of time or vesting provisions over time as specified in the grant, typically   three   years. Stock and stock unit grants are valued at the closing market price of the Company s common stock on the date of grant and compensation expense is recognized over the requisite service period, vesting period or period during which restrictions remain on the common stock or stock units granted.   
  Stock and stock unit activity under the Plans and Inducement Awards for the   nine  -month period ended   September 30, 2016   was as follows: 

The total fair value of stock and stock unit awards that vested during the   nine  -months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015   was   $13.1 million   and   $9.2 million  , respectively. The total unrecognized compensation expense for  
  
   20 

     Table of Contents  

restricted shares or units that have been granted was   $13.4 million   at   September 30, 2016   and will be recognized over   1.6   years on a weighted average basis. 
  The Company recognizes compensation expense for performance share units when the achievement of the performance metric is determined to be probable of occurrence. The total number of units earned, and related compensation cost, may be up to   60 percent   higher depending on the level or timing of achievement of the metric as defined in the specific award agreement. During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, the Company granted   635,200   awards that are eligible to earn up to a   60 percent   premium based on achievement of certain market conditions.  As of September 30, 2016,   461,900   of these awards remain outstanding. 
   
  14. Net (Loss) Income Per Share 
  Basic net loss per share amounts have been computed based on the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding. Diluted net loss per share amounts have been computed based on the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding plus the dilutive effect, if any, of potential common shares. The computation of potential common shares has been performed using the treasury stock method. Because of the net loss reported in certain periods, diluted and basic net loss per share amounts are the same for those periods. 
  The net income (loss) and the number of shares used to compute basic and diluted earnings per share for the   three and nine  -month periods ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015   are as follows: 

We have excluded   14.2 million   and   14.5 million   weighted-average shares of common stock potentially issuable under employee equity award plans in the three months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively, and     8.9 million   and   13.5 million   shares of common stock potentially issuable under employee equity award plans in the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively, from the diluted net income per share calculations, as their effect would have been anti-dilutive. For the nine months ended September 30, 2016 we included   2.9 million   weighted-average shares of common stock of potentially issuable shares under employee equity award plans.  
  We have also excluded the impact of the convertible debt and related warrants from the calculation of diluted share computation for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015   and the nine months ended September 30, 2015. Holders of the convertible notes may convert their Notes into shares of the Company s common stock at the applicable conversion rate, subject to certain conditions (refer to Note 9 for a full description). Since it is the Company's stated intent to settle the principal amount of the Notes in cash, the Company has used the treasury stock method for determining the potential dilution in the diluted earnings per share computation. During the third quarter of 2016 the average price of the Company's common stock was more than the effective conversion price.  As a result, the Company included potentially convertible shares in the diluted shares calculation for the nine months ended September 30, 2016.  
  
   21 

     Table of Contents  

Since the average price of the Company's common stock was less than the strike price of the Warrants for the reporting periods, such Warrants were also not dilutive. Upon exercise of the Warrants, holders of the Warrants may acquire up to   21.5 million   shares of the Company's common stock at an exercise price of   $12.00   (refer to Note 9 for additional information on the Warrants). If the market price per share of the Company's common stock for the period exceeds the established strike price, the Warrants will have a dilutive effect on its diluted net income per share using the treasury-stock-type method.  

15. Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)  
  The changes in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) for the   three and nine  -month periods ended   September 30, 2016   were as follows: 

16.  Restructuring Actions 
  During 2016, the Company incurred expenses of   $3.0 million   associated with employee workforce reductions of approximately   90   positions implemented in March 2016. During the nine months ended   September 30, 2016  ,   $2.1 million   was paid. In connection with the sale of ARIAD's European Operations,   $0.8 million   of the balance was transferred to Incyte. The remaining restructuring balance will be fully paid by the end of   2016  .  

17. Legal Proceedings 
  There were   no   material legal proceedings that were instituted or terminated during the quarter ended   September 30,     2016  , and there have been   no   material developments in the pending legal proceedings disclosed in Note 16 to the  
  
   22 

     Table of Contents  

audited financial statements included in the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended   December 31, 2015  .  
    
  Other Matters 
    
  In October 2016, we received a letter from Rep. Elijah Cummings and Sen. Bernard Sanders requesting information and supporting documentation from us related to Iclusig and the pricing of Iclusig in the United States since 2012. The letter inquired about our approach to pricing, commercialization and related matters for Iclusig. We responded to the letter on November 4, 2016 and are cooperating with this inquiry. 
    
  In November 2016, we received a subpoena from the U.S. Attorney s Office for the District of Massachusetts requesting documents related to our support of 501(c)(3) organizations that provide financial assistance to Medicare patients and our patient support programs.  Other companies in our industry have disclosed similar inquiries. We intend to cooperate with this inquiry. 

23 

Table of Contents  

ITEM 2. 
    MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND                            RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
       
  The information set forth below should be read in conjunction with our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements, and the notes thereto included herein, as well as our audited consolidated financial statements, and the notes thereto, included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015  . 
   
  Overview 
  ARIAD is focused on discovering, developing and commercializing precision therapies for patients with rare cancers.  We are working on new medicines to advance the treatment of rare forms of chronic and acute leukemia, lung cancer and other rare cancers.   
  We are currently commercializing or developing the following three products and product candidates: 

Iclusig      (ponatinib)   is our first approved cancer medicine, which we and our collaborators are commercializing in the United States, Europe and other territories for the treatment of certain patients with rare forms of leukemia.  We are also continuing to develop ponatinib, including in our ongoing OPTIC dose-ranging trial and our OPTIC-2L trial in second-line patients with chronic phase chronic myeloid leukemia, or CML. 

Brigatinib (previously known as AP26113)   is our next most advanced drug candidate, which we are developing for the treatment of certain patients with a form of non-small cell lung cancer, or NSCLC.  We have completed a Phase 2 pivotal clinical trial and submitted a new drug application, or NDA, seeking U.S. marketing approval of brigatinib for patients with metastatic ALK-positive (ALK+) NSCLC who are resistant or intolerant to crizotinib.  The PDUFA date for the NDA is April 29, 2017. We have also commenced a global Phase 3 clinical trial of brigatinib, called the ALTA-1L trial, designed to evaluate brigatinib as a potential front-line therapy in ALK+ NSCLC patients.  Subject to the timing of enrollment, we currently anticipate to complete enrollment in this trial in 2018. 

AP32788   is our most recent, internally discovered drug candidate, which we are developing for the treatment of patients with NSCLC with specific mutations in the EGFR or HER2 kinases.  We commenced a Phase 1/2 clinical trial of AP32788 in the second quarter of 2016. 
       
  We have retained worldwide rights to develop and commercialize these products and product candidates, other than under our collaboration and distribution agreements with various third parties to develop and/or commercialize Iclusig in Europe, Japan and nine other Asian countries, Latin America, the Middle East and North Africa, Canada, Australia, Israel, Turkey and selected other countries outside of the United States. 
    
  In addition, we have discovered two other drug candidates that we have out-licensed to third parties: ridaforolimus, which we have out-licensed for development in drug-eluting stents and other medical devices for cardiovascular indications; and rimiducid (AP1903), which we have out-licensed for development in novel cellular immunotherapies.  
    
  All of our product candidates were discovered internally by our scientists based on our expertise in computational chemistry and structure-based drug design.  We are continuing to invest in a discovery research program with the goal of identifying additional potential targeted drug therapies to move into clinical development, as well as exploring potential new opportunities in immuno-oncology using our expertise in kinase inhibitors. 
    
  Recent Developments 
    
  On August 30, 2016, we announced that we completed the rolling submission of the NDA for brigatinib to the U.S. Food and Drug Administration, or FDA, for patients with metastatic ALK+ NSCLC who are resistant or intolerant to crizotinib.  

24 

     Table of Contents  

On September 28, 2016, we announced that our partner, Otsuka Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd., or Otsuka, received approval from the Japanese Pharmaceuticals and Medical Devices Agency, or PMDA, to market Iclusig in Japan for the treatment of CML resistant or intolerant to preceding drug treatment and relapsed or treatment resistant Philadelphia chromosome-positive acute lymphoblastic leukemia, or Ph+ ALL. 
    
  On October 10, 2016, we announced updated clinical data on brigatinib in patients with ALK+ NSCLC from an ongoing Phase 1/2 trial that were included in a poster presentation at the 41st Annual Congress of the European Society for Medical Oncology (ESMO) held in Copenhagen, Denmark.  
    
  On October 31, 2016, we announced that the FDA accepted for review our NDA for brigatinib in patients with metastatic ALK+ NSCLC who are resistant or intolerant to crizotinib. The FDA granted our request for priority review and set an action date of April 29, 2017 under the Prescription Drug User Fee Act, or PDUFA.   
   
  Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
    
  Our financial position and results of operations are affected by subjective and complex judgments, particularly in the areas of revenue recognition, accrued product development expenses, inventory, leased buildings under construction and stock-based compensation expense. We evaluate our estimates, judgments and assumptions on an ongoing basis. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. For a discussion of our critical accounting policies and estimates, read Part II, Item 7  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015. There have been no changes in those policies or in the method of developing the estimates used to apply those policies. 
   
  Results of Operations 
  For the   Three Months Ended September 30, 2016   and   2015    
  Revenue 
  Our revenues for the three-month period ended   September 30, 2016  , as compared to the corresponding period in   2015  , were as follows: 

Product revenue is stated net of adjustments for trade allowances, rebates, chargebacks and discounts and other incentives, summarized as follows:  

25 

     Table of Contents  

Revenue increased by   58 percent   to   $46.0 million   in the three-month period ended   September 30, 2016  , compared to   $29.1 million   in the corresponding period in   2015  , primarily due to increased net product revenue in the United States and other countries.  In the United States, net product revenue increased by   66 percent   to   $33.6 million   for the three month period ended   September 30, 2016  , compared to   $20.3 million   in the corresponding period in   2015  .  Approximately 56% of the growth in product revenue in the United States was due to pricing and the remaining approximately 44% was due to volume.  The number of units of Iclusig shipped in the United States increased by   29 percent   in the third quarter of 2016 as compared to the third quarter of 2015.  Our volume increase in the United States was partially due to an increase in the channel inventory held by our specialty pharmacy at   September 30, 2016   as compared to the same period end in the prior year. On June 1, 2016, we out-licensed the rights to Iclusig in Europe.  As a result, product revenue for Europe decreased in the   three  -month period ended   September 30, 2016   by   $7.2 million   compared to the corresponding period in   2015  .  From June 1, 2016, we record royalty revenue based on tiered royalty rates from Iclusig sales in Europe recognized by Incyte. 
    
  Product revenue is reduced by certain gross to net deductions. For the three-month period ended   September 30, 2016  , gross to net deductions, as a percentage of gross revenue, were approximately   18.5 percent   as compared to   13.7 percent   for the corresponding period in   2015  . The increase in gross to net percentage primarily relates to the impact of higher Medicaid utilization.  We expect our gross to net reductions related to product revenue generated in the United States, as a percentage of gross revenue, to remain relatively consistent in future periods. 
    
  We recognized   $11.7 million   of license, collaboration and other revenue in the three-month period ended   September 30, 2016  , primarily related to $3.5 million of revenue from Incyte for R D cost sharing, $3.5 million of revenue from Incyte for royalties generated on sales of Iclusig and $1.0 million of revenue from Incyte related to the amortization of deferred revenue balances; a $2.0 million milestone achieved from Medinol and $1.3 million amortization of $77.5 million upfront payment from Otsuka. 
    
  In the United States we expect that our product revenue will continue to increase in   2016   compared to   2015   due to increasing sales volume for Iclusig as well as the effect of price increases.  We also expect that our license, collaboration and other revenue will increase from the prior year period due to royalty payments from Incyte based on sales of Iclusig in Europe, potential milestone payments from our existing distribution and collaboration agreements and revenue related to the Incyte transaction for research and development and regulatory support. We will no longer generate Iclusig product revenue in Europe due to the Incyte transaction. During the fourth quarter of 2016, we expect to achieve and recognize as revenue a $2.5 million milestone from Medinol.  
  Operating Expenses 
  Cost of Product Revenue 
  Our cost of product revenue relates to sales of Iclusig. Our cost of product revenue for the three-month period ended   September 30, 2016   as compared to the corresponding period in   2015  , includes the following: 

During the three-month period ended   September 30, 2015  , the inventory cost of Iclusig sold increased due to an increase in product revenue. During the   three  -month period ended   September 30, 2015  , the inventory provision was due to excess inventory related to expired product that could no longer be sold.  
  
   26 

     Table of Contents  

Research and Development Expenses 
  Research and development expenses decreased by   $4.6 million  , or   10 percent  , to   $43.6 million   for the three-month period ended   September 30,     2016  , compared to   $48.2 million   for the three-month period ended   September 30, 2015  , for the reasons set forth below. 
  We group our research and development, or R D, expenses into two major categories: direct external expenses and all other R D expenses. Direct external expenses consist of costs of outside parties to conduct and manage clinical trials, to develop manufacturing processes and manufacture product candidates, to conduct laboratory studies and similar costs related to our clinical programs. These costs are accumulated and tracked by product candidate. All other R D expenses consist of costs to compensate personnel, to purchase lab supplies and services, to lease, operate and maintain our facility, equipment and overhead and similar costs of our research and development efforts. These costs apply to our clinical programs as well as our preclinical studies and discovery research efforts. Product candidates are designated as clinical programs once we have filed an IND with the FDA, or a similar filing with regulatory agencies outside the United States, for the purpose of commencing clinical trials in humans. 
  Our R D expenses for the three-month period ended   September 30,     2016  , as compared to the corresponding period in   2015  , were as follows: 

Direct external expenses for Iclusig were   $11.4 million   in the three-month period ended   September 30,     2016  , a decrease of   $2.2 million  , or   16 percent  , as compared to the corresponding period in   2015  . The decrease is primarily due to a decrease in program support of $1.9 million as a result of the completion of studies conducted last year. 
    
  Direct external expenses for brigatinib were   $13.3 million   in the three-month period ended   September 30,     2016  , an increase of   $4.0 million  , or   43 percent  , as compared to the corresponding period in   2015  . The increase in expenses for brigatinib was due primarily to an increase of $5.2 million in clinical trial costs associated with the Phase 3 ALTA-1L trial partially offset by a $1.4 million decrease in pivotal trial expenses due to lower activity in the trial following the submission of our NDA to the FDA.  
    
  All other R D expenses were   $18.9 million   in the three-month period ended   September 30,     2016  , a decrease of   $6.4 million  , or   25 percent  , in   2016   as compared to the three-month period ended   September 30,     2015  . The decrease is primarily due to lower personnel costs of $3.7 million relating to headcount reductions driven by the sale of European operations during the second quarter of 2016 and the reduction in force initiated in the first quarter of 2016 and a reduction of $1.1 million of costs related to development of other product candidates. 
    
  As a result of our continued investment in research and development, including our ongoing clinical trials, we expect our research and development related expenses to remain consistent in the near term. 
  The successful development of our product candidates is uncertain and subject to a number of risks. We cannot be certain that any of our products or product candidates will prove to be safe and effective or will meet all of the applicable regulatory requirements needed to receive and maintain marketing approval. Data from preclinical studies and clinical trials are susceptible to varying interpretations that could delay, limit or prevent regulatory approval or could result in label warnings related to or recalls of approved products. Our ability to obtain sources of product revenue from Iclusig and the successful development of our product candidates will depend on, among other things, our efforts to develop Iclusig in other patient populations and cancers, as well as the success of brigatinib, AP32788 and other product candidates, if any. Other risks associated with our products and product candidates are described in the section entitled  Risk Factors  in Part II, Item 1A of this report. 
  
   27 

     Table of Contents  

Selling, General and Administrative Expenses 
  Selling, general and administrative expenses were   $26.2 million   in the three-month period ended   September 30,     2016  , a decrease of   $10.5 million  , or   29 percent  , compared to the corresponding period in   2015  .  The decrease is primarily due to lower personnel costs of $9.5 million associated with the reduction in force initiated in the first quarter of 2016 and the sale of our European operations on June 1, 2016. 
    
  As a result of our reduced facilities and headcount from the sale of our European operations, we expect our selling, general and administrative expenses to continue to be lower in the fourth quarter of 2016 as compared to the first two quarters of 2016.   
  Other Income (Expense) 
  Interest Income/Expense 
  Interest income increased to   $0.2 million   in the three-month period ended   September 30,     2016   from   $20 thousand   in the corresponding period in   2015  . 
  Interest expense increased to   $8.4 million   in the three-month period ended   September 30,     2016   from   $5.2 million   in the corresponding period in   2015   as a result of the execution of a   $50.0 million   royalty financing agreement in July 2015 and a second tranche of $50.0 million received in July 2016.  Interest expense in the three-month period ended   September 30,     2016   of   $4.1 million   and   $2.2 million   was incurred related to the convertible notes and royalty financing, respectively.  Interest expense also increased by $2.1 million in the nine-month period ended September 30, 2016 incurred related to facility lease obligation.    
  Other income, net 
  During the three months ended September 30, 2016, we placed approximately 44% of our Binney Street lease facility into service, which primarily relates to the subleased portion of the buildings (see Note 10).  During the three-month period ended   September 30,     2016  , we recognized other income, net of $3.0 million due primarily to placing approximately 44% of our Binney Street lease facility into service, which primarily relates to the subleased portion of the building (see Note 10).  As a result of the commencement of the sublease, we recognized $4.6 million of sublease income partially offset by $1.8 million of facility costs related to the subleased space during the nine-months ended September 30, 2016. 
  Foreign Exchange Gain (Loss) 
  We recognized a net foreign exchange gain of   $3 thousand   in the three-month period ended   September 30,     2016   compared to a net foreign exchange gain of   $0.3 million   in the three-month period ended   September 30,     2015  . The reduction in foreign exchange activity is primarily a result of the sale of our European operations during the second quarter of 2016.  
  Provision for Income Taxes 
    
  Our provision for income taxes for the three-month period ended   September 30,     2016   was a benefit of   $2.3 million   compared to a benefit from income taxes of   $5.8 million   in the corresponding period in   2015  . The benefit from taxes during the third quarter of 2016 primarily relates to the release of a $2.3 million uncertain tax position as a result of the statute of limitations expiring.  The tax benefit recorded during the three months ended September 30, 2015 related to the use of net losses generated by continuing operations to offset tax provided on an unrealized gain on marketable securities recorded in other comprehensive income. 

Results of Operations 
  For the   Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016   and   2015    
  Revenue 
  
   28 

     Table of Contents  

Our revenues for the   nine  -month period ended   September 30, 2016  , as compared to the corresponding period in   2015  , were as follows: 

Product revenue is stated net of adjustments for trade allowances, rebates, chargebacks and discounts and other incentives, summarized as follows: 

Revenue increased by   82 percent   to   $149.7 million   in the   nine  -month period ended   September 30, 2016   compared to   $82.3 million   in the corresponding period in   2015  , primarily due to increased net product revenue in the United States and Europe.  In the United States, net product revenue increased by   50 percent   to   $91.2 million   for the   nine  -month period ended   September 30, 2016  , compared to   $60.6 million   in the corresponding period in   2015  . Approximately 60% of the growth in net product revenue in the United States was due to volume and the remaining approximately 40% was due to price. The number of units of Iclusig shipped in the United States increased by   30 percent   during the nine-months ended September 30, 2016, as compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2015.  Our volume increase in the United States was partially due to an increase in the channel inventory held by our specialty pharmacy at   September 30, 2016   as compared to the same period in the prior year.  In Europe, net product revenue increased by   121 percent   to   $41.4 million   in the   nine  -month period ended   September 30, 2016  , compared to   $18.7 million   in the corresponding period in   2015  . European product revenue in the 2016 period includes one-time French revenue recognition of $25.5 million resulting from the completion of pricing and reimbursement negotiations and approximately $15.9 million of product revenue for sales in the first five months of 2016.  On June 1, 2016, ARIAD out-licensed the rights to Iclusig in Europe. From June 1, 2016, we record royalty revenue based on tiered royalty rates from Iclusig sales in Europe recognized by Incyte. During the nine-month period ended September 30, 2016, the Company recognized $0.7 million from customers outside of the United States and Europe.  
    
  Product revenue is reduced by certain gross to net deductions. For the   nine  -month period ended   September 30, 2016  , gross to net deductions, as a percentage of gross revenue, were approximately   17 percent  , as compared to   12 percent   for the corresponding period in   2015  . The increase in gross to net percentage primarily relates to the impact of higher Medicaid utilization plus government mandated discounts in certain European countries. 
    
  We recognized   $16.5 million   of license and other revenue in the   nine  -month period ended   September 30, 2016  , primarily related to $4.6 million of revenue from Incyte from royalties generated on sales of Iclusig, $3.9 million of revenue recognized on the amortization of the $77.5 million upfront payment received from Otsuka, $3.6 million for Incyte for R D cost sharing and $1.0 million related to Incyte for the amortization of deferred revenue balances and a $2.0 million milestone achieved from Medinol. 
  
   29 

     Table of Contents  

Operating Expenses 
  Cost of Product Revenue 
  Our cost of product revenue relates to sales of Iclusig. Our cost of product revenue for the   nine  -month period ended   September 30, 2016   as compared to the corresponding period in   2015  , was as follows: 

During the   nine  -month period ended   September 30, 2016  , the inventory provision was due to excess inventory related to certain finished products in Europe to comply with European packaging regulations as well as expired product that could no longer be sold. During the   nine  -month period ended   September 30, 2015  , the inventory provision was primarily related to excess packaging supplies, inventory in Europe that had to be destroyed that did not comply with current European regulations as well as inventory that had expired. 
  Research and Development Expenses 
  Research and development expenses increased by $4.2 million, or 3 percent, to   $130.6 million   for the   nine  -month period ended   September 30,     2016  , compared to   $126.4 million   for the   nine  -month period ended   September 30, 2015  , for the reasons set forth below. 
  Our R D expenses for the   nine  -month period ended   September 30,     2016  , as compared to the corresponding period in   2015  , were as follows: 

Direct external expenses for Iclusig were   $26.0 million   in the   nine  -month period ended   September 30,     2016  , an increase of   $0.6 million  , or   2 percent  , as compared to the corresponding period in   2015  . The increase is primarily due to an increase in clinical trial costs of $3.7 million primarily related to patient enrollment activities in our OPTIC and OPTIC 2L trials, partially offset by a $3.2 million decrease in non-clinical trials driven by the completion of studies conducted in the prior year. 
    
  Direct external expenses for brigatinib were   $37.2 million   in the   nine  -month period ended   September 30,     2016  , an increase of   $11.1 million  , or   43 percent  , as compared to the corresponding period in   2015  . The increase in expenses for brigatinib is due primarily to an increase in clinical trial costs of $9.2 million and an increase in non-clinical costs of $1.9 million. Increases in clinical trial costs relate primarily to costs associated with the fully enrolled ALTA Phase 2 pivotal trial and the initiation of our Phase 3 trial ALTA-1L during the period. The increase in non-clinical costs is primarily due to higher program support of $2.7 million for consulting services related our NDA filing in the United States.   

30 

     Table of Contents  

All other R D expenses were   $67.4 million   in the   nine  -month period ended   September 30,     2016  , a decrease of   $7.5 million  , or   10 percent  , in   2016   as compared to the   nine  -month period ended   September 30,     2015  . The decrease is primarily due to lower U.S. stock-based compensation expense of $4.1 million and lower personnel costs in Europe due to the sale of our European operations on June 1, 2016.  
  Selling, General and Administrative Expenses 
  Selling, general and administrative expenses were   $96.5 million   in the   nine  -month period ended   September 30,     2016  , a decrease of   $22.4 million  , or   19 percent  , compared to the corresponding period in   2015  . The decrease is primarily due to lower personnel costs of $14.2 million associated with the reduction of force initiated in the first quarter of 2016 and the sale of our European operations on June 1, 2016 and lower general and administrative professional fees. During the nine-months ended September 30, 2015, we incurred $6.0 million of legal expenses and consulting services associated with the preparation of our proxy statement that did not recur in the same period of 2016.  
  Other Income (Expense) 
  Interest Income/Expense 
  Interest income increased to   $0.3 million   in the   nine  -month period ended   September 30,     2016   from   $0.1 million   in the corresponding period in   2015  . 
  Interest expense increased to   $18.8 million   in the   nine  -month period ended   September 30,     2016   from   $12.9 million   in the corresponding period in   2015   as a result of the execution of a   $50.0 million   royalty financing agreement in July 2015 and a second tranche of $50.0 million received in July 2016.  Interest expense in the   nine  -month period ended   September 30,     2016   of   $12.2 million   and   $4.5 million   related to the convertible notes and royalty financing, respectively.  Interest expense also increased by $2.1 million in the nine-month period ended September 30, 2016 incurred related to facility lease obligation.    
  Other income, net 
  We recognized other income, net of   $131.7 million   in the   nine  -month period ended   September 30,     2016  , primarily reflecting the gain on the Incyte transaction.  The transaction included multiple elements that were each assigned a proportional value based on their estimated selling price.  We recorded a gain of $131.9 million related to the elements considered to be delivered during the nine-months ended September 30, 2016, partially offset by $2.9 million related to the reclassification of earnings of cumulative currency translation adjustments and a cumulative adjustment in the Swiss pension liability obligation from accumulated other comprehensive income (loss). In addition, we placed approximately 44% of our Binney Street lease facility into service, which primarily relates to the subleased portion of the building (see Note 10) during the nine months ended September 30, 2016.  As a result of the commencement of the sublease, we recognized $4.6 million of sublease income partially offset by $1.8 million of facility costs related to the subleased space during the nine-months ended September 30, 2016. 
  Foreign Exchange Gain (Loss) 
  We recognized a net foreign exchange loss of   $0.8 million   in the   nine  -month period ended   September 30,     2016  , compared to a net foreign exchange gain of   $0.9 million   in the   nine  -month period ended   September 30,     2015  . The losses are a result of our having conducted business in Europe prior to the June 1, 2016 transaction with Incyte, as we carried accounts denominated in foreign currencies that were affected by changes in exchange rates during these periods. 
  
   31 

     Table of Contents  

Provision for Income Taxes 
    
  Our benefit for income taxes for the   nine  -month period ended   September 30,     2016   was   $0.3 million  , compared to a benefit from income taxes of   $5.3 million   in the corresponding period in   2015  .  During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, we released a $2.3 million uncertain tax position as a result of statute of limitations expiring partially offset by a state tax expense of $1.5 million related to the sale of our European business.  The tax benefit recorded during the nine months ended September 30, 2015 primarily related to the use of net losses generated by continuing operations to offset tax provided on an unrealized gain on marketable securities recorded in other comprehensive income. 
   
  Liquidity and Capital Resources 
  At   September 30, 2016  , we had cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities totaling   $314.7 million   and working capital of   $240.4 million  , compared to cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities totaling   $242.3 million   and working capital of   $142.9 million   at   December 31, 2015  .  The increase is primarily due to the receipt of approximately $143.1 million in net proceeds from the Incyte transaction and $50 million under our royalty financing agreement in July 2016, offset by our loss from operations for the   nine  -month month period ended   September 30, 2016   as described above. 
    
  In July 2015, we entered into a royalty financing agreement with PDL, under which we received   $50.0 million   upon signing and received an additional   $50.0 million   in July 2016. In addition, we and PDL amended the royalty financing agreement in connection with the closing of the Incyte transaction on June 1, 2016 to provide us with an option to draw down up to an additional   $40.0 million   in July 2017. In return, we agreed to pay PDL a percentage of Iclusig global net revenues equal to   2.5 percent   through July 2016,   5 percent   from August 2016 through the end of 2018 (subject to annual maximum payments of   $20.0 million   per year through 2018), and   6.5 percent   from 2019 until PDL receives an internal rate of return of   10 percent   on funds advanced to us. This financing has allowed us to accelerate the initiation of a front-line trial of brigatinib and invest in launch readiness, while providing strategic flexibility with respect to additional financing and partnering alternatives. 
    
  For the   nine  -month period ended   September 30, 2016  , we reported a loss from operations of   84.5 million   and cash used in operating activities of   $121.4 million  . Going forward, we expect to incur losses on a quarterly basis until we can substantially increase revenues as a result of increased product and royalty revenue generated on the sales of Iclusig and potential future regulatory approvals of brigatinib and our other product candidates. 
  Our balance sheet at   September 30, 2016   includes net property and equipment of   $309.0 million  , which represents an increase of   $54.9 million   from   December 31, 2015  . The increase is primarily due to the ongoing costs of construction, as described below, of new laboratory and office space in two adjacent, connected buildings on Binney Street in Cambridge, Massachusetts. Construction of the core and shell of the buildings was completed in the first half of 2015, at which time we commenced making lease payments. The Company is completing and occupying the building in stages. During the three months ended September 30, 2016, the Company placed approximately 44% of the building in service or $103.2 million related to the building and $13.3 million related to leasehold improvements, which primarily relates to the subleased portion of the facility (see Note 10).  The Company expects to substantially complete construction and occupy the remainder of the facility in the fourth quarter of 2016. For accounting purposes, we are the deemed owner for the project during the construction period and accordingly, we have recorded the project construction costs as an asset (  $182.7 million   at   September 30, 2016  ) and a corresponding facility lease obligation of (  $284.9 million   at   September 30, 2016   which is net of reductions for lease payments made). As construction continues on the facility, the asset and corresponding facility lease obligation will continue to increase until we complete the construction period and place the asset in service.    
  Sources of Funds 
  We have financed our operations and investments to date primarily through sales of our common stock and convertible notes in public and private offerings, through our 2015 royalty financing transaction, through the sale of our European operations and the license of Iclusig rights in the European Union and other countries to Incyte in June 2016, through the receipt of upfront and milestone payments from collaborations and licenses with pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies and, to a lesser extent, through issuances of our common stock  
  
   32 

     Table of Contents  

pursuant to our equity incentive and employee stock purchase plans, supplemented by the borrowing of long-term debt from commercial lenders. 
  With the sales of Iclusig in the United States from January through October 2013 and commencing again in January 2014, as well as sales in Europe since the second half of 2013, we have generated product and royalty revenues that have contributed to our cash flows. However, our cash flows generated from sales of Iclusig are not currently sufficient to fund our operations and we rely on funding from other sources to fund our operations. 
    
  During the   nine  -months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , our sources of cash from investing and financing activities were as follows: 

We intend to rely on the following as our primary sources of liquidity: 
             
    our existing cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities; 
                
    cash flows from sales of Iclusig, including from royalties on sales outside the United States from our collaborators and distributors;  
                
    payments under our license agreement with Incyte, including up to   $14.0 million   in cost-sharing for our OPTIC and OPTIC-2L trials, and up to   $135.0 million   in potential milestone payments;  
                
    future milestone payments under our existing collaboration and distribution agreements; and 
                
    funding from potential new collaborative agreements, licenses or strategic alliances.  
     In the near-term, we expect that revenue from sales of Iclusig will increase as we continue to work to increase the number of patients who are treated with Iclusig and launch the product in new markets, offset by the loss of product revenue in Europe and the rest of the licensed territory following the closing of the Incyte transaction. In addition, our royalty financing agreement with PDL, as amended, provides us with the option to receive up to   $40.0 million   in July 2017. We expect that cash flows from product and royalty revenue generated on sales of Iclusig and brigatinib, if approved, the proceeds and cost savings resulting from our transaction with Incyte, milestone payments from our current distribution and collaboration agreements and potential upfront and milestone payments from any new agreements, our current cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities, and funding available to us from our royalty financing agreement with PDL, will be sufficient to fund our operations for the foreseeable future. 
  
   33 

     Table of Contents  

Uses of Funds 
  The primary uses of our cash are to fund our operations and working capital requirements and, to a lesser degree, to repay our long-term debt, including our royalty financing obligation, and to invest in our property and equipment as needed for our business. Our uses of cash during the   nine  -month periods ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015   were as follows: 

The net cash used in operating activities is comprised of our net income (loss), adjusted for the gain on the Incyte transaction, non-cash expenses, deferred revenue and working capital requirements. Our net cash used in operating activities in the   nine  -month period ended   September 30,     2016   increased by $0.8 million.  The difference is primarily due to the timing of accounts payable payments and collection of accounts receivables as compared to 2015. Other significant uses of cash in the   nine  -month period end   September 30, 2016   compared to   2015   were the payment of tax withholding obligations related to stock-based compensation of   $1.5 million   and the payments made related to our royalty financing agreement with PDL for 2015 of   $4.8 million  . 
  We currently occupy facilities in Cambridge, Massachusetts from which we conduct and manage our business. We plan to move all of our operations in the fourth quarter of 2016 to new space on Binney Street in Cambridge, Massachusetts currently under construction. The landlord completed construction of the core and shell of the buildings in March 2015, at which time our lease payments commenced. Tenant improvements and the fit-out of the facility are expected to be completed in the fourth quarter of 2016, at which time we plan to occupy the facility. The landlord has provided a tenant improvement allowance for such costs. To the extent such costs exceed the allowance, we will be responsible for funding such excess.  During the nine-month period ended September 30, 2016, we invested $39.6 million for purchases of property, plant and equipment which primarily related to the fit-out of our new facility. This investment was partially offset by landlord reimbursements of $34.2 million during the first nine months of 2016.  We will continue to be obligated to make rental payments on our existing facility on Landsdowne Street in Cambridge, Massachusetts through July 2017. 
    
  In August 2015 we entered into a sublease agreement for approximately   160,000   square feet of the total leased space in the Cambridge, Massachusetts facility currently under construction. The sublease has an initial term of   10   years from the rent commencement date (July 1, 2016) with an option to extend for the remainder of the initial term of the Company s underlying lease. The sublease rent is subject to annual percentage increases over the term of the lease.  We plan to sublease additional space that we will not need for our operations. 
    
  Liquidity 
  We incur substantial operating expenses to conduct research and development and commercialization activities and operate our business. We must pay interest on the   $200.0 million   principal amount of convertible notes we issued in June 2014 and will be required to repay the principal amount of the notes in   June 2019  , or earlier in specified circumstances, if the notes are not converted into shares of our common stock.  In addition, we are required to make payments to PDL under our royalty financing agreement based on a single digit percentage of our net product sales of Iclusig over the term of the agreement.  We expect that cash flows from product and royalty revenue generated on sales of Iclusig and brigatinib, if approved, the proceeds and cost savings resulting from our transaction with Incyte, milestone payments from our current distribution and collaboration agreements and potential upfront and milestone payments from any new agreements, our current cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities, and funding available to us from our royalty financing agreement with PDL, will be sufficient to fund our operations for the foreseeable future. 
  
   34 

     Table of Contents  

The adequacy of our available funds to meet our future operating and capital requirements will depend on many factors, including amounts of future product and royalty revenue generated by Iclusig, the potential introduction of brigatinib and one or more of our other drug candidates to the market, and the number, breadth, cost and prospects of our research and development programs. 
  To the extent that product and royalty revenues and non-dilutive funding transactions such as collaboration and out-license arrangements and our royalty financing agreement with PDL are not sufficient to fund our operations, we may seek to fund our operations by issuing common stock, debt or other securities in one or more public or private offerings, as market conditions permit, or through the incurrence of additional debt from commercial lenders or other financing transactions. Under SEC rules, we currently qualify as a  well-known seasoned issuer,  which allows us to file shelf registration statements to register an unspecified amount of securities that are effective upon filing, giving us the opportunity to raise funding when needed or otherwise considered appropriate. To the extent that we raise additional capital through the sale of equity or convertible debt securities, the ownership interest of our existing stockholders will be diluted, and the terms may include liquidation or other preferences that adversely affect the rights of our stockholders. Debt financing, if available, may involve agreements that include covenants limiting or restricting our ability to take specific actions, such as incurring debt, making capital expenditures or declaring dividends. In addition, we may raise additional capital through securing new collaborative, licensing or strategic agreements or other methods of financing. We will continue to manage our capital structure and to consider all financing opportunities, whenever they may occur, that could strengthen our long-term liquidity profile. 
  There can be no assurance that additional funds will be available when we need them on terms that are acceptable to us, or at all. If adequate funds are not available to us on a timely basis, we may be required to: (1) delay, limit, reduce or terminate our commercialization of Iclusig or any other products; (2) delay, limit, reduce or terminate preclinical studies, clinical trials or other clinical development activities for one or more of our approved products or product candidates; (3) delay, limit, reduce or terminate our discovery research or preclinical development activities; or (4) enter into licenses or other arrangements with third parties on terms that may be unfavorable to us or sell, license or relinquish rights to develop or commercialize our product candidates, approved products, technologies or intellectual property. 
   
  Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
  As part of our ongoing business, we do not participate in transactions that generate relationships with unconsolidated entities for financial partnerships, such as entities often referred to as structured finance or special purpose entities which would have been established for the purpose of facilitating off-balance sheet arrangements or other contractually narrow or limited purposes. As of   September 30, 2016  , we maintained outstanding letters of credit of   $10.9 million   in accordance with the terms of our existing leases for our office and laboratory space, our new lease for office and laboratory space under construction, and for other purposes. 
   
  Contractual Obligations 
  We have substantial fixed non-cancellable contractual obligations, which were comprised of the following as of   September 30, 2016  : 

35 

     Table of Contents  

Long-term debt reflects the payment at maturity of our   $200.0 million   of convertible notes issued in June 2014 and due on   June 15, 2019  . Interest on this debt accrues at a rate of   3.625 percent   of the principal, or   $7.25 million  , annually and is payable in arrears in December and June of each year. We may not redeem the convertible notes prior to the maturity date and no  sinking fund  is provided for the convertible notes, which means that we are not required to periodically redeem or retire the convertible notes. Upon the occurrence of certain fundamental changes involving our company, holders of the convertible notes may require us to repurchase for cash all or part of their convertible notes at a repurchase price equal to 100 percent of the principal amount of the convertible notes to be repurchased, plus accrued and unpaid interest. 
    
  Royalty financing reflects the repayment of an advance provided by PDL of   $50.0 million   received in July 2015, which was the effective date of the agreement. An additional committed advance of   $50.0 million   occurred in July 2016.  Effective June 1, 2016, the royalty financing agreement was amended to provide us with an option to receive up to an additional   $40.0 million   in July 2017 (reduced from $100.0 million under the original terms of the agreement). This additional amount is not included in the table above. Repayments of principal are calculated based on a single digit royalty on projected Iclusig net product revenues and an internal rate of return of   10 percent   over the term of the agreement based on the timing and outstanding balances of advances. In addition, as part of the agreement, we are required to repay any outstanding advances by the fifth anniversary of each advance. See Note 3   Incyte Transaction and   Note 9,   Long-term Debt  , to our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements included in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for further information. 
    
  Lease agreements consist of payments to be made on our building leases in Cambridge, Massachusetts, including future lease commitments related to leases executed for office and laboratory space in two buildings currently under construction in Cambridge.  The minimum non-cancelable payments for the facility being constructed in Cambridge are included in the table above and include amounts related to the original lease as amended. We are the deemed owner for accounting purposes and have recognized a financing obligation associated with the cost of the buildings incurred to date for the buildings under construction in Cambridge, Massachusetts. In addition to minimum lease payments, the leases require us to pay additional amounts for our share of taxes, insurance, maintenance and operating expenses, which are not included in the above table. In August 2015, we entered into a sublease agreement for approximately   160,000   square feet of the total leased space in the Binney Street facility. The sublease has an initial term of   10   years from the rent commencement date (July 1, 2016) with an option to extend for the remainder of the initial term of our underlying lease. See Note 10,   Leases, License Technology and Other Commitments  , to our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements included in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for further details.  In July 2016, we notified our landlord that we exercised our early termination right under the agreement that allows us to terminate the lease on our existing facility on Landsdowne Street in Cambridge effective July 2017 (from the original end date of July 2019).  As part of the termination, we made a payment of $1.7 million related to the termination. 
    
  Other long-term obligations are comprised primarily of our liability for unrecognized tax positions, which is expected to be determined by the end of 2016 and milestone payments due under our third party licensing arrangements. 
   
  Securities Litigation Reform Act 
  Safe harbor statement under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995  : This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, contains  forward-looking statements  within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such statements in connection with any discussion of future operating or financial performance are identified by the use of words such as  may,   anticipate,   estimate,   expect,   project,   intend,   plan,   believe,  and other words and terms of similar meaning. Forward-looking statements in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q include, without limitation, statements regarding our expectations with respect to: (i) our future financial performance, results of operations and liquidity, including product, royalty and license revenue, research and development expenses, selling, general and administrative expenses, capital expenditures, income taxes, and our expected liquidity needs and available cash; (ii) the future performance of our collaborators, distributors, manufacturers and partners; (iii) the manufacturing and commercialization, including pricing and reimbursement, of Iclusig, brigatinib and our other product candidates, if approved; (iv) the development, regulatory filing and review, and commercial potential of our products and product candidates, including the anticipated timing, status and results of our clinical trials and regulatory filings and approvals; and (v) potential changes to our near- and long-term objectives. All such forward-looking statements are based on management s expectations and are subject  
  
   36 

     Table of Contents  

to certain factors, risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results, outcome of events, timing and performance to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. These factors, risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, our ability to successfully commercialize and generate profits from sales of our products; our ability to meet anticipated clinical trial commencement, enrollment and completion dates and regulatory filing dates for our products and product candidates and to move new development candidates into the clinic; our ability to execute on our key corporate initiatives; regulatory developments and safety issues, including difficulties or delays in obtaining regulatory and pricing and reimbursement approvals to market our products; competition from alternative therapies; our reliance on the performance of third-party manufacturers, specialty pharmacies, distributors and other collaborators for the supply, distribution, development and/or commercialization of our products and product candidates; the occurrence of adverse safety events with our products and product candidates; the costs associated with our research, development, manufacturing, commercialization and other activities; the conduct, timing and results of preclinical and clinical studies of our products and product candidates, including that preclinical data and early-stage clinical data may not be replicated in later-stage clinical studies; the adequacy of our capital resources and the availability of additional funding; the ability to satisfy our contractual obligations, including under our leases, convertible debt and royalty financing agreements; patent protection and third-party intellectual property claims; litigation and government investigations; our operations in foreign countries with or through third parties; risks related to key employees, markets, economic conditions, health care reform, prices and reimbursement rates; and other factors detailed under the heading  Risk Factors  in Part I, Item 1A of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015  , and any updates to those risk factors contained in our subsequent periodic and current reports filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. The information contained in this document is believed to be current as of the date of original issue. We do not intend to update any of the forward-looking statements after the date of this document to conform these statements to actual results or to changes in our expectations, except as required by law.  All subsequent forward-looking statements attributable to us or to any person acting on our behalf are expressly qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements contained or referred to in this section. 
   
  ITEM 3: QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
  We invest our available funds in accordance with our investment policy to preserve principal, maintain proper liquidity to meet operating needs and maximize yields. Our investment policy specifies credit quality standards for our investments and limits the amount of credit exposure to any single issue, issuer or type of investment. 
  We invest cash balances in excess of operating requirements first in short-term, highly liquid securities, and money market accounts. Depending on our level of available funds and our expected cash requirements, we may invest a portion of our funds in marketable securities, consisting generally of corporate debt and U.S. government and agency securities. Maturities of our marketable securities are generally limited to periods necessary to fund our liquidity needs and may not in any case exceed three years. These securities are classified as available-for-sale. 
    
  At   September 30, 2016  , our marketable securities of   $9.6 million   consisted of   687,139   shares of common stock of REGENXBIO, Inc., which completed an initial public offering in September 2015. In connection with the initial public offering, we entered into a lock-up agreement with REGENXBIO that restricted us from selling these shares until   March 14, 2016  . The value of these shares is subject to market risk common to development stage companies and may increase or decrease in value over the period during which we hold these shares. 
  At   September 30, 2016  , our available funds other than the RENGENXBIO common stock are invested solely in cash and cash equivalents and we do not have significant market risk related to interest rate movements. 
  As a result of our use of foreign vendors and distribution partners, we face exposure to movements in foreign currency exchange rates, primarily the Euro and British Pound against the U.S. dollar. The currency exposures arise primarily from accounts receivable and payables.  We do not believe that these exposures are material to our results of operations or financial position. 
    
  In June 2014, we issued   $200.0 million   of convertible notes due   June 15, 2019  . The convertible notes have a fixed annual interest rate of   3.625 percent   and we, therefore, do not have economic interest rate exposure on the convertible notes. However, the fair value of the convertible notes is exposed to interest rate risk. We do not carry the convertible notes at fair value on our balance sheet but present the fair value of the principal amount for  
  
   37 

     Table of Contents  

disclosure purposes. Generally, the fair value of the convertible notes will increase as interest rates fall and decrease as interest rates rise. The convertible notes are also affected by the price and volatility of our common stock and will generally increase or decrease as the market price of our common stock changes. The estimated fair value of the   $200.0 million   face value convertible notes was   $326.0 million   at   September 30, 2016  . 
   
  ITEM 4: CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
  (a)   Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures.   Our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, after evaluating the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in paragraph (e) of Rules 13a-15 and 15d-15 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934) as of the end of the period covered by this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, have concluded that, based on such evaluation, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective at the reasonable assurance level to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file or submit under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms and is accumulated and communicated to management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure, particularly during the period in which this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q was being prepared. 
  In designing and evaluating our disclosure controls and procedures, our management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives, and our management necessarily is required to apply its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures.  
  (b)   Changes in Internal Controls.   There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting, identified in connection with the evaluation of such internal control that occurred during our last fiscal quarter that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
   
  PART II.  OTHER INFORMATION 

ITEM 1. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
    
  Please refer to Note 17, Legal Proceedings to our condensed consolidated financial statements included in this report, which is incorporated into this item by reference. 

ITEM 1A.  RISK FACTORS 
    
  There have been no material changes to the risk factors included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015, except as updated in our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2016, and as further updated as follows. 
    
  The following new risk factor is added under the caption  Risks relating to regulatory approvals, pricing and reimbursement : 
    
  Pricing for pharmaceutical products has come under increasing scrutiny by governments, legislative bodies and enforcement agencies. These activities may result in actions that have the effect of reducing our revenue or harming our business or reputation. 
    
  Like many other companies in our industry, we recently received governmental requests for documents and information relating to our drug pricing and patient support programs.  In October 2016, we received a letter from Rep. Elijah Cummings and Sen. Bernard Sanders requesting information and supporting documentation from us related to Iclusig and the pricing of Iclusig in the United States since 2012.  The letter inquired about our approach to pricing, commercialization and related matters for Iclusig.  In addition, in November 2016, we received a subpoena from the U.S. Attorney s Office for the District of Massachusetts requesting documents related to our support of 501(c)(3) organizations that provide financial assistance to Medicare patients and our patient support  
  
   38 

     Table of Contents  

programs.  Although we are cooperating with both inquiries, we may become subject to similar actions by other governmental agencies and we face significant risks from these inquiries.  
    
  Responding to these requests may require us to incur significant expense and result in distraction for our management team. Additionally, to the extent there are findings, or even allegations, of improper conduct, such findings could further harm our business, reputation and/or prospects. It is possible that the Congressional inquiry, or any further investigations, could result in negative publicity or other negative actions that could harm our reputation; changes in our pricing and distribution decisions and strategies; reduced demand for Iclusig and/or reduced reimbursement of Iclusig, including by federal health care programs such as Medicare and Medicaid and state health care programs. An adverse resolution or settlement of the investigation by the U.S. Attorneys  Office or any other governmental investigations could result in, among other things: 

significant damage awards, fines, penalties or other payments, administrative remedies or other rulings that preclude us from operating our business in a certain manner; 

changes and additional costs to our business operations to avoid risks associated with such litigation or investigations; and  

reputational damage and decreased demand for our products.  
       
  Although we are unable to predict how long these matters will continue or their outcome, we expect that we will incur significant costs in connection with these matters and that responding to these matters will represent a significant distraction for our management team.  If any or all of the adverse outcomes listed above were to occur, our business, results of operations and stock price could be materially and adversely affected. 

ITEM 6.  EXHIBITS 
    
  The exhibits listed on the Exhibit Index immediately preceding such exhibits, which is incorporated herein by reference, are filed or furnished as part of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q.           
  ARIAD, the ARIAD logo and Iclusig are our registered trademarks. The domain name and website address www.ariad.com, and all rights thereto, are registered in the name of, and owned by, ARIAD. The information in our website is not intended to be part of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. We include our website address herein only as an inactive textual reference and do not intend it to be an active link to our website. 

39 

Table of Contents  

SIGNATURES 
  Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.  
    
                   ARIAD PHARMACEUTICALS, INC. 

By: 
      
    /s/ Paris Panayiotopoulos 

Paris Panayiotopoulos 

President and Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal executive officer) 

By: 
      
    /s/ Manmeet S. Soni 

Manmeet S. Soni 

Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer 

(Principal financial officer and principal accounting officer) 

Date:    November 8, 2016 
  
   40 

Table of Contents  

EXHIBIT INDEX 
    
                                         Exhibit 
  Number 
      
    Exhibit Description 
      
    Filed 
  with 
  this 
  Report 
      
    Incorporated by 
  Reference 
  herein from 
  Form or 
  Schedule 
      
    Filing 
  Date 
      
    SEC File/ 
  Reg. 
  Number 
      3.1 

Certificate of Amendment to the Restated Certificate of Incorporation of ARIAD Pharmaceuticals, Inc., dated July 21, 2016 

8-K 
  (Exhibit 3.1) 
      
    7/22/2016 
      
    001-36172 
      10.1 

Executive Employment Agreement, dated July 15, 2016, between ARIAD Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and Elona Kogan, Esq.+ 

X 

31.1 

Certification of the Chief Executive Officer 
      
    X 

31.2 

Certification of the Chief Financial Officer 
      
    X 

32.1 

Certification pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
      
    X 

101 

The following materials from ARIAD Pharmaceutical, Inc. s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2016, formatted in XBRL (eXtensible Business Reporting Language): (i) Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets, (ii) Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations, (iii) Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss, (iv) Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, and (v) Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
      
    X 

(+) 
    Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 

41 

<EX-10.1>
 2
 v450376_ex10-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.1

Exhibit 10.1  

Executive Employment Agreement   

ARIAD Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (the   Company  )
a Delaware corporation, and Elona Kogan   (the   Employee  ) enter into the
following Executive Employment Agreement as of the 15 th  day of July, 2016 (hereafter, the   Agreement  ). 

WHEREAS, the Company wishes to offer the
Employee employment according to the following terms and conditions; 

WHEREAS, the Employee wishes to accept employment
with the Company on such terms; and 

WHEREAS, the parties mutually intend that
this Agreement shall be the sole agreement between them concerning the Company s employment of the Employee and the terms
and conditions of such employment. 

NOW, THEREFORE, the Company and the Employee
agree as follows: 

1.              Employment,
Duties and Acceptance . 

1.1            The
Company hereby employs the Employee to render full-time services to the Company, and to perform such duties as the Company shall
reasonably direct Employee to perform. The Employee s initial title shall be Senior Vice President, General Counsel, responsible
for legal operations, and Employee initially shall report directly to the Chief Executive Officer, unless and until the Chief Executive
Officer shall change such title or reporting relationship, in his or her sole discretion. 

1.2            The
principal place of employment of the Employee hereunder shall be in the greater Boston, Massachusetts area. Employee acknowledges
that, from time to time, Employee may be required to provide services to the Company outside of the Boston, Massachusetts area. 

1.3            Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary herein, although the Employee shall provide services as a full-time employee, it is understood that the
Employee may (a) have an academic appointment and (b) participate in professional activities (collectively,   Permitted
Activities  );  provided ,  however , that such Permitted Activities do not interfere with the Employee s
duties to the Company. 

1.4            The
Employee represents and affirms that, as of the Effective Date (as defined in Section 2), Employee does not have any other contractual
obligations to any other Person that would prohibit or limit Employee s employment with the Company or that would conflict
with the terms of this Agreement, except for the duty not to use or disclose another Person s confidential information without
authorization.  Employee further acknowledges that the Company instructs Employee not to bring to the Company or use
or disclose in the course of Employee s employment with the Company any confidential information belonging to another Person,
without that Person s express authorization. 

1.5           The
Employee acknowledges and agrees that employment with the Company and receipt of the payments, benefits, and other terms set forth
in this Agreement are contingent upon satisfactory completion and passing of the Company s standard HR intake procedures,
including completion of an employment application and other new employee forms, authorization to work in the United States, background
check, verification of employment history, educational and professional licenses, degrees and/or credentials, and verification
of any other professional qualifications that Employee s responsibilities at the Company may warrant. 

Exhibit 10.1  

2.              Term
of Employment . 

The term of the Employee s employment
under this Agreement shall commence on July 15, 2016 (the   Effective Date  ), and shall end on December 31, 2018,
unless sooner terminated pursuant to Section 4 or 5 of this Agreement;  provided ,  however , that this Agreement shall
automatically be renewed for successive one-year terms absent ninety (90) days written notice by either party to terminate the
Employee s employment. The date on which the Employee s employment ends, regardless of the reason for the termination,
shall be called the   Termination Date .  

3.              Compensation . 

3.1            As
full compensation for all services to be rendered pursuant to this Agreement, the Company agrees to pay the Employee a base salary
at the fixed rate of $430,000 per year, and increased each year, by amounts, if any, to be determined by the Company, in its sole
discretion, payable in equal biweekly installments, less such deductions or amounts to be withheld as shall be required by applicable
law and regulations. 

3.2            The
Employee shall be eligible to receive an annual discretionary bonus (  Discretionary Bonus  ), in accordance with
the annual incentive program applicable generally to officers of the Company. The target for such Discretionary Bonus shall be
forty-five percent (45%) of the Employee s annual base salary (  Discretionary Bonus Target  );  provided 
that the Company may elect to pay a greater or lesser bonus in any year, in its sole discretion, based on the assessment of Employee s
individual performance objectives and the Company s annual financial and operating objectives, performance, and other factors
as the Company may determine appropriate. Any Discretionary Bonus payable under this Section 3.2 shall be paid to the Employee
no later than March 15th of the year following the year in which such Discretionary Bonus is earned, and will be pro-rated
based on the number of days employed during the remainder of the calendar year following the Effective Date. Notwithstanding Sections
6.1 and 6.2, in order to receive the Discretionary Bonus, Employee must be employed by the Company on the date the Discretionary
Bonus is paid. 

3.3            Subject
to the approval of the Compensation Committee and as soon as practicable following the Effective Date, the Company shall grant
the Employee in accordance with the Company s equity incentive plan then in effect (the   Equity Plan  )
and the terms and conditions set forth in the Company s customary award agreement: 

3.3.1            Stock
options to purchase 200,000 shares of the Company s common stock, with an exercise price equal to the fair market value of
the Company s common stock on the date of grant.  The options shall be subject to a four-year vesting schedule,
vesting as to 25% of the shares on the first anniversary of the Effective Date and the remainder pro rata every three months thereafter
for 36 months.  Any portion of the option that is unvested as of the Termination Date shall be forfeited to the Company on
the Termination Date, except as set forth in Sections 6.1 and 6.2; and 

3.3.2            Restricted
stock units for 100,000 shares of the Company s common stock, which shall vest with respect to one-third of the shares of
the first, second and third anniversary of the Effective Date. The underlying shares of the Company s common stock shall
be issued as soon as practicable following each vesting date. Unvested restricted stock units shall be forfeited to the Company
on the Termination Date, except as set forth in Sections 6.1 and 6.2. 

3.4            The
Employee shall be eligible to participate in any incentive plan, stock-based compensation plan, bonus, deferred or extra compensation
plan, pension, group health, disability, long-term care, life, paid time off, insurance or other so-called  fringe 
benefits, which the Company provides for its executives at the comparable level. The terms of any such benefits will be governed
by the applicable plan documents and Company policies in effect from time to time. 

Exhibit 10.1  

3.5            In
accordance with the Company s travel and expense policies in effect, the Company shall reimburse the Employee for all reasonable
travel and other expenses incurred by the Employee in connection with the performance of his or her duties and obligations under
this Agreement. 

3.6            The
Employee agrees to abide by the Company s Incentive Compensation Recoupment Policy and Stock Ownership Policy and such other
policies as the Company may adopt from time to time generally for senior executives. 

3.7           Subject to prior written approval
by the Company, the Company shall pay or reimburse the following expenses that Employee may incur in connection with her relocation
to the greater Boston, Massachusetts area within twelve (12) months of the Effective Date: (a) the reasonable direct out-of-pocket
costs of transporting the Employee, the Employee s immediate family and the Employee s household items and two Motor
Vehicles from the Employee s current residence to a new residence in the greater Boston, Massachusetts area, including storage
of such household items for a period of no more than twelve (12) months from the Effective Date; (b) the reasonable travel expenses
for the Employee related to travel to and from the greater Boston, Massachusetts area during the temporary housing period described
in the next clause, including up to two (2) trips for the Employee s family; (c) the reasonable costs of rent and primary
services associated with temporary housing for the Employee and her family at an approved location in the greater Boston, Massachusetts
area for a period of no more than twelve (12) months from the Effective Date; and (d) except as described in the next succeeding
sentence, the reasonable closing costs associated with the Employee s sale of her existing residence, so long as the sale
occurs before the first anniversary of the Effective Date, and purchase of a new residence in the greater Boston, Massachusetts
area, so long as the purchase takes place before the first anniversary of the Effective Date. The following closing costs will
 not  be paid by the Company: (i) real estate and other taxes; (ii) insurance premiums other than title insurance; (iii) brokerage
fees and commissions in connection with the purchase of a new residence; and (iv) commitment fees and prepaid interest (i.e.,  points )
in excess of two percent (2%). Should Employee leave the Company before the first anniversary of the Effective Date all relocation
monies used must be paid back to the Company. 

3.8           To
facilitate the Employee s transition to the Company, the Company shall provide the Employee with a one-time transition advance
(the   Advance  ) in the gross amount of $100,000, less such deductions or amounts to be withheld as shall be
required by applicable law and regulations, payable as follows: fifty percent (50%) in the next regularly scheduled payroll following
thirty (30) days after the Effective Date and the remaining fifty percent (50%) in the regularly scheduled payroll six (6) months
after the Effective Date. Notwithstanding the foregoing, (i) if the Employee terminates her employment before the second anniversary
of the Effective Date, except as provided pursuant to Section 5.1(a) herein, or (ii) the Company terminates Employee s employment
for Cause at any time pursuant to Section 4.1(c) herein, then the Employee shall be obligated to repay the Advance within thirty
(30) days of such termination. If the Employee remains employed with the Company in good standing as of the second anniversary
of the Effective Date, then the Advance shall no longer be subject to repayment by the Employee. 

4.              Termination
by the Company . 

4.1            The
Company may terminate the Employee s employment at any time upon the occurrence of any of the following: 

(a)           The
Employee shall die while employed by the Company. 

(b)           The
Employee shall become physically or mentally disabled, whether totally or partially, so that the Employee is unable substantially
to perform his or her services  

Exhibit 10.1  

hereunder for (i) a period of one-hundred eighty (180) consecutive days, or (ii) for shorter periods
aggregating one-hundred eighty (180) days during any twelve (12) month period. 

(c)           The
Employee acts in a manner that provides Cause for termination, as determined in the sole discretion of the Company. If the conduct
constituting Cause hereunder is susceptible to cure, the Company shall provide the Employee written notice of termination pursuant
to this Section 4, and Employee shall have thirty (30) days to cure or remedy such failure or breach, in which case Employee s
employment shall not be terminated.  If the conduct is not susceptible to cure as determined by the Company in its sole
discretion, the Employee s employment shall terminate upon written notice by the Company. 

(d)           The
Company elects to terminate the Employee s employment not due to the death or disability of the Employee or in circumstances
not constituting Cause. The Company shall provide thirty (30) days  notice of such termination, provided, however, that Company
may elect to pay Employee in lieu of providing notice. 

5.              Termination
by the Employee . 

5.1            The
Employee may terminate Employee s employment, within thirty (30) days of the initial occurrence of either of the following: 

(a)           A
material breach of the terms of this Agreement by the Company and such breach continues for thirty (30) days after the Employee
gives the Company written notice of such breach and an opportunity to cure it. 

(b)           The
Employee elects to terminate the Employee s employment in all other circumstances not constituting a material breach that
is not cured by the Company (as set forth in Section 5.1(a)). 

6.              Compensation
on Termination . 

6.1             Termination
by the Company Pursuant to Section 4.1(d) or by the Employee Pursuant to Section 5.1(a) . If the Employee executes a separation
agreement and release of claims in the Company s standard form (the   Separation Agreement  ) and (i) the
Company terminates the Employee s employment pursuant to Section 4.1(d) or (ii) the Employee terminates Employee s
employment pursuant to Section 5.1(a), then, subject to compliance with Sections 7, 8, and 9 below: (1) the Company shall continue
to pay Employee s then-current base salary for the period of twelve (12) months (the   Severance Period  );
(2) the Company shall pay the Employee an amount equal to any earned and accrued but unpaid Discretionary Bonus for the prior fiscal
year which has not been previously paid; (3) all equity awards outstanding as of the Termination Date except for performance awards
for which the performance has not yet been achieved as of the Termination Date shall vest as of the Termination Date to the extent
that the equity award would have vested during the Severance Period; the remainder of the unvested equity awards and performance
awards shall be forfeited on the Termination Date; and (4) the Company shall continue to pay its share of the costs for Employee s
coverage under the Company s group health insurance plan for twelve (12) months from the Termination Date (the  COBRA
Continuation Period ), provided Employee makes an effective COBRA election regarding group health insurance.  Except
as otherwise required under Section 13.2, all monetary payments referenced in this Section 6.1 shall be paid in equal installments
over the course of the Severance Period beginning on the first regular pay date following the effective date of the Separation
Agreement.  The Employee will not be eligible for any payments or benefits under the following Section 6.2, if Employee
is eligible to receive payments and benefits under this Section 6.1; provided, however, that if Employee commences receiving payments
and benefits under this Section 6.1 and a Change in Control occurs within three (3) months of the Termination Date, the Company
shall pay Employee the  

Exhibit 10.1  

payments and benefits set forth in Section 6.2, less any payments and benefits received to date by the Employee
under this Section 6.1. If Employee obtains alternate group health insurance benefits during the COBRA Continuation Period, Employee
shall immediately notify Company in writing and Company shall no longer be obligated to pay its share of the costs for continuing
Employee s coverage under the Company s group health insurance plan. 

6.2             Termination
in the Event of a Change in Control . In the event of a consummation of a Change in Control of the Company, and if, upon such
occurrence or within the period of one (1) year following such occurrence or three (3) months before a Change in Control, (i) the
Company provides notice of non-renewal pursuant to Section 2, the Company terminates the Employee s employment pursuant to
Section 4.1(d), or the Employee resigns for Good Reason, and (ii) the Employee executes a Separation Agreement, then, subject to
compliance with Sections 7, 8, and 9 below: (1) the Company shall pay Employee an amount equal to two (2) times the sum of the
Employee s then-current base salary and Discretionary Bonus Target; (2) the Company shall pay the Employee an amount equal
to any earned and accrued but unpaid Discretionary Bonus for the prior fiscal year which has not been previously paid; (3) all
equity awards outstanding as of the Termination Date shall vest in full, except for performance awards for which the performance
has not been achieved as of the Termination Date; (4) all performance awards outstanding as of the Termination Date for which performance
has not been achieved shall be deemed earned as of the Termination Date at the greater of actual performance or target and shall
vest on the Termination Date as to the number of shares earned; and (5) the Company shall continue to pay its share of the costs
for Employee s coverage under the Company s group health insurance plan for a period of eighteen (18) months (the   Change
in Control COBRA Continuation Period  ), provided Employee makes an effective COBRA election regarding group health insurance.  Except
as otherwise required under Section 13.2, all monetary payments referenced in this Section 6.2 shall be made in a lump sum on the
first regularly scheduled payroll following the effective date of the Separation Agreement.  If Employee obtains alternate
group health insurance benefits during the Change in Control COBRA Continuation Period, Employee shall immediately notify Company
in writing and Company shall no longer be obligated to pay its share of the costs for continuing Employee s coverage under
the Company s group health insurance plan. Notwithstanding the foregoing in the event the equity awards are not assumed or
substituted and are cancelled in connection with a Change in Control without the substitution of a cash payment all equity awards
shall vest in full immediately prior to the Change in Control (and the performance awards shall be deemed vested and earned as
to the number of shares set forth in (4) above). 

6.3             All
Other Terminations . If the Company terminates Employee s employment due to the death or disability of the Employee or
for Cause pursuant to Sections 4.1(a), (b) or (c) or the Employee terminates Employee s employment pursuant to Section 5.1(b),
Employee shall only receive payment for all earned and/or vested benefits and wages pursuant to the terms of the underlying benefit
plans and programs and all applicable laws through the Termination Date, and Employee shall not be entitled to any of the other
payments and benefits set forth in Sections 6.1 or 6.2. 

7.              Confidentiality . 

7.1            The
Employee acknowledges that, during the course of performing Employee s services hereunder, the Company shall disclose to
Employee Confidential Information.   

7.2            The
Employee acknowledges that the Company s business is extremely competitive, dependent in part upon the maintenance of secrecy,
and that any disclosure of Confidential Information would result in serious irreparable harm to the Company. 

7.3            The
Employee agrees that Confidential Information only shall be used by the Employee in connection with Employee s activities
hereunder as an employee of the Company, and shall not be used in any way that is detrimental to the Company. 

Exhibit 10.1  

7.4            The
Employee agrees not to disclose, directly or indirectly, any Confidential Information to any third Person, other than representatives
or agents of the Company.   

7.5            The
Employee may disclose any Confidential Information that is required to be disclosed by law, government regulation or court order.  If
disclosure is required, the Employee shall give the Company advance notice so that the Company may seek a protective order or take
other action reasonable in light of the circumstances. Additionally, the Employee may disclose a Company trade secret in confidence
to an attorney or federal, state or local government official solely for the purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected
violation of law or in a filing in a lawsuit made under seal consistent with the Company s Standard Operating Procedure on
Compliance Violations. 

7.6            Upon
termination of Employee s employment, regardless of the reason for termination, the Employee shall promptly return to the
Company all materials, whether in electronic or hardcopy format, containing Confidential Information, as well as data, records,
reports and other property, furnished by the Company to the Employee or produced by the Employee in connection with services rendered
hereunder. 

7.7            The
terms of this Section 7 are in addition to, and not in lieu of, any statutory or other contractual or legal obligation that Employee
may have relating to the protection of the Company s Confidential Information. 

7.8            The
Employee shall continue to be bound by the terms of the confidentiality provisions contained in this Section 7 following the termination
of Employee s employment, regardless of the reason for termination. 

8.              Inventions
Discovered by the Employee While Performing Services Hereunder . 

8.1            During
Employee s employment with the Company, the Employee shall promptly disclose to the Company any Inventions, whether patentable,
copyrightable or not, made, conceived, developed or first reduced to practice by the Employee, either alone or jointly with others,
while performing services for the Company. Without limiting the foregoing, Employee also acknowledges that all original works of
authorship which are made by Employee (solely or jointly with others) within the scope of the Employee s employment or which
relate to the business of the Company and which are protectable by copyright are  works made for hire  pursuant to
the United States Copyright Act (17 U.S.C.   101). Employee hereby assigns to the Company all of Employee s right, title
and interest in and to any such Inventions.  During and after the Employee s employment with the Company, the Employee
shall execute any documents necessary to perfect the assignment of such Inventions to the Company and to enable the Company to
apply for, obtain, and enforce patents and copyrights in any and all countries on such Inventions. The Employee hereby irrevocably
designates the Chief Intellectual Property Officer of the Company, or other person performing such function, as Employee s
agent and attorney-in-fact to execute and file any such document and to do all lawful acts necessary to apply for and obtain patents
and copyrights and to enforce the Company s rights under this paragraph. 

8.2            With
respect to any Inventions, and work of any similar nature (from any source), whenever created, which Employee has not conceived,
reduced to practice or developed during the period while Employee is performing services for the Company, but which Employee provides
to the Company or incorporates in any Company product or system, Employee hereby grants to the Company a royalty-free, fully paid-up,
non-exclusive, perpetual and irrevocable license throughout the world to use, modify, create derivative works from, disclose, publish,
translate, reproduce, deliver, perform, sell, license, dispose of, and to authorize others so to do, all such Inventions. Employee
shall not include in any Inventions Employee delivers to the Company or uses on its behalf, without the prior written approval
of the Company, any material which is or shall be patented, copyrighted or trademarked by 

Exhibit 10.1  

Employee or others unless Employee provides
the Company with the written permission of the holder of any patent, copyright or trademark owner for the Company to use such material
in a manner consistent with then-current Company policy. 

8.3           This
Section 8 shall survive the termination of Employee s employment, regardless of the reason for termination. 

9.              Non-Competition
and Non-Solicitation . 

During the Employee s employment with
the Company and for a period of one (1) year following the Termination Date: (a) the Employee shall not in the United States or
in any country in which the Company shall then be doing business, directly or indirectly, enter the employ of, or render any services
to, any person, firm or corporation engaged in any business that is Competing with the business of the Company or of any of its
Subsidiaries or Affiliates of which the Employee may become an employee or officer during the Employee s employment with
the Company; Employee shall not engage in such business on Employee s own account; and Employee shall not become interested
in any such business, directly or indirectly, as an individual, partner, shareholder, director, officer, principal, agent, employee,
trustee, consultant, or any other relationship or capacity; provided, however, that nothing contained in this Section 9 shall be
deemed to prohibit the Employee from acquiring, solely as an investment, up to two percent (2%) of the shares of capital stock
of any Competing public corporation or from being employed by or associated with (including serving as a consultant to) a subsidiary,
division, department, unit or affiliate (each, a   Unit  ) of an entity if that Unit is not engaged in any business
which is Competing with the business of the Company, irrespective of whether some other Unit of such entity engages in such competition;
and (b) the Employee nor any Affiliate of the Employee shall not, directly or indirectly, solicit, entice or persuade, or attempt
to solicit, entice or persuade, any directors, key advisors, officers or employees of or consultants to the Company (collectively,
  Associates of the Company  ) to leave the services of the Company for any reason.  This non-solicitation
provision shall not apply to Associates of the Company who previously terminated their relationship with the Company. The above
covenants will apply to the Employee, regardless of the circumstances under which the employment ends. 

9.1            If
the Employee commits a breach, or threatens to commit a breach, of any of the provisions of this Section 9, the Company shall have
the following rights and remedies: 

9.1.1            The
right and remedy to have the provisions of this Agreement specifically enforced by any court having equity jurisdiction, it being
acknowledged and agreed that any such breach or threatened breach shall cause irreparable injury to the Company and that money
damages shall not provide an adequate remedy to the Company; and 

9.1.2            The
right and remedy immediately to cease providing the salary continuation payments and other benefits under Sections 6.1 and 6.2
of this Agreement and to require the Employee to repay to the Company any such payments and benefits that already have been provided
as of the time the Company learns of Employee s breach of this Section 9; provided, however, that if the Employee challenges
pursuant to Section 12.2 the Company s enforcement of the provisions of Section 9 and the cessation of salary continuation
payments and other benefits under this Section 9.1.2 and the Employee prevails in such action, the Company shall pay the Employee
any salary continuation payments and other benefits that were withheld. 

9.1.3            The
right and remedy and to require the Employee to account for and pay over to the Company all compensation, profits, monies, accruals,
increments or other benefits (collectively   Benefits  ) derived or received by the Employee as the result of
any transactions constituting a breach of any of the provisions of the preceding paragraph, and the Employee hereby agrees to account
for and pay over such Benefits to the Company. 

Exhibit 10.1  

9.1.4            The
one (1) year post-termination restriction period shall be tolled during any period of such breach or threatened breach. 

Each of the rights and remedies enumerated
above shall be independent of the other, and shall be severally enforceable, and all of such rights and remedies shall be in addition
to, and not in lieu of, any other rights and remedies available to the Company under law or in equity. 

9.2            If
any of the covenants contained in Section 7, 8 or 9, or any part thereof, is hereafter construed to be invalid or unenforceable,
the same shall not affect the remainder of the covenant or covenants, which shall be given full effect without regard to the invalid
portions. 

9.3            If
any of the covenants contained in Section 7, 8 or 9, or any part thereof, is held to be unenforceable because of the duration of
such provision or the area covered thereby, the parties agree that the court making such determination shall have the power to
reduce the duration and/or area of such provision and, in its reduced form, such provision shall then be enforceable. 

9.4            The
covenants in Sections 7, 8, and 9 are conditions of Employee s employment with the Company, and they are not tied to Employee s
performance of any particular position, role or job; therefore, the covenants in Sections 7, 8, and 9 shall survive any change
in Employee s position, title, compensation, benefits, role, or responsibilities and shall remain in full force and effect
following any such change. 

10.             Indemnification . 

The Company shall indemnify the Employee,
to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, against all costs, charges and expenses incurred or sustained by Employee in
connection with any action, suit or proceeding to which Employee may be made a party by reason of being an officer, director or
employee of the Company or of any Subsidiary or Affiliate of the Company. The Company shall provide at its expense, subject to
its availability upon reasonable terms, directors and officers insurance for the Employee in reasonable amounts. The Company shall
make, in its sole discretion, determination with respect to (a) the availability of insurance upon reasonable terms and (b) the
amount of such insurance coverage. 

11.             Notices . 

All notices, requests, consents and other
communications required or permitted to be given hereunder shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been duly given if sent
by facsimile (delivery confirmed by such service), private overnight mail service (delivery confirmed by such service), registered
or certified mail (return receipt requested), electronic mail (upon confirmation of receipt) or delivered personally, as follows
(or to such other address as either party shall designate by notice in writing to the other in accordance herewith): 

If to the Company:  

ARIAD Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 

 26 Landsdowne Street 

 Cambridge, Massachusetts 02139 

 Attention: General Counsel 

 Telephone: (617) 494-0400 

 Fax: (617) 494-1828 

 Email: 

Exhibit 10.1  

If to the Employee:  

Elona Kogan 

 26 Landsdowne Street 

 Cambridge, MA 02139 
Telephone: 

 Email: 

12.             General . 

12.1          This
Agreement shall be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts. 

12.2          Other
than actions for injunctive relief, including a civil seizure order under the Defend Trade Secrets Act, all disputes arising out
Employee s employment with the Company and/or this Agreement must be submitted for resolution by mandatory, binding arbitration
under the Federal Arbitration Act. Binding confidential and private arbitration under this Agreement shall be conducted before
a neutral arbitrator selected by both parties from JAMS in Boston, Massachusetts. A request for arbitration must be submitted within
the appropriate statute of limitations period under Massachusetts law. After a request for arbitration is submitted, the parties
will promptly select a date or dates for arbitration. Thereafter, JAMS administration will give to the parties the names of five
arbitrators who are qualified, not conflicted, and can hear the matter on the date(s) selected. Each party will independently rank
each arbitrator from one to five, with one representing the most desirable arbitrator and five representing the least desirable
arbitrator, and will forward such ranking to JAMS administration confidentially. JAMS will then select the arbitrator with the
highest combined rank. Where the dispute proceeds to actual arbitration, the Employee and the Company agree: (i) to engage in a
one-day arbitration; (ii) to exchange documents in advance of such arbitration; and (iii) to limit each party to one (1) deposition
at the arbitration. For all disputes arbitrated in this manner, the Arbitrator shall, within thirty (30) days after the conclusion
of the arbitration, issue a brief written opinion setting forth the factual and legal findings and conclusions on which his or
her decision is based. The Arbitrator will be empowered to award either party any remedy at law or equity that the party would
otherwise have been entitled to had the matter been litigated in court including, but not limited to, general, special, and punitive
damages, injunctive relief, costs and attorney s fees; provided, however, that the authority to award any remedy is subject
to whatever limitations, if any, exist in the applicable law on such remedies. The Arbitrator shall have no jurisdiction to issue
any award contrary to or inconsistent with the law, including the statute at issue. 

12.3          The
Section headings contained herein are for reference purposes only and shall not in any way affect the meaning or interpretation
of this Agreement. 

12.4          This
Agreement sets forth the entire agreement and understanding of the parties relating to the subject matter hereof, and supersedes
all prior agreements, arrangements and understandings, written or oral, relating to the subject matter hereof. Neither party has
made any representation, promise or inducement that is not embodied in this Agreement, and neither party shall be bound by or liable
for any alleged representation, promise or inducement not so set forth. 

12.5          The
provisions hereof shall inure to the benefit of, and be binding upon and assignable to, successors of the Company by way of merger,
consolidation or sale. The Employee may not assign or delegate to any third person the Employee s obligations under this
Agreement. The rights and benefits of the Employee under this Agreement are personal to the Employee and no such right or benefit
shall be subject to voluntary or involuntary alienation, assignment or transfer. The Company shall require any successor (whether
direct or indirect, by purchase, merger, consolidation or otherwise) 

Exhibit 10.1  

to all or substantially all of the business and/or assets
of the Company expressly to assume and agree to perform this Agreement in the same manner and to the same extent that the Company
would have been required to perform it if no such succession had taken place. As used in this Agreement,  the Company 
shall mean both the Company as defined above and any such successor that assumes and agrees to perform this Agreement, by operation
of law or otherwise. 

12.6          This
Agreement may be amended, modified, superseded, canceled, renewed or extended, and the terms or covenants hereof may be waived
only by a written instrument executed by the parties hereto or in the case of a waiver, by the party waiving compliance. In order
to be effective, any such modification or amendment must be signed by the Company s Chief Executive Officer; Employee acknowledges
that no other officer, employee, director or representative is authorized to modify or amend the terms of this Agreement. The failure
of a party at any time or times to require performance of any provision hereof shall in no manner affect the right at a later time
to enforce the same. No waiver by a party of the breach of any term or covenant contained in this Agreement, whether by conduct
or otherwise, in any one or more instances, shall be deemed to be, or construed as, a further or continuing waiver of any such
breach, or a waiver of the breach of any other term or covenant contained in this Agreement. 

12.7          During
and after Employee s employment, Employee shall cooperate fully with the Company in the defense or prosecution of any claims
or actions now in existence or which may be brought in the future against or on behalf of the Company which relate to events or
occurrences that transpired while Employee was employed by the Company. Employee s full cooperation in connection with such
claims or actions shall include, but not be limited to, being available to meet with counsel to prepare for discovery or trial
and to act as a witness on behalf of the Company at mutually convenient times. During and after Employee s employment, Employee
also shall cooperate fully with the Company in connection with any investigation or review of any federal, state or local regulatory
authority as any such investigation or review relates to events or occurrences that transpired while Employee was employed by the
Company. The Company shall reimburse Employee for any reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with the Employee s
performance of obligations pursuant to this Section 12.7. 

13.             Section
409A . 

13.1          Notwithstanding
any other provision to the contrary, the parties agree that amounts payable under the Agreement shall be interpreted to comply
with or be exempt from Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and the final regulations and any guidance
promulgated thereunder (  Section 409A  ) consistent with the intentions set forth in this Section 13. 

13.2          Salary
continuation payments that may become payable under either Section 6.1 or Section 6.2 are intended to be exempt from Section 409A
to the maximum extent permitted under (a) the  short-term deferral  rule set forth in Section 1.409A-1(b)(4) of the
Treasury Regulations (to the extent of such payments made from the Termination Date, as the case may be, through March 14th of
the calendar year following such separation) and (b) the  separation pay due to involuntary separation from service 
rule set forth in Section l.409A--1(b)(9)(iii) of the Treasury Regulations (to the extent that such payments made after said
March 14th). For purposes of the Agreement, each payable and benefit payable hereunder is intended to constitute a separate payment
for purposes of Section 1.409A-2(b)(2) of the Treasury Regulations. 

13.3          Continued
Company-paid COBRA benefits described in Section 6.1 and 6.2 are intended to be exempt from Section 409A under either the welfare
benefits exception set forth in Section 1.409A-1(a)(5) of the Treasury Regulations (if COBRA premium payments are not taxable to
the  

Exhibit 10.1  

Employee) or the limited payments exception set forth in Section 1.409A-1(b)(9)(v)(D) of the Treasury Regulations (if COBRA
premium payments are taxable to the Employee). 

13.4          All
expenses or other reimbursements as provided under the Agreement shall be payable in accordance with the Company s policies
in effect from time to time, but in any event shall be made on or prior to the last day of the taxable year following the taxable
year in which such expenses were incurred by the Employee. No reimbursement or expenses eligible for reimbursement in any taxable
year shall in any way affect the expenses eligible for reimbursement in any other taxable year and the right to reimbursement
or in-kind benefits shall not be subject to liquidation or exchanged for another benefit. 

13.5          If
the Employee is considered by the Company to be a  specified employee  (within the meaning of Section 409A) upon separation
from service and any payment or the provision of any benefit under the Agreement or otherwise that is payable upon separation from
service is determined to be nonqualified deferred compensation subject to Section 409A after giving full effect to the intentions
set forth in this Section 13, then any such payment or benefit shall not commence until the earlier of (i) the first payroll period
commencing during the seventh month immediately following the date of such separation from service, and (ii) the date of Employee s
death (the   Delay Period  ). Upon the expiration of the Delay Period, all payments and benefits delayed hereunder
(whether they would have otherwise been payable in a single sum or in installments in the absence of such delay) shall be paid
or reimbursed to Employee in a lump sum, and any remaining payments and benefits due under the Agreement shall be paid or provided
in accordance with the normal payment dates specified for them herein. 

13.6          All
payments and benefits that are payable upon the termination of the Employee s employment hereunder shall be paid or provided
only upon the Employee s  separation from service  from the Company within the meaning of Section 409A (determined
after applying the presumptions set forth in Section 1.409A-1(h)(1) of the Treasury Regulations. 

14.             Section
280G . 

14.1          The
Employee shall bear all expense of, and be solely responsible for, all federal, state, local or foreign taxes due with respect
to any payment received under the Agreement, including, without limitation, any excise tax imposed by Section 4999 of the Code
(the   Excise Tax  );  provided ,  however , that any payment or benefit received or to be received
by the Employee in connection with a Change in Control or the termination of employment (whether payable under the terms of the
Agreement or any other plan, arrangement or agreement with the Company or an Affiliate (collectively, the   Payments  )
that would constitute a  parachute payment  within the meaning of Section 280G of the Code, shall be reduced to the
extent necessary so that no portion thereof shall be subject to the Excise Tax but only if, by reason of such reduction, the net
after-tax benefit received by the Employee shall exceed the net after-tax benefit that would be received by the Employee if no
such reduction was made.  For purposes of this Section 14: 

(a)           The
 net after-tax benefit  shall mean (i) the Payments which the Employee receives or is then entitled to receive from
the Company or its Affiliates that would constitute  parachute payments  within the meaning of Section 280G of the
Code, less (ii) the amount of all federal, state and local income and employment taxes payable by the Employee with respect to
the foregoing calculated at the highest marginal income tax rate for each year in which the foregoing shall be paid to the Employee
(based on the rate in effect for such year as set forth in the Code as in effect at the time of the first payment of the foregoing),
less (iii) the amount of Excise Tax imposed with respect to the payments and benefits described in (i) above. 

Exhibit 10.1  

(b)           All
determinations under this Section 14 will be made by an accounting firm or law firm that is selected for this purpose by the Company
prior to the Change in Control (the   280G Firm  ).  All fees and expenses of the 280G Firm shall be
borne by the Company. The Company will direct the 280G Firm to submit any determination it makes under this Section 14 and detailed
supporting calculations to both the Employee and the Company as soon as reasonably practicable. 

(c)           If
the 280G Firm determines that one or more reductions are required under Section 14, the 280G Firm shall also determine which Payments
shall be reduced (first from cash payments and then from non-cash benefits) to the extent necessary so that no portion thereof
shall be subject to the excise tax imposed by Section 4999 of the Code, and the Company shall pay such reduced amount to the Employee.
The 280G Firm shall make reductions required under this Section 14 in a manner that maximizes the net after-tax amount payable
to the Employee. 

(d)           As
a result of the uncertainty in the application of Section 280G at the time that the 280G Firm makes its determinations under this
Section 14, it is possible that amounts will have been paid or distributed to the Employee that should not have been paid or distributed
(collectively, the   Overpayments  ), or that additional amounts should be paid or distributed to the Employee
(collectively, the   Underpayments  ).  If the 280G Firm determines, based on either the assertion of
a deficiency by the Internal Revenue Service against the Company or the Employee, which assertion the 280G Firm believes has a
high probability of success or controlling precedent or substantial authority, that an Overpayment has been made, the Employee
must repay to the Company, without interest; provided, however, that no loan will be deemed to have been made and no amount will
be payable by the Employee to the Company unless, and then only to the extent that, the deemed loan and payment would either reduce
the amount on which the Employee is subject to tax under Section 4999 of the Code or generate a refund of tax imposed under Section
4999 of the Code. If the 280G determines, based upon controlling precedent or substantial authority, that an Underpayment has occurred,
the 280G Firm will notify the Employee and the Company of that determination, and the Company will promptly pay the amount of that
Underpayment to the Employee. 

(e)           The
parties will provide the 280G Firm access to and copies of any books, records, and documents in their possession as reasonably
requested by the 280G Firm, and otherwise cooperate with the 280G Firm in connection with the preparation and issuance of the determinations
and calculations contemplated by this Section 14. 

15.             Definitions .
As used herein the following terms have the following meaning: 

(a)             Affiliate  
means and includes any corporation or other business entity controlling, controlled by or under common control with the corporation
in question. 

(b)             Cause  
means any of the following: (i) the failure by the Employee to perform any of Employee s material duties hereunder; (ii)
the conviction of the Employee of any felony; (iii) the commission by the Employee of any crime relating to Employee s employment
with the Company; (iv) willful misconduct by the Employee that has resulted, and could reasonably have been expected to result,
in significant harm to the Company s business or reputation; (v) the failure by the Employee to materially comply with the
written policies of the Company; or (vi) a material breach of the terms of this Agreement by the Employee (including, without limitation,
a breach of Section 1.4, a failure to commence employment or actions taken by the Employee which create a conflict of interest
for the Employee between the Company or any of its Affiliates, on the one hand, and a competitor of the Company or any of its Affiliates,
on the other hand).   

(c)             Change
in Control   means the occurrence of any of the following events: (i) if any  Person  (as such term is used
in Sections 13(d) and 14(d) of the Securities  

Exhibit 10.1  

Exchange
Act of 1934, as amended) becomes the   Beneficial Owner   (as defined in Rule 13d-3 under said Act), directly
or indirectly, of securities of Company representing 50% or more of the total voting power represented by Company s then
outstanding voting securities (excluding for this purpose Company or its Affiliates or any employee benefit plan of Company);
(ii) a merger or consolidation of Company, whether or not approved by the Company s Board of Directors, other than a merger
or consolidation which would result in the voting securities of Company outstanding immediately prior thereto continuing to represent
(either by remaining outstanding or by being converted into voting securities of the surviving entity or the parent of such corporation)
more than fifty percent (50%) of the total voting power represented by the voting securities of Company or such surviving entity or
parent of such corporation outstanding immediately after such merger or consolidation; or (iii) the sale or disposition by Company
of all or substantially all of Company s assets in a transaction requiring stockholder approval.  

(d)             Competing  
means commercializing or developing in Phase 2 clinical trials or later a drug or drug candidate for the same disease that is then
being commercialized or developed in Phase 2 clinical trials or later by the Company or of any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates
prior to any Change in Control. 

(e)             Confidential
Information   means trade secrets and confidential and proprietary information of the Company, or any information provided
to the Employee or the Company under an obligation of confidentiality to a third party, or any confidential, trade secret, or proprietary
information acquired by the Company from others with whom the Company or any Affiliate has a business relationship, whether in
written, oral, electronic or other form, including, but not limited to, technical data and specifications, structures, cloning
vectors, nucleic acid sequences, proteins, protein domains, organisms, cell lines and other biological materials, business and
financial information, product and marketing plans, customer and client information, customer and client lists, customer, client
and vendor identities and characteristics, agreements, marketing knowledge and information, sales figures, pricing information,
marketing plans, business plans, strategy forecasts, financial information, budgets, software, projections and procedures, the
confidential evaluation of (and confidential use or non-use by the Company or any Affiliate of) technical or business information
in the public domain, Inventions, and any other scientific, technical or trade secrets of the Company or of any third party provided
to Employee or the Company under a condition of confidentiality.  1   / 
The term  Confidential Information  does not include information that (a) is or becomes generally available to the
public other than by disclosure in violation of this Agreement, (b) was within the Employee s possession prior to being furnished
to the Employee, (c) becomes available to the Employee on a nonconfidential basis or (d) was independently developed by the Employee
without reference to the information provided by the Company. 

(f)             Good
Reason   means the occurrence of one or more of the following conditions arising without the Employee s voluntary
consent: 

(i)          Any
requirement that the Employee relocate to a worksite that would increase the Employee s one-way commuting distance by more
than twenty-five (25) miles; 

1/  The term  trade secrets,  as used
in this Agreement, shall be given its broadest possible interpretation under applicable law and shall mean all forms and types
of financial, business, scientific, technical, economic, or engineering information, including patterns, plans, compilations, program
devices, formulas, designs, prototypes, methods, techniques, processes, procedures, programs, or codes, whether tangible or intangible,
and whether or how stored, compiled, or memorialized physically, electronically, graphically, photographically, or in writing that
(1) the Company has taken reasonable measures to keep secret, and that (2) derives independent economic value, actual or potential,
from not being generally known to, and not being readily ascertainable through proper means by, another person who can obtain economic
value from the disclosure or use of the information. 

Exhibit 10.1  

(ii)         The
Company s material breach of any provision of this Agreement, provided that the Employee gives notice to the Company within
thirty (30) days of the initial occurrence of the breach and it is not cured within thirty (30) days of such notice. A   material
breach of any provision of this Agreement   under this clause (ii) includes, without limitation, the Company s failure
to pay or provide salary, bonus or any other form of compensation referenced in Section 3 that is not corrected by the Company
within thirty (30) days after receiving notice from the Employee, provided such notice is provided by the Employee within thirty
(30) days of the initial occurrence of the breach; provided, further, however, that across the board reductions in compensation
or benefits affecting similarly situated employees shall not constitute a material breach of this Agreement or Good Reason; 

(iii)        The
material diminution of Employee s roles, responsibilities or scope of authority in the Company and/or the entity resulting
from a Change in Control, provided that the Employee gives notice to the Company within thirty (30) days of the initial occurrence
of the material diminution, and it is not cured within thirty (30) days of such notice; provided, further, however, that it shall
not constitute Good Reason that a Change in Control results in Employee working for a subsidiary or operating division of a larger
organization, provided that Employee s roles, responsibilities and scope of authority within that subsidiary or operating
division are comparable to Employee s roles, responsibilities and scope of authority with the Company prior to the Change
in Control.   

This definition of  Good Reason  shall be interpreted
consistent with the definition of an  involuntary separation from service  under Section 1.409A-1 (n) of the Treasury
Regulations. 

(g)             Inventions  
means any process, ideas, discoveries, creations, manuscripts and properties, innovations, improvements, know-how, inventions,
designs, developments, apparatus, techniques, methods, laboratory notebooks, formulae, writings, specifications, sound recordings,
and pictorial and graphical representations. 

(h)             Person  
means any natural person, corporation, partnership, firm, joint venture, association, joint stock company, trust, unincorporated
organization, governmental body or other entity. 

(i)           
  Subsidiary   means any corporation or other business entity directly or indirectly controlled by the corporation
in question. 

[SIGNATURE PAGE FOLLOWS] 

Exhibit 10.1  

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed
this Agreement as of the date first above written. 

ARIAD PHARMACEUTICALS, INC.   

By:  
       /s/ Paris Panayiotopoulos    

Paris Panayiotopoulos   

President and Chief Executive Officer   

EMPLOYEE   

By:  
       /s/ Elona Kogan    

Elona Kogan   

</EX-10.1>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 a2016q2exhibit3111.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 

EXHIBIT 31.1 
  CERTIFICATIONS UNDER SECTION 302 
  I, Paris Panayiotopoulos, certify that: 
    
           1. 
    I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of ARIAD Pharmaceuticals, Inc.; 
              2. 
    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
              3. 
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
              4. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
              a) 
    designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
              b) 
    designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
              c) 
    evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
              d) 
    disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
              5. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
              a) 
    all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
              b) 
    any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

November 8, 2016 

/s/ Paris Panayiotopoulos 

Paris Panayiotopoulos 

President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 a2016q2exhibit3121.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 

EXHIBIT 31.2 
  CERTIFICATIONS UNDER SECTION 302 
  I, Manmeet S. Soni, certify that: 
    
           1. 
    I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of ARIAD Pharmaceuticals, Inc.; 
              2. 
    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
              3. 
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
              4. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
              a) 
    designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
              b) 
    designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
              c) 
    evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
              d) 
    disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
              5. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
              a) 
    all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
              b) 
    any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
       
                       November 8, 2016 

/s/ Manmeet S. Soni 

Manmeet S. Soni 

Executive Vice President, 
  Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 a2016q2exhibit3211.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 

EXHIBIT 32.1 
  CERTIFICATION 
  PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
  (Subsections (a) and (b) of Section 1350, Chapter 63 of Title 18, United States Code) 
  Pursuant to section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (subsections (a) and (b) of section 1350, chapter 63 of title 18, United States Code), each of the undersigned officers of ARIAD Pharmaceuticals, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the  Company ), does hereby certify, to such officer s knowledge, that: 
  The Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended   September 30, 2016   (the  Form 10-Q ) of the Company fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and the information contained in the Form 10-Q fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
    
                       Dated: November 8, 2016 

/s/ Paris Panayiotopoulos 

Paris Panayiotopoulos 

President and Chief Executive Officer 

Dated: November 8, 2016 

/s/ Manmeet S. Soni 

Manmeet S. Soni 

Executive Vice President, 

Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 aria-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 aria-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 aria-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 aria-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 aria-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 aria-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

