<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161103_10-Q_edgar_data_1160945_0001477932-16-013247_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>621114</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>81091</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>41804</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>147442</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>152568</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>146658</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>33</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001477932-16-013247.hdr.sgml : 20161103
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161103125034
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001477932-16-013247
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		26
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161103
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161103

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			NOVA STAR INNOVATIONS INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001160945
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		IRS NUMBER:				010437914
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-33399
		FILM NUMBER:		161970900

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		369 E 900 S
		STREET 2:		#281
		CITY:			SALT LAKE CITY
		STATE:			UT
		ZIP:			84111
		BUSINESS PHONE:		801-323-2395

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		369 E 900 S
		STREET 2:		#281
		CITY:			SALT LAKE CITY
		STATE:			UT
		ZIP:			84111

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001477932-16-013247.txt : 20161103

10-Q
 1
 nova_10q.htm
 FORM 10-Q
 
   nova_10q.htm      
 
        UNITED STATES      SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION      Washington, D.C. 20549         FORM 10-Q             Commission file number:   000-33399                 NOVA STAR INNOVATIONS, INC.        (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)                 (801) 323-2395    (Registrant s telephone number, including area code)     Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes  x  No  o      Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes  x  No  o  The registrant does not have a Web site.     Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.             Large accelerated filer          Accelerated filer            Non-accelerated filer          Smaller reporting company     x         Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes  x  No  o      The number of shares outstanding of the registrant s common stock as of October 26, 2016 was 18,000,000.        

TABLE OF CONTENTS                 PART I   FINANCIAL INFORMATION                        Item 1.        Financial Statements (Unaudited)       3              Condensed Balance Sheets (Unaudited)       4              Condensed Statements of Operations (Unaudited)       5              Condensed Statements of Cash Flows (Unaudited)       6              Notes to the Unaudited Condensed Financial Statements       7         Item 2.       Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations        9         Item 3.       Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk        11         Item 4.       Controls and Procedures       11                         PART II   OTHER INFORMATION                        Item 5.       Other Information        12         Item 6.       Exhibits        13           Signatures       14                       2       
      Table of Contents            PART I   FINANCIAL INFORMATION         ITEM 1. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS        NOVA STAR INNOVATIONS, INC.      Financial Statements     September 30, 2016     (Unaudited)                 3       
      Table of Contents         Nova Star Innovations, Inc.    Condensed Balance Sheets   (Unaudited)           The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements                 4       
      Table of Contents           Nova Star Innovations, Inc.    Condensed Statements of Operations   (Unaudited)           The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements.                 5       
      Table of Contents           Nova Star Innovations, Inc.    Condensed Statements of Cash Flows   (Unaudited)           The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements                 6       
      Table of Contents           Nova Star Innovations, Inc  .    Notes to the Unaudited Condensed Financial Statements   September 30, 2016     NOTE 1   Condensed Financial Statements     The accompanying financial statements have been prepared by the Company without audit. In the opinion of management, all adjustments (which include only normal recurring adjustments) necessary to present fairly the financial position, results of operations and cash flows as of and for the period ended September 30, 2016 and for all periods presented have been made.     Certain information and footnote disclosures normally included in financial statements prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America have been condensed or omitted. It is suggested that these condensed financial statements be read in conjunction with the financial statements and notes thereto included in the Company s December 31, 2015 audited financial statements as reported in its Form 10-K. The results of operations for the period ended September 30, 2016 are not necessarily indicative of the operating results for the full year ended December 31, 2016.     NOTE 2   Going Concern     The accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. The Company has limited assets, has incurred losses since inception, has negative cash flows from operations, and has no revenue-generating activities. Its activities have been limited for the past several years and it is dependent upon financing to continue operations. These factors raise substantial doubt about the ability of the Company to continue as a going concern. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. It is management s plan to acquire or merge with other operating companies.      NOTE 3 - Recent Pronouncement     On June 10, 2014, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ("FASB") issued update ASU 2014-10, Development Stage Entities (Topic 915). Amongst other things, the amendments in this update removed the definition of development stage entity from Topic 915, thereby removing the distinction between development stage entities and other reporting entities from US GAAP. In addition, the amendments eliminate the requirements for development stage entities to (1) present inception-to-date information on the statements of income, cash flows and shareholders  equity, (2) label the financial statements as those of a development stage entity; (3) disclose a description of the development stage activities in which the entity is engaged and (4) disclose in the first year in which the entity is no longer a development stage entity that in prior years it had been in the development stage. The amendments are effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 31, 2014 and interim reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2015, however entities are permitted to early adopt for any annual or interim reporting period for which the financial statements have yet to be issued. The Company has elected to early adopt these amendments and accordingly have not labeled the financial statements as those of a development stage entity and have not presented inception-to-date information on the respective financial statements.      NOTE 4   Subsequent Events     The Company has evaluated subsequent events from the balance sheet date through the date the financial statements were issued and has determined that there are no such events that would have a material impact on the financial statements.                 7       
      Table of Contents           In this report references to  Nova Star,   the Company,   we,   us,  and  our  refer to Nova Star Innovations,   Inc.       FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS      The U. S. Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ) encourages reporting companies to disclose forward-looking information so that investors can better understand future prospects and make informed investment decisions. This report contains these types of statements. Words such as  may,   expect,   believe,   intend,   anticipate,   estimate,   project,  or  continue  or comparable terminology used in connection with any discussion of future operating results or financial performance identify forward-looking statements. You are cautioned not to place undue reliance on the forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date of this report. All forward-looking statements reflect our present expectation of future events and are subject to a number of important factors and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements.                   8       
      Table of Contents            ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS         Executive Overview       We have not recorded revenues and are dependent upon financing to continue basic operations. Management intends to rely upon advances or loans from management, significant stockholders or third parties to meet our cash requirements, but we have not entered into written agreements guaranteeing funds and, therefore, no one is obligated to provide funds to us in the future. These factors raise doubt as to our ability to continue as a going concern. Our plan is to combine with an operating company to generate revenue.      As of the date of this report, our management has not had any discussions with any representative of any other entity regarding a business combination with us. Any target business that is selected may be a financially unstable company or an entity in its early stages of development or growth, including entities without established records of sales or earnings. In that event, we will be subject to numerous risks inherent in the business and operations of financially unstable and early stage or potential emerging growth companies. In addition, we may effect a business combination with an entity in an industry characterized by a high level of risk, and, although our management will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular target business, there can be no assurance that we will properly ascertain or assess all significant risks. Any business combination or transaction may likely result in a significant issuance of shares and substantial dilution to present stockholders of the Company.      We anticipate that the selection of a business opportunity will be complex and extremely risky. Because of general economic conditions, rapid technological advances being made in some industries and shortages of available capital, our management believes that there are numerous firms seeking the perceived benefits of becoming a publicly traded corporation. Such perceived benefits of becoming a publicly traded corporation include, among other things, facilitating or improving the terms on which additional equity financing may be obtained, providing liquidity for the principals of and investors in a business, creating a means for providing incentive stock options or similar benefits to key employees, and offering greater flexibility in structuring acquisitions, joint ventures and the like through the issuance of securities. Potentially available business combinations may occur in many different industries and at various stages of development, all of which will make the task of comparative investigation and analysis of such business opportunities extremely difficult and complex.     If we obtain a business opportunity, then it may be necessary to raise additional capital. We anticipate that we will sell our common stock to raise this additional capital. We expect that we would issue such stock pursuant to exemptions to the registration requirements provided by federal and state securities laws. The purchasers and manner of issuance will be determined according to our financial needs and the available exemptions to the registration requirements of the Securities Act of 1933. We do not currently intend to make a public offering of our stock. We also note that if we issue more shares of our common stock, then our stockholders may experience dilution in the value per share of their common stock.        Liquidity and Capital Resources       We have not recorded revenues from operations since inception and have not established an ongoing source of revenue sufficient to cover our operating costs. We have relied primarily upon related parties to pay for our operating expenses. At September 30, 2016 our cash increased to $2,650 as compared to $235 at December 31, 2015 and our total liabilities increased to $235,186 at September 30, 2016 as compared to $211,121 at December 31, 2015. The increase in total liabilities primarily represents accounts payable of $5,300 for professional services performed by or paid for by a stockholder, along with loans of $8,700 and accrued interest of $10,065 incurred during the nine month period ended September 30, 2016.      We intend to obtain capital from management, significant stockholders and/or third parties to cover minimal operations; however, there is no assurance that additional funding will be available. Our ability to continue as a going concern during the long term is dependent upon our ability to find a suitable business opportunity and acquire or enter into a merger with such company. The type of business opportunity with which we acquire or merge will affect our profitability for the long term.      During the next 12 months we anticipate incurring additional costs related to the filing of Exchange Act reports. We believe we will be able to meet these costs through funds provided by management, significant stockholders and/or third parties. We may also rely on the issuance of our common stock in lieu of cash to convert debt or pay for expenses.                   9       
      Table of Contents            Results of Operations       We did not record revenues in either 2016 or 2015. General and administrative expense decreased to $11,585 for the 2016 nine month period compared to $12,750 for the 2015 nine month period. General and administrative expense decreased to $3,085 for the 2016 third quarter compared to $3,100 for the 2015 third quarter. The decrease in general and administrative expense in the 2016 nine month period primarily reflects reduced costs related to professional consulting services and other expenses paid on our behalf.      Total other expense increased to $10,065 for the 2016 nine month period compared to $8,972 for the 2015 nine month period. Total other expense increased to $3,427 for the 2016 third quarter compared to $3,065 for the 2015 third quarter. The increase for the interim periods was attributable to accrued interest on notes payable.     Our net loss decreased to $21,650 for the 2016 nine month period compared to $21,722 for the 2015 nine month period. Our net loss increased to $6,512 for the 2016 third quarter compared to $5,165 for the 2015 third quarter. Management expects net losses to continue until we acquire or merge with a business opportunity.       Commitments and Obligations       At September 30, 2016 we recorded notes payable totaling $172,526 representing services received, as well as cash advances received from related and third parties. All of the notes payable are non-collateralized, carry interest at 8% and are due on demand. Total accrued interest as of September 30, 2016 on all notes payable was $49,260.      At September 30, 2016 two lenders represent in excess of 95% of the Company s accounts payable and notes payable.       Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements       We have not entered into any off-balance sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial condition, changes in financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources and would be considered material to investors.       Critical Accounting Policies       We qualify as an  emerging growth company  under the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012 (the  JOBS Act ). As a result, we are permitted to, and intend to, rely on exemptions from certain disclosure requirements. For so long as we are an emerging growth company, among other things, we will not be required to:                    Have an auditor report on our internal controls over financial reporting pursuant to Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act;                        Submit certain executive compensation matters to shareholder advisory votes, such as  say-on-pay  and  say-on-frequency                         Obtain shareholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved; and                        Disclose certain executive compensation related items such as the correlation between executive compensation and performance and comparisons of the Chief Executives compensation to median employee compensation.                  In addition, Section 107 of the JOBS Act also provides that an emerging growth company can take advantage of the extended transition period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act for complying with new or revised accounting standards. In other words, an emerging growth company can delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies. We have elected to take advantage of the benefits of this extended transition period. Our financial statements may therefore not be comparable to those of companies that comply with such new or revised accounting standards.      We will remain an  emerging growth company  for up to five years, or until the earliest of (i) the last day of the first fiscal year in which our total annual gross revenues exceed $1 billion; (ii) the date that we become a  large accelerated filer  as defined in Rule 12b-2 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, which would occur if the market value of our ordinary shares that is held by non-affiliates exceeds $700 million as of the last business day of our most recently completed third fiscal quarter or (iii) the date on which we have issued more than $1 billion in non-convertible debt during the preceding three-year period.        ITEM 3. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK       Not applicable to smaller reporting companies.       ITEM 4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES         Disclosure Controls and Procedures       We maintain disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) or 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our filings under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the periods specified in the rules and forms of the SEC. This information is accumulated to allow our management to make timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Our President, who serves as our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this report and he determined that our disclosure controls and procedures were ineffective due to a control deficiency. During the period we did not have additional personnel to allow segregation of duties to ensure the completeness or accuracy of our information. Due to the size and operations of the Company we are unable to remediate this deficiency until we acquire or merge with another company.        Changes to Internal Control over Financial Reporting       Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act). Management conducted an evaluation of our internal control over financial reporting and determined that there were no changes made in our internal control over financial reporting during the quarter ended September 30, 2016 that have materially affected or are reasonably likely to materially affect our internal control over financial reporting.              PART II   OTHER INFORMATION         ITEM 5. OTHER INFORMATION         Departure of Directors and Certain Officers       On July 28, 2016, Debi Lee resigned her positions as Director and Secretary/Treasurer of Nova Star. The board of directors intends to fill the vacancy on the board of directors at a later date. Mr. Clayton will perform the duties of the Secretary/Treasurer until another person is appointed to that office.       Amendments to Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws       On September 13, 2016, Nova Star Innovations, Inc. filed Articles of Domestication in the state of Wyoming; effectively moving the Company s state of domicile from Nevada to Wyoming. This change of domicile did not result in any changes to the organization of the Company, nor any changes in the outstanding shares or percentage of shares held by the stockholders of the surviving domestic corporation. However, due to the change of state of incorporation the board of directors adopted new bylaws filed as exhibit 3(ii) to this Form 10-Q.               ITEM 6. EXHIBITS         Part I Exhibits               Part II Exhibits                No.        Description                         3(i)        Articles of Domestication of Nova Star Innovations, Inc., dated September 13, 2016        3(ii)        Bylaws of Nova Star Innovations, Inc.       101.INS**      XBRL Instance Document      101.SCH**      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document      101.CAL**      XBRL Taxonomy Calculation Linkbase Document      101.DEF**      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document      101.LAB**      XBRL Taxonomy Label Linkbase Document      101.PRE**      XBRL Taxonomy Presentation Linkbase Document      _____________  ** XBRL (Extensible Business Reporting Language) information is furnished and not filed or a part of a registration statement or prospectus for purposes of Sections 11 or 12 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, is deemed not filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and otherwise is not subject to liability under these sections.                     SIGNATURES       Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.                NOVA STAR INNOVATIONS, INC .                    Date: November 3, 2016  By:   /s/ Mark S. Clayton                 Mark S. Clayton             President and Director    Principal Financial Officer                   

<EX-3.(I)>
 2
 nova_ex3i.htm
 ARTICLES OF DOMESTICATION
 
   nova_ex3(i).htm      EXHIBIT 3(i)              Foreign Profit Corporation      Articles of Domestication       Pursuant to W.S. 17-16-1801 the undersigned hereby applies for a Certificate of Domestication.     1. Corporation name:     NOVA STAR INNOVATIONS, INC.      2. Incorporated under the laws of: NEVADA                                                                (State of formation)      3. Date of incorporation:       11/06/2000                                                     (mm/dd/yyyy)      4. Period of duration: PERPETUAL   (This is referring to the length of time the corporation intends to exist and not the length of time it has been in existence. The most common term used is  perpetual. )      5. Mailing address of the corporation:  2157 S LINCOLN STREET  SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH 84106     6. Principal office address:  369 EAST 900 SOUTH, #281  SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH 84111     7. Name and physical address of its registered agent:   (The registered agent may be an individual resident in Wyoming or a domestic or foreign business entity authorized to transact business in   Wyoming.  The registered agent must have a physical address in Wyoming.  If the registered office includes a suite number, it must be   included in the registered office address. A Drop Box is not acceptable. A PO Box is acceptable if listed  in addition to a physical address .)           (If mail is received at a Post Office Box, please list above  in addition to the physical address .)      8. Purpose or purposes of the corporation which it proposes to pursue in the transaction of business in Wyoming:     ANY AND ALL LEGAL AND LAWFUL PURPOSES.             9. Names and usual business addresses of its current officers and directors:            Director      Director     10. Aggregate number of shares or other ownership units which it has the  authority to issue.    (Itemize by classes, par value of shares, shares without par value and series, if any, within a class.)      20,000,000 COMMON SHARES, 0 NO PAR SHARE COUNT, $0.001 PAR SHARE VALUE     11. Aggregate number of  issued shares  or other ownership units.   (Itemize by classes, par value of shares, shares without par value and series, if any, within a class.)      18,000,000 SHARES ISSUED AND OUTSTANDING     12. The corporation accepts the constitution of the state of Wyoming in compliance with the requirement of Article 10, Section 5 of the Wyoming Constitution.      Signature:   / s/     Mark Clayton                                                                                Date:  9/01/2016                                                   (mm/dd/yyyy)      Print Name: MARK CLAYTON      Title: PRESIDENT                                                                                           Contact Person: KENNEDY CLAYTON     Daytime Phone Number : (801) 323-2395                                                       Email: reception.feh@hotmail.com                                                                                                         (Email provided will receive annual report reminders and filing evidence)                                                                                                                                   *May list multiple email addresses                        REQUIRED ATTACHMENTS TO INCLUDE WITH THE FILING:       A  certified copy of its  original  articles of organization and all amendments  currently certified within the last six (6) months by the proper officer of the state of formation.     The completed application must be accompanied by an  original certificate of existence/good standing , dated  not   more than thirty (30) days  prior to filing in Wyoming, duly authenticated by the Secretary of State or other official having custody of corporate records in the state of formation.                  

</EX-3.(I)>

<EX-3.(II)>
 3
 nova_ex3ii.htm
 BYLAWS
 
   nova_ex3(ii).htm      EXHIBIT 3(ii)         BYLAWS    OF    NOVA STAR INNOVATIONS, INC.       ARTICLE 1. OFFICES       1.1 Business Office.  The principal office of the corporation shall be located at any place either within or outside the State of Wyoming as designated in the corporation's most recent document on file with the Wyoming Secretary of State, Division of Corporations. The corporation may have such other offices, either within or without the State of Wyoming as the board of directors may designate or as the business of the corporation may require from time to time.      1.2 Registered Office.  The registered office of the corporation shall be located within the State of Wyoming and may be, but need not be, identical with the principal office. The address of the registered office may be changed from time to time.      ARTICLE 2. SHAREHOLDERS       2.1 Annual Shareholder Meeting.  The annual meeting of the shareholders shall be fixed by the board of directors, for the purpose of electing directors and for the transaction of such other business as may come before the meeting. If the day fixed for the annual meeting shall be a legal holiday in the State of Wyoming, such meeting shall be held on the next succeeding business day.      2.2 Special Shareholder Meeting.  Special meetings of the shareholders, for any purpose or purposes described in the meeting notice, may be called by the president, or by the board of directors, and shall be called by the president at the request of the holders of not less than ten percent (10%) of all outstanding votes of the corporation entitled to be cast on any issue at the meeting.      2.3 Place of Shareholder Meeting.  The board of directors may designate any place, either within or without the State of Wyoming, as the place of meeting for any annual or any special meeting of the shareholders, unless by written consent, which may be in the form of waivers of notice or otherwise, all shareholders entitled to vote at the meeting designate a different place, either within or without the State of Wyoming, as the place for the holding of such meeting. If no designation is made by either the directors or unanimous action of the voting shareholders, the place of meeting shall be at the location of the Corporation.      2.4 Notice of Shareholder Meeting.  Written notice stating the date, time, and place of any annual or special shareholder meeting shall be delivered not less than 10 nor more than 60 days before the date of the meeting, either personally or by mail, by or at the direction of the President, the board of directors, or other persons calling the meeting, to each shareholder of record entitled to vote at such meeting and to any other shareholder entitled by the General Corporation Law of the State of Wyoming (the "Statutes") or the articles of incorporation to receive notice of the meeting. Notice shall be deemed to be effective at the earlier of: (1) when deposited in the United States mail, addressed to the shareholder at his address as it appears on the stock transfer books of the corporation, with postage thereon prepaid; (2) on the date shown on the return receipt if sent by registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, and the receipt is signed by or on behalf of the addressee; (3) when received; or (4) 3 days after deposit in the United States mail, if mailed postpaid and correctly addressed to an address other than that shown in the corporation's current record of shareholders.            If any shareholder meeting is adjourned to a different date, time or place, notice need not be given of the new date, time and place, if the new date, time and place is announced at the meeting before adjournment. But if the adjournment is for more than 30 days or if a new record date for the adjourned meeting is or must be fixed, then notice must be given pursuant to the requirements of the previous paragraph, to those persons who are shareholders as of the new record date.      2.5 Waiver of Notice.  A shareholder may waive any notice required by the Statutes, the articles of incorporation, or these bylaws, by a writing signed by the shareholder entitled to the notice, which is delivered to the corporation (either before or after the date and time stated in the notice) for inclusion in the minutes or filing with the corporate records.     A shareholder's attendance at a meeting:     (a) waives objection to lack of notice or defective notice of the meeting, unless the shareholder at the beginning of the meeting objects to holding the meeting or transacting business at the meeting because of lack of notice or effective notice; and     (b) waives objection to consideration of a particular matter at the meeting that is not within the purpose or purposes described in the meeting notice, unless the shareholder objects to considering the matter when it is presented.      2.6 Fixing of Record Date.  For the purpose of determining shareholders of any voting group entitled to notice of or to vote at any meeting of shareholders, or shareholders entitled to receive payment of any distribution, or in order to make a determination of shareholders for any other proper purpose, the board of directors may fix in advance a date as the record date. Such record date shall not be more than 70 days prior to the date on which the particular action, requiring such determination of shareholders, is to be taken. If no record date is so fixed by the board for the determination of shareholders entitled to notice of, or to vote at a meeting of shareholders, the record date for determination of such shareholders shall be at the close of business on the day the first notice is delivered to shareholders. If no record date is fixed by the board for the determination of shareholders entitled to receive a distribution, the record date shall be the date the board authorizes the distribution. With respect to actions taken in writing without a meeting, the record date shall be the date the first shareholder signs the consent.            When a determination of shareholders entitled to vote at any meeting of shareholders has been made as provided in this Section, such determination shall apply to any adjournment thereof unless the board of directors fixes a new record date which it must do if the meeting is adjourned to a date more than 120 days after the date fixed for the original meeting.      2.7 Shareholder List.  After fixing a record date for a shareholder meeting, the corporation shall prepare a list of the names of its shareholders entitled to be given notice of the meeting. The shareholder list must be available for inspection by any shareholder, beginning on the earlier of 10 days before the meeting for which the list was prepared or 2 business days after notice of the meeting is given for which the list was prepared and continuing through the meeting, and any adjournment thereof. The list shall be available at the corporation's principal office or at a place identified in the meeting notice in the city where the meeting is to be held.      2.8 Shareholder Quorum and Voting Requirements.      2.8.1 Quorum. Except as otherwise required by the Statutes or the articles of incorporation, a majority of the outstanding shares of the corporation, represented by person or by proxy, shall constitute a quorum at each meeting of the shareholders. If a quorum exists, action on a matter, other than the election of directors, is approved if the votes cast favoring the action exceed the votes cast opposing the action, unless the articles of incorporation or the Statutes require a greater number of affirmative votes.      2.8.2 Voting of Shares. Unless otherwise provided in the articles of incorporation or these bylaws, each outstanding share, regardless of class, is entitled to one vote upon each matter submitted to a vote at a meeting of shareholders.      2.9 Quorum and Voting Requirements of Voting Groups.  If the articles of incorporation or the Statutes provide for voting by a single voting group on a matter, action on that matter is taken when voted upon by that voting group.     Once a share is represented for any purpose at a meeting, it is deemed present for quorum purposes for the remainder of the meeting and for any adjournment of that meeting unless a new record date is or must be set for that adjourned meeting.     Shares entitled to vote as a separate voting group may take action on a matter at a meeting only if a quorum of those shares exists with respect to that matter. Unless the articles of incorporation or the Statutes provide otherwise, a majority of the votes entitled to be cast on the matter by the voting group constitutes a quorum of that voting group for action on that matter.            If the articles of incorporation or the Statutes provide for voting by two or more voting groups on a matter, action on that matter is taken only when voted upon by each of those voting groups counted separately. Action may be taken by one voting group on a matter even though no action is taken by another voting group entitled to vote on the matter.     If a quorum exists, action on a matter, other than the election of directors, by a voting group is approved if the votes cast within the voting group favoring the action exceed the votes cast opposing the action, unless the articles of incorporation or the Statutes require a greater number of affirmative votes.      2.10 Greater Quorum or Voting Requirements.  The articles of incorporation may provide for a greater quorum or voting requirement for shareholders, or voting groups of shareholders, than is provided for by these bylaws. An amendment to the articles of incorporation that adds, changes, or deletes a greater quorum or voting requirement for shareholders must meet the same quorum requirement and be adopted by the same vote and voting groups required to take action under the quorum and voting requirement then in effect or proposed to be adopted, whichever is greater.      2.11 Proxies.  At all meetings of shareholders, a shareholder may vote in person or by proxy which is executed in writing by the shareholder or which is executed by his duly authorized attorney-in-fact. Such proxy shall be filed with the Secretary of the corporation or other person authorized to tabulate votes before or at the time of the meeting. No proxy shall be valid after 11 months from the date of its execution unless otherwise provided in the proxy. All proxies are revocable unless they meet specific requirements of irrevocability set forth in the Statutes. The death or incapacity of a voter does not invalidate a proxy unless the corporation is put on notice. A transferee for value who receives shares subject to an irrevocable proxy, can revoke the proxy if he had no notice of the proxy.      2.12 Corporation's Acceptance of Votes.      2.12.1 If the name signed on a vote, consent, waiver, proxy appointment, or proxy appointment revocation corresponds to the name of a shareholder, the corporation, if acting in good faith, is entitled to accept the vote, consent, waiver, proxy appointment, or proxy appointment revocation and give it effect as the act of the shareholder.     2.12.2 If the name signed on a vote, consent, waiver, proxy appointment, or proxy appointment revocation does not correspond to the name of a shareholder, the corporation, if acting in good faith, is nevertheless entitled to accept the vote, consent, waiver, proxy appointment, or proxy appointment revocation and give it effect as the act of the shareholder if:      (a) the shareholder is an entity as defined in the Statutes and the name signed purports to be that of an officer or agent of the entity;           (b) the name signed purports to be that of an administrator, executor, guardian, or conservator representing the shareholder and, if the corporation requests, evidence of fiduciary status acceptable to the corporation has been presented with respect to the vote, consent, waiver, proxy appointment or proxy appointment revocation;     (c) the name signed purports to be that of a receiver or trustee in bankruptcy of the shareholder and, if the corporation requests, evidence of this status acceptable to the corporation has been presented with respect to the vote, consent, waiver, proxy appointment, or proxy appointment revocation; or     (d) the name signed purports to be that of a pledgee, beneficial owner, or attorney- in-fact of the shareholder and, if the corporation requests, evidence acceptable to the corporation of the signatory's authority to sign for the shareholder has been presented with respect to the vote, consent, waiver, proxy appointment or proxy appointment revocation; or     (e) two or more persons are the shareholder as co-tenants or fiduciaries and the name signed purports to be the name of at least one of the co-owners and the person signing appears to be acting on behalf of all co-tenants or fiduciaries.     2.12.3 If shares are registered in the names of two or more persons, whether fiduciaries, members of a partnership, co-tenants, husband and wife as community property, voting trustees, persons entitled to vote under a shareholder voting agreement or otherwise, or if two or more persons (including proxy holders) have the same fiduciary relationship respecting the same shares, unless the secretary of the corporation or other officer or agent entitled to tabulate votes is given written notice to the contrary and is furnished with a copy of the instrument or order appointing them or creating the relationship wherein it is so provided, their acts with respect to voting shall have the following effect:     (a) if only one votes, such act binds all;     (b) if more than one votes, the act of the majority so voting bind all;     (c) if more than one votes, but the vote is evenly split on any particular matter, each fraction may vote the securities in question proportionately.     If the instrument so filed or the registration of the shares shows that any tenancy is held in unequal interests, a majority or even split for the purpose of this Section shall be a majority or even split in interest.      2.12.4 The corporation is entitled to reject a vote, consent, waiver, proxy appointment or proxy appointment revocation if the secretary or other officer or agent authorized to tabulate votes, acting in good faith, has reasonable basis for doubt about the validity of the signature on it or about the signatory's authority to sign for the shareholder.           2.12.5 The corporation and its officer or agent who accepts or rejects a vote, consent, waiver, proxy appointment or proxy appointment revocation in good faith and in accordance with the standards of this Section are not liable in damages to the shareholder for the consequences of the acceptance or rejection.     2.12.6 Corporate action based on the acceptance or rejection of a vote, consent, waiver, proxy appointment or proxy appointment revocation under this Section is valid unless a court of competent jurisdiction determines otherwise.      2.13 Action by Shareholders Without a Meeting.      2.13.1 Written Consent. Any action required or permitted to be taken at a meeting of the shareholders may be taken without a meeting and without prior notice if one or more consents in writing, setting forth the action so taken, shall be signed by the holders of outstanding shares having not less than the minimum number of votes that would be necessary to authorize or take such action at a meeting at which all shareholders entitled to vote with respect to the subject matter thereof were present and voted. Action taken under this Section has the same effect as action taken at a duly called and convened meeting of shareholders and may be described as such in any document.     2.13.2 Post-Consent Notice. Unless the written consents of all shareholders entitled to vote have been obtained, notice of any shareholder approval without a meeting shall be given at least ten days before the consummation of the action authorized by such approval to (i) those shareholders entitled to vote who did not consent in writing, and (ii) those shareholders not entitled to vote. Any such notice must be accompanied by the same material that is required under the Statutes to be sent in a notice of meeting at which the proposed action would have been submitted to the shareholders for action.     2.13.3 Effective Date and Revocation of Consents. No action taken pursuant to this Section shall be effective unless all written consents necessary to support the action are received by the corporation within a sixty-day period and not revoked. Such action is effective as of the date the last written consent is received necessary to effect the action, unless all of the written consents specify an earlier or later date as the effective date of the action. Any shareholder giving a written consent pursuant to this Section may revoke the consent by a signed writing describing the action and stating that the consent is revoked, provided that such writing is received by the corporation prior to the effective date of the action.     2.13.4 Unanimous Consent for Election of Directors. Notwithstanding subsection (a), directors may not be elected by written consent unless such consent is unanimous by all shares entitled to vote for the election of directors.      2.14 Voting for Directors.  Unless otherwise provided in the articles of incorporation, every shareholder entitled to vote for the election of directors has the right to cast, in person or by proxy, all of the votes to which the shareholder's shares are entitled for as many persons as there are directors to be elected and for whom election such shareholder has the right to vote. Directors are elected by a plurality of the votes cast by the shares entitled to vote in the election at a meeting at which a quorum is present.            ARTICLE 3. BOARD OF DIRECTORS       3.1 General Powers.  Unless the articles of incorporation have dispensed with or limited the authority of the board of directors by describing who will perform some or all of the duties of a board of directors, all corporate powers shall be exercised by or under the authority, and the business and affairs of the corporation shall be managed under the direction, of the board of directors.       3.2 Number, Tenure and Qualification of Directors.  The authorized number of directors shall be not less than one (1); provided, however, that if the corporation has less than one shareholders entitled to vote for the election of directors, the board of directors may consist of a number of individuals equal to or greater than the number of those shareholders. The number of directors for each corporate year may be increased by a vote at the meeting of directors or shareholders. Each director shall hold office until the next annual meeting of shareholders or until the director's earlier death, resignation, or removal. However, if his term expires, he shall continue to serve until his successor shall have been elected and qualified, or until there is a decrease in the number of directors. Directors do not need to be residents of Wyoming or shareholders of the corporation.      3.3 Regular Meetings of the Board of Directors.  A regular meeting of the board of directors shall be held without other notice than this bylaw immediately after, and at the same place as, the annual meeting of shareholders, for the purpose of appointing officers and transacting such other business as may come before the meeting. The board of directors may provide, by resolution, the time and place for the holding of additional regular meetings without other notice than such resolution.      3.4 Special Meetings of the Board of Directors.  Special meetings of the board of directors may be called by or at the request of the president or any director. The person authorized to call special meetings of the board of directors may fix any place as the place for holding any special meeting of the board of directors.      3.5 Notice of, and Waiver of Notice for, Special Director Meeting.  Unless the articles of incorporation provide for a longer or shorter period, notice of the date, time, and place of any special director meeting shall be given at least two days previously thereto either orally or in writing. Any director may waive notice of any meeting. Except as provided in the next sentence, the waiver must be in writing and signed by the director entitled to the notice. The attendance of a director at a meeting shall constitute a waiver of notice of such meeting, except where a director attends a meeting for the express purpose of objecting to the transaction of any business and at the beginning of the meeting (or promptly upon his arrival) objects to holding the meeting or transacting business at the meeting, and does not thereafter vote for or assent to action taken at the meeting. Unless required by the articles of incorporation, neither the business to be transacted at, nor the purpose of, any special meeting of the board of directors need be specified in the notice or waiver of notice of such meeting.             3.6 Director Quorum and Voting.      3.6.1 Quorum. A majority of the number of directors prescribed by resolution shall constitute a quorum for the transaction of business at any meeting of the board of directors unless the articles of incorporation require a greater percentage.     Unless the articles of incorporation provide otherwise, any or all directors may participate in a regular or special meeting by, or conduct the meeting through the use of, any means of communication by which all directors participating may simultaneously hear each other during the meeting. A director participating in a meeting by this means is deemed to be present in person at the meeting.     A director who is present at a meeting of the board of directors or a committee of the board of directors when corporate action is taken is deemed to have assented to the action taken unless: (1) the director objects at the beginning of the meeting (or promptly upon his arrival) to holding or transacting business at the meeting and does not thereafter vote for or assent to any action taken at the meeting; and (2) the director contemporaneously requests his dissent or abstention as to any specific action be entered in the minutes of the meeting; or (3) the director causes written notice of his dissent or abstention as to any specific action be received by the presiding officer of the meeting before its adjournment or to the corporation immediately after adjournment of the meeting. The right of dissent or abstention is not available to a director who votes in favor of the action taken.      3.7 Director Action Without a Meeting.  Any action required or permitted to be taken by the board of directors at a meeting may be taken without a meeting if all the directors consent to such action in writing. Action taken by consent is effective when the last director signs the consent, unless, prior to such time, any director has revoked a consent by a signed writing received by the corporation, or unless the consent specifies a different effective date. A signed consent has the effect of a meeting vote and may be described as such in any document.      3.8 Resignation of Directors.  A director may resign at any time by giving a written notice of resignation to the corporation. Such resignation is effective when the notice is received by the corporation, unless the notice specifies a later effective date.      3.9 Removal of Directors.  The shareholders may remove one or more directors at a meeting called for that purpose if notice has been given that a purpose of the meeting is such removal. The removal may be with or without cause unless the articles of incorporation provide that directors may only be removed with cause. If a director is elected by a voting group of shareholders, only the shareholders of that voting group may participate in the vote to remove him. A director may be removed only if the number of votes cast to remove him exceeds the number of votes cast not to remove him.              3.10 Board of Director Vacancies.  Unless the articles of incorporation provide otherwise, if a vacancy occurs on the board of directors, including a vacancy resulting from an increase in the number of directors, the shareholders may fill the vacancy. During such time that the shareholders fail or are unable to fill such vacancies then and until the shareholders act:     (a) the board of directors may fill the vacancy; or     (b) if the board of directors remaining in office constitute fewer than a quorum of the board, they may fill the vacancy by the affirmative vote of a majority of all the directors remaining in office.     If the vacant office was held by a director elected by a voting group of shareholders:     (a) if there are one or more directors elected by the same voting group, only such directors are entitled to vote to fill the vacancy if it is filled by the directors; and     (b) only the holders of shares of that voting group are entitled to vote to fill the vacancy if it is filled by the shareholders.     A vacancy that will occur at a specific later date (by reason of a resignation effective at a later date) may be filled before the vacancy occurs but the new director may not take office until the vacancy occurs.       3.11 Director Compensation.  By resolution of the board of directors, each director may be paid his expenses, if any, of attendance at each meeting of the board of directors and may be paid a stated salary as director or a fixed sum for attendance at each meeting of the board of directors or both. No such payment shall preclude any director from serving the corporation in any other capacity and receiving compensation therefor.      3.12 Director Committees.      3.12.1 Creation of Committees. Unless the articles of incorporation provide otherwise, the board of directors may create one or more committees and appoint members of the board of directors to serve on them. Each committee must have one or more members, who shall serve at the pleasure of the board of directors.     3.12.2 Selection of Members.The creation of a committee and appointment of members to it must be approved by the greater of (1) a majority of all the directors in office when the action is taken or (2) the number of directors required by the articles of incorporation to take such action.            3.12.3 Required Procedures. Those Sections of this Article 3 which govern meetings, actions without meetings, notice and waiver of notice, quorum and voting requirements of the board of directors, apply to committees and their members.     3.12.4 Authority. Unless limited by the articles of incorporation, each committee may exercise those aspects of the authority of the board of directors which the board of directors confers upon such committee in the resolution creating the committee. Provided, however, a committee may not:      (a) authorize distributions;     (b) approve or propose to shareholders action that the Statutes require be approved by shareholders;      (c) fill vacancies on the board of directors or on any of its committees;     (d) amend the articles of incorporation pursuant to the authority of directors to do so;     (e) adopt, amend or repeal bylaws;     (f) approve a plan of merger not requiring shareholder approval;     (g) authorize or approve reacquisition of shares, except according to a formula or method prescribed by the board of directors; or     (h) authorize or approve the issuance or sale or contract for sale of shares or determine the designation and relative rights, preferences, and limitations of a class or series of shares, except that the board of directors may authorize a committee (or an officer) to do so within limits specifically prescribed by the board of directors.      ARTICLE 4. OFFICERS       4.1 Number of Officers.  The officers of the corporation shall be a president, a secretary and a treasurer, each of whom shall be appointed by the board of directors. Such other officers and assistant officers as may be deemed necessary, including any vice presidents, may also be appointed by the board of directors. If specifically authorized by the board of directors, an officer may appoint one or more officers or assistant officers. The same individual may simultaneously hold more than one office in the corporation.              4.2 Appointment and Term of Office.  The officers of the corporation shall be appointed by the board of directors for a term as determined by the board of directors. If no term is specified, they shall hold office until the first meeting of the directors held after the next annual meeting of shareholders. If the appointment of officers shall not be made at such meeting, such appointment shall be made as soon thereafter as is convenient. Each officer shall hold office until his successor shall have been duly appointed and shall have qualified until his death, or until he shall resign or is removed.     The designation of a specified term does not grant to the officer any contract rights, and the board may remove the officer at any time prior to the termination of such term.      4.3 Removal of Officers.  Any officer or agent may be removed by the board of directors at any time, with or without cause. Such removal shall be without prejudice to the contract rights, if any, of the person so removed. Appointment of an officer or agent shall not of itself create contract rights.       4.4 Resignation of Officers.  Any officer may resign at any time, subject to any rights or obligations under any existing contracts between the officers and the corporation, by giving notice to the president or board of directors. An officer's resignation shall take effect at the time specified therein, and the acceptance of such resignation shall not be necessary to make  it effective.      4.5 President.  Unless the board of directors has designated the chairman of the board as chief executive officer, the president shall be the chief executive officer of the corporation and, subject to the control of the board of directors, shall in general supervise and control all of the business and affairs of the corporation. Unless there is a chairman of the board, the president shall, when present, preside at all meetings of the shareholders and of the board of directors. The president may sign, with the secretary or any other proper officer of the corporation thereunder authorized by the board of directors, certificates for shares of the corporation and deeds, mortgages, bonds, contracts, or other instruments which the board of directors has authorized to be executed, except in cases where the signing and execution thereof shall be expressly delegated by the board f directors or by these bylaws to some other officer or agent of the corporation, or shall be required by law to be otherwise signed or executed; and in general shall perform all duties incident to the office of president and such other duties as may be prescribed by the board of directors from time to time.      4.6 Vice Presidents.  If appointed, in the absence of the president or in the event of his death, inability or refusal to act, the vice president (or in the event there be more than one vice president, the vice presidents in the order designate at the time of their election, or in the absence of any designation, then in the order of their appointment) shall perform the duties of the president, and when so acting, shall have all the powers of, and be subject to, all the restrictions upon the president.      4.7 Secretary.  The secretary shall: (a) keep the minutes of the proceedings of the shareholders, the board of directors, and any committees of the board in one or more books provided for that purpose; (b) see that all notices are duly given in accordance with the provisions of these bylaws or as required by law; (c) be custodian of the corporate records; (d) when requested or required, authenticate any records of the corporation; (e) keep a register of the post office address of each shareholder which shall be furnished to the secretary by such shareholder; (f) sign with the president, or a vice president, certificates for shares of the corporation, the issuance of which shall have been authorized by resolution of the board of directors; (g) have general charge of the stock transfer books of the corporation; and (h) in general perform all duties incident to the office of secretary and such other duties as from time to time may be assigned by the president or by the board of directors. Assistant secretaries, if any, shall have the same duties and powers, subject to the supervision of the secretary.            4.8 Treasurer.  The treasurer shall: (a) have charge and custody of and be responsible for all funds and securities of the corporation; (b) receive and give receipts for monies due and payable to the corporation from any source whatsoever, and deposit all such moneys in the name of the corporation in such bank, trust companies, or other depositaries as shall be selected by the board of directors; and (c) in general perform all of the duties incident to the office of treasurer and such other duties as from time to time may be assigned by the president or by the board of directors. If required by the board of directors, the treasurer shall give a bond for the faithful discharge of his or her duties in such sum and with such surety or sureties as the board of directors shall determine. Assistant treasurers, if any, shall have the same powers and duties, subject to the supervision of the treasurer.       4.9 Salaries.  The salaries of the officers shall be fixed from time to time by the board of directors.      ARTICLE 5. INDEMNIFICATION        5.1. Indemnification of Directors.  Unless otherwise provided in the articles of incorporation, the corporation shall indemnify any individual made a party to a proceeding because the individual is or was a director of the corporation, against liability incurred in the proceeding, if the individual is wholly successful on the merits or otherwise.      5.2. Advance of Expenses for Directors.  Unless otherwise provided in the articles of incorporation, the corporation may indemnify and advance reasonable expenses to any individual made a party to a proceeding because the individual is or was a director or officer of the corporation, against liability incurred in the proceeding, if the individual shall demonstrate that:      (a) he or she conducted himself in good faith; and     (b) he or she reasonably believed in the case of conduct in his official capacity with the corporation, that his conduct was in its best interests; and     (c) in the case of any criminal proceeding, he or she had no reasonable cause to believe his conduct was unlawful.             5.3. Insurance.  The Board of Directors may cause the corporation to purchase and maintain insurance on behalf of any person who is or was a director or officer of the corporation or is or was serving at the request of the corporation as a director or officer of another corporation, or as its representative in a partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise against any liability asserted against such person and incurred in any such capacity or arising out of such status, whether or not the corporation would have the power to indemnify such person.      5.4. Amendments.  The Board of Directors may from time to time adopt further Bylaws with respect to indemnification and may amend these and such Bylaws to provide at all times the fullest indemnification permitted by the General Corporation Law of the State of Wyoming      ARTICLE 6. STOCK       6.1 Issuance of Shares.  The issuance or sale by the corporation of any shares of its authorized capital stock of any class, including treasury shares, shall be made only upon authorization by the board of directors, unless otherwise provided by statute. The board of directors may authorize the issuance of shares for consideration consisting of any tangible or intangible property or benefit to the corporation, including cash, promissory notes, services performed, contracts or arrangements for services to be performed, or other securities of the corporation. Shares shall be issued for such consideration expressed in dollars as shall be fixed from time to time by the board of directors.      6.2 Certificates for Shares.       6.2.1 Content. Certificates representing shares of the corporation shall at minimum, state on their face the name of the issuing corporation and that it is formed under the laws of the State of Wyoming; the name of the person to whom issued; and the number and class of shares and the designation of the series, if any, the certificate represents; and be in such form as determined by the board of directors. Such certificates shall be signed (either manually or by facsimile) by the president or a vice president and by the secretary or an assistant secretary and may be sealed with a corporate seal or a facsimile thereof. Each certificate for shares shall be consecutively numbered or otherwise identified.      6.2.2 Legend as to Class or Series.If the corporation is authorized to issue different classes of shares or different series within a class, the designations, relative rights, preferences and limitations applicable to each class and the variations in rights, preferences and limitations determined for each series (and the authority of the board of directors to determine variations for future series) must be summarized on the front or back of each certificate. Alternatively, each certificate may state conspicuously on its front or back that the corporation will furnish the shareholder this information on request in writing and without charge.            6.2.3 Shareholder List.The name and address of the person to whom the shares represented thereby are issued, with the number of shares and date of issue, shall be entered on the stock transfer books of the corporation.      6.2.4 Transferring Shares. All certificates surrendered to the corporation for transfer shall be canceled and no new certificate shall be issued until the former certificate for a like number of shares shall have been surrendered and canceled, except that in cash of a lost, destroyed, or mutilated certificate, a new one may be issued therefor upon such terms and indemnity to the corporation as the board of directors may prescribe.      6.3 Shares Without Certificates.      6.3.1 Issuing Shares Without Certificates. Unless the articles of incorporation provide otherwise, the board of directors may authorize the issue of some or all the shares of any or all of its classes or series without certificates. The authorization does not affect shares already represented by certificates until they are surrendered to the corporation.     6.3.2 Information Statement Required. Within a reasonable time after the issue or transfer of shares without certificates, the corporation shall send the shareholder a written statement containing, at a minimum, the information required by the Statutes.      6.4 Registration of the Transfer of Shares.  Registration of the transfer of shares of the corporation shall be made only on the stock transfer books of the corporation. In order to register a transfer, the record owner shall surrender the shares to the corporation for cancellation, properly endorsed by the appropriate person or persons with reasonable assurances that the endorsements are genuine and effective. Unless the corporation has established a procedure by which a beneficial owner of shares held by a nominee is to be recognized by the corporation as the owner, the person in whose name shares stand in the books of the corporation shall be deemed by the corporation to be the owner thereof for all purposes.      6.5 Restrictions on Transfer or Registration of Shares.  The board of directors or shareholders may impose restrictions on the transfer or registration of transfer of shares (including any security convertible into, or carrying a right to subscribe for or acquire shares). A restriction does not affect shares issued before the restriction was adopted unless the holders of the shares are parties to the restriction agreement or voted in favor of or otherwise consented to the restriction.             A restriction on the transfer or registration of transfer of shares maybe authorized:     (a) to maintain the corporation's status when it is dependent on the number or identity of its shareholders;     (b) to preserve entitlements, benefits or exemptions under federal or local laws; and     (c) for any other reasonable purpose.     A restriction on the transfer or registration of transfer of shares may:     (a) obligate the shareholder first to offer the corporation or other persons (separately, consecutively or simultaneously) an opportunity to acquire the restricted shares;     (b) obligate the corporation or other persons (separately, consecutively or simultaneously) to acquire the restricted shares;      (c) require as a condition to such transfer or registration, that any one or more persons, including the holders of any of its shares, approve the transfer or registration if the requirement is not manifestly unreasonable; or     (d) prohibit the transfer or the registration of transfer of the restricted shares to designated persons or classes of persons, if the prohibition is not manifestly unreasonable.     A restriction on the transfer or registration of transfer of shares is valid and enforceable against the holder or a transferee of the holder if the restriction is authorized by this Section and its existence is noted conspicuously on the front or back of the certificate or is contained in the information statement required by this Article 6 with regard to shares issued without certificates. Unless so noted, a restriction is not enforceable against a person without knowledge of the restriction.       6.6 Corporation's Acquisition of Shares.  The corporation may acquire its own shares and the shares so acquired constitute authorized but unissued shares.     If the articles of incorporation prohibit the reissue of acquired shares, the number of authorized shares is reduced by the number of shares acquired, effective upon amendment of the articles of incorporation, which amendment may be adopted by the shareholders or the board of directors without shareholder action. The articles of amendment must be delivered to the Secretary of State and must set forth:     (a) the name of the corporation;     (b) the reduction in the number of authorized shares, itemized by class and series;           (c) the total number of authorized shares, itemized by class and series, remaining after reduction of the shares; and     (d) a statement that the amendment was adopted by the board of directors without shareholder action and that shareholder action was not required.      ARTICLE 7. DISTRIBUTIONS       7.1 Distributions to Shareholders.  The board of directors may authorize, and the corporation may make, distributions to the shareholders of the corporation subject to any restriction sin the corporation's articles of incorporation and in the Statutes.      7.2 Unclaimed Distributions.  If the corporation has mailed three successive distributions to a shareholder at the shareholder's address as shown on the corporation's current record of shareholders and the distributions have been returned as undeliverable, no further attempt to deliver distributions to the shareholder need be made until another address for the shareholder is made known to the corporation, at which time all distributions accumulated by reason of this Section, except as otherwise provided by law, be mailed to the shareholder at such other address.      ARTICLE 8. MISCELLANEOUS       8.1 Inspection of Records by Shareholders and Directors.  A shareholder or director of a corporation is entitled to inspect and copy, during regular business hours at the corporation's principal office, any of the records of the corporation required to be maintained by the corporation under the Statutes, if such person gives the corporation written notice of the demand at least five business days before the date on which such a person wishes to inspect and copy. The scope of such inspection right shall be as provided under the Statutes.      8.2 Amendments.  The corporation's board of directors may amend or repeal the corporation's bylaws at any time unless:     (a) the articles of incorporation or the Statutes reserve this power exclusively to the shareholders in whole or part; or      (b) the shareholders in adopting, amending, or repealing a particular bylaw provide expressly that the board of directors may not amend or repeal that bylaw; or     (c) the bylaw either establishes, amends, or deletes, a greater shareholder quorum or voting requirement.      Any amendment which changes the voting or quorum requirement for the board must meet the same quorum requirement and be adopted by the same vote and voting groups required to take action under the quorum and voting requirements then in effect or proposed to be adopted, whichever are greater.            8.3 Fiscal Year.  The fiscal year of the corporation shall be established by the board of directors.       /s/ Mark Clayton                                                    Mark Clayton, President               

</EX-3.(II)>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 nova_ex311.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
   nova_ex311.htm      EXHIBIT 31.1       PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER CERTIFICATION      I, Mark S. Clayton, certify that:            1.  I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Nova Star Innovations, Inc.;               2.  Based on my knowledge, this quarterly report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statement made, in light of the circumstances under which statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this quarterly report;               3.  Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report.               4.  The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:                       (a)  Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;                         (b)  Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;                         (c)  Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and                         (d)  Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and                  5.  The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent function):                    (a)  All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and                         (b)  Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.                              Date: November 3, 2016  By:    /s/ Mark S. Clayton                   Mark S. Clayton  Principal Executive Officer             

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 nova_ex312.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
   nova_ex312.htm      EXHIBIT 31.2       PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER CERTIFICATION      I, Mark S. Clayton, certify that:            1.  I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Nova Star Innovations, Inc.;               2.  Based on my knowledge, this quarterly report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statement made, in light of the circumstances under which statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this quarterly report;               3.  Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report.               4.  The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:                       (a)  Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;                         (b)  Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;                         (c)  Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and                         (d)  Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and                  5.  The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent function):                    (a)  All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and                         (b)  Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.                     Date: November 3, 2016   By:      /s/ Mark S. Clayton                 Mark S. Clayton  Principal Financial Officer            

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 nova_ex321.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
   nova_ex321.htm      EXHIBIT 32.1       NOVA STAR INNOVATIONS, INC.       CERTIFICATION OF PERIODIC REPORT   Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002  18 U.S.C. Section 1350     The undersigned executive officer of Nova Star Innovations, Inc. certifies pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 that:                 a.  the quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Nova Star Innovations, Inc. for the quarter ended September 30, 2016 fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and                         b.  the information contained in the Form 10-Q fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of Nova Star Innovations, Inc..                    Date: November 3, 2016   By:    /s/ Mark S. Clayton                   Mark S. Clayton  Principal Executive Officer  Principal Financial Officer               

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.INS>
 7
 nova-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 nova-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 9
 nova-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 nova-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 nova-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 nova-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

