<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161109_10-Q_edgar_data_1099160_0001193125-16-763905_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>2163477</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>71587</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>154619</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>301942</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>960288</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>586139</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>20</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>8</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001193125-16-763905.hdr.sgml : 20161109
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161109102955
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-16-763905
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		45
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161109
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161109

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			BEASLEY BROADCAST GROUP INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001099160
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	RADIO BROADCASTING STATIONS [4832]
		IRS NUMBER:				650960915
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-29253
		FILM NUMBER:		161983061

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3033 RIVIERA DRIVE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 200
		CITY:			NAPLES
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			34103
		BUSINESS PHONE:		9412635000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3033 RIVIERA DRIVE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 200
		CITY:			NAPLES
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			34103

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001193125-16-763905.txt : 20161109

10-Q
 1
 d249648d10q.htm
 FORM 10-Q

Form 10-Q 

UNITED STATES   
  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION   
  WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549        
       FORM 10-Q

For the Quarterly Period Ended September 30, 2016   
  OR       
 
  Commission File No. 0-29253        
       BEASLEY
BROADCAST GROUP, INC.      (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter)   

3033 Riviera Drive, Suite 200   
  Naples, Florida 34103   
  (Address of Principal Executive Offices and Zip Code)   
  (239) 263-5000   
  (Registrant s Telephone Number, Including Area Code)   
         
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90
days.    Yes       No       Indicate by check mark whether the
registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12
months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).    Yes       No     
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller
reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.  

Large accelerated filer 

Accelerated filer 

Non-accelerated filer  
   
  (Do not check if a smaller reporting company) 
    
 Smaller reporting company 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange
Act).    Yes       No       Indicate the number of shares
outstanding of each of the issuer s classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date.    Class A Common
Stock, $0.001 par value, 12,112,142 Shares Outstanding as of November 2, 2016    Class B Common Stock, $0.001 par value,
16,662,743 Shares Outstanding as of November 2, 2016          

INDEX       

Page   No.  

PART I      
  FINANCIAL INFORMATION   

Item 1. 
   
    Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements.   

3 

Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements.   

7 

Item 2. 
   
    Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations.   

12 

Item 3. 
   
    Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk.   

20 

Item 4. 
   
    Controls and Procedures.   

20 

PART II      
  OTHER INFORMATION   

Item 1. 
   
    Legal Proceedings.   

21 

Item 1A. 
   
    Risk Factors.   

21 

Item 2. 
   
    Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds.   

21 

Item 3. 
   
    Defaults Upon Senior Securities.   

21 

Item 4. 
   
    Mine Safety Disclosures.   

21 

Item 5. 
   
    Other Information.   

21 

Item 6. 
   
    Exhibits.   

22 

SIGNATURES  

23 

BEASLEY BROADCAST GROUP, INC.   
    CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS (UNAUDITED)   

3  

BEASLEY BROADCAST GROUP, INC.   
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) (UNAUDITED)   

4  

BEASLEY BROADCAST GROUP, INC.   
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (UNAUDITED)   

5  

BEASLEY BROADCAST GROUP, INC.   
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (UNAUDITED)       
 
      6  

BEASLEY BROADCAST GROUP, INC.   
    NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED)   

(1)  
  Interim Financial Statements       The accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated
financial statements should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements of Beasley Broadcast Group, Inc. and its subsidiaries (the  Company ) included in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year
ended December 31, 2015. These financial statements have been prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles ( GAAP ) for interim financial information and with the instructions to Form 10-Q and Article 10
of Regulation S-X. Accordingly, they do not include all of the information and footnotes required by GAAP for complete financial statements. In the opinion of management, the financial statements reflect all adjustments necessary for a fair
statement of the financial position and results of operations for the interim periods presented and all such adjustments are of a normal and recurring nature. The Company s results are subject to seasonal fluctuations therefore the results
shown on an interim basis are not necessarily indicative of results for the full year.      

(2)  
  Recent Accounting Pronouncements       In August 2016, the Financial Accounting Standards
Board ( FASB ) issued guidance to reduce diversity in practice in how certain cash receipts and cash payments are presented and classified in the statement of cash flows. The new guidance is effective for fiscal years beginning after
December 15, 2017, and interim periods within those fiscal years, with early adoption permitted. The Company is currently in the process of reviewing the new guidance, but its preliminary assessment, which is subject to change, does not result
in a significant impact on its financial statements.    In March 2016, the FASB issued guidance to improve several aspects of the accounting
for share-based payment transactions, including the income tax consequences, classification of awards as either equity or liabilities, and classification on the statement of cash flows. The new guidance is effective for annual periods beginning
after December 15, 2016 and interim periods within those annual periods. The Company continues to review the new guidance, but its preliminary assessment, which is subject to change, does not result in a significant impact on its financial
statements.    In February 2016, the FASB issued guidance to increase transparency and comparability among organizations by recognizing
lease assets and lease liabilities on the balance sheet and disclosing key information about leasing arrangements. A lessee should recognize in the statement of financial position a liability to make lease payments (the lease liability) and a
right-of-use asset representing its right to use the underlying asset for the lease term. There continues to be a differentiation between finance leases and operating leases, however lease assets and lease liabilities arising from operating leases
should now be recognized in the statement of financial position. New disclosures are required to meet the objective of enabling users of financial statements to assess the amount, timing, and uncertainty of cash flows arising from leases. The new
guidance is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018, including interim periods within those fiscal years. The Company continues to review the new guidance and is currently researching lease management software. The Company
expects the new guidance to result in a significant impact on the balance sheet however that impact will not be quantified until closer to the adoption date. The Company does not expect the new guidance to have a significant impact on the statement
of comprehensive income.    In January 2016, the FASB issued guidance that changes how entities measure equity investments and present
changes in the fair value of financial liabilities. The new guidance requires entities to measure equity investments that do not result in consolidation and are not accounted under the equity method at fair value and recognize any changes in fair
value in net income unless the investments qualify for the new practicality exception. A practicality exception will apply to those equity investments that do not have a readily determinable fair value and do not qualify for the practical expedient
to estimate fair value, and as such, these investments may be measured at cost. The new guidance is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017, including interim periods within those fiscal years. The Company continues to
review the new guidance, but its preliminary assessment, which is subject to change, does not result in a significant impact on its financial statements.  
 In May 2014, the FASB issued guidance to clarify the principles for recognizing revenue. The core principle of the guidance is that an entity
should recognize revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. The guidance provides a
comprehensive framework for revenue recognition that supersedes current general revenue guidance and most industry-specific guidance. In addition, the guidance requires improved disclosures to help users of financial statements better understand the
nature, amount, timing, and uncertainty of revenue that is recognized. In 2016, the FASB issued several updates to address implementation issues and to clarify guidance for principal versus agent considerations and identifying performance
obligations and licensing. An entity should apply the guidance either retrospectively to each prior reporting period presented or retrospectively with the cumulative adjustment at the date of the initial application. In August 2015, the FASB delayed
the effective date of the new guidance to annual  
      7  

BEASLEY BROADCAST GROUP, INC.   
  NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED)   

reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2017, including interim periods within that reporting period. Early adoption is now permitted after the original effective date of
December 15, 2016. The Company continues to review the new guidance, but its preliminary assessment, which is subject to change, does not result in a significant impact on its financial statements.  

(3)  
  FCC Broadcasting Licenses       On July 29, 2016, the Company entered into an agreement
to acquire one FM translator license from Southern Nevada Educational Broadcasters for $0.7 million. This translator license will allow the Company to rebroadcast the programming of one of its radio stations in Las Vegas, NV on the FM band over an
expanded area of coverage. On July 25, 2016, the Company entered into an agreement to acquire one FM translator license from Radio One of Boston, Inc. for $0.4 million. This translator license will allow the Company to rebroadcast the
programming of its radio station in Boston, MA on the FM band over an expanded area of coverage. The acquisitions are subject to certain closing conditions, including FCC approval.  

(4)  
  Long-Term Debt       Long-term debt is comprised of the following:  
   
   As of September 30, 2016, the existing credit facility consisted of a term loan with a remaining balance
of $83.0 million and a revolving credit facility with a maximum commitment of $20.0 million (the  Existing Credit Facility ). As of September 30, 2016, the Company had $20.0 million in available commitments under its revolving credit
facility. The Existing Credit Facility carried interest, based on LIBOR, at 3.5% as of September 30, 2016. As of December 31, 2015, the Existing Credit Facility consisted of a term loan with a remaining balance of $89.0 million and a
revolving credit facility with a maximum commitment of $20.0 million. The Existing Credit Facility carried interest, based on adjusted LIBOR, at 3.9% as of December 31, 2015. Current installments of long-term debt are based on the amortization
schedule for the new credit agreement (see Note 9).    The credit agreement governing the Existing Credit Facility (the  Existing
Credit Agreement ) requires mandatory prepayments equal to 50% of consolidated excess cash flow, as defined in the Existing Credit Agreement, when the Company s consolidated total debt is equal to or greater than three times its
consolidated operating cash flow, as defined in the Existing Credit Agreement. Prepayments of excess cash flow are not required when the Company s consolidated total debt is less than three times its consolidated operating cash flow. Mandatory
prepayments of consolidated excess cash flow are due 120 days after year end. The Existing Credit Agreement also requires mandatory prepayments for defined amounts from net proceeds of asset sales, net insurance proceeds, and net proceeds of debt
issuances.    The Existing Credit Agreement requires the Company to comply with certain financial covenants which are defined in the
Existing Credit Agreement. These financial covenants include:      

Interest Coverage Ratio.  The Company s consolidated operating cash flow for the four quarters ending on the last day of each fiscal quarter through maturity must not be less than 2.0 times its consolidated
cash interest expense for the four quarters then ended.    
      8  

BEASLEY BROADCAST GROUP, INC.   
  NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED)   
   
  Failure to comply with financial covenants, scheduled interest payments, scheduled principal
repayments, or any other terms of the Company s Existing Credit Agreement could result in the acceleration of the maturity of the Company s outstanding debt, which could have a material adverse effect on its business or results of
operations. As of September 30, 2016, the Company was in compliance with all applicable financial covenants under the Existing Credit Agreement.  
 The Company has two capital leases related to radio towers. The obligations recorded as of December 31, 2015 and September 30, 2016
represent the fair value of one tower and the present value of future lease payments under the lease agreement for the other tower.    The
aggregate scheduled principal repayments of the capital lease obligations for the remainder of 2016 and the next four years and thereafter are as follows:      

(5)  
  Stock-Based Compensation       The Beasley Broadcast Group, Inc. 2007 Equity Incentive Award
Plan (the  2007 Plan ) permits the Company to issue up to 4.0 million shares of Class A common stock. The 2007 Plan allows for eligible employees, directors and certain consultants of the Company to receive shares of restricted
stock, stock options or other stock-based awards. The restricted stock awards that have been granted under the 2007 Plan generally vest over one to five years of service.  
 A summary of restricted stock activity under the 2007 Plan for the three months ended September 30, 2016 is as follows:  
   
   As of September 30, 2016, there was $0.8 million of total unrecognized compensation cost related to
restricted stock granted under the 2007 Plan. That cost is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of 1.7 years.      

(6)  
  Income Taxes       The Company s effective tax rate was approximately 48% and 43% for
the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively and approximately 35% and 40% for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015. These rates differ from the federal statutory rate of 35% due to the effect of state
income taxes and certain expenses that are not deductible for tax purposes. The Company has included $1.2 million of expenses related to the Merger (as defined in Note 9, below) as not deductible in the calculation of the effective tax rate for the
three and nine months ended September 30, 2016. However, after completion of certain post-closing procedures related to the Merger, all merger expenses will be evaluated to determine if any may be deductible in the fourth quarter of 2016.  
      9  

BEASLEY BROADCAST GROUP, INC.   
  NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED)   

(7)  
  Related Party Transactions       On May 3, 2016, the Company contributed an additional
$166,667 to Digital PowerRadio, LLC which maintained its ownership interest at approximately 20% of the outstanding units. The Company may be called upon to make additional pro rata cash contributions to Digital PowerRadio, LLC in the future.
Digital PowerRadio, LLC is managed by Fowler Radio Group, LLC which is partially-owned by Mark S. Fowler, an independent director of the Company.      

(8)  
  Financial Instruments       The carrying amount of the Company s financial instruments
including cash and cash equivalents, accounts receivable and accounts payable approximate fair value due to the short term nature of these financial instruments.  
 The carrying amount of long term debt, including capital lease obligations and current installments, as of September 30, 2016 was $83.7
million and approximated fair value based on current market interest rates. The carrying amount of long-term debt, including capital lease obligations and current installments, as of December 31, 2015 was $89.8 million and approximated fair
value based on market rates at that time.      

(9)  
  Subsequent Events        Greater Media Merger   
 On November 1, 2016 (the  Closing Date ), the Company completed the acquisition of Greater Media, Inc. ( Greater
Media ), pursuant to that certain merger agreement, dated as of July 19, 2016 by and among the Company, Greater Media, Beasley Media Group 2, Inc., an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company ( Merger Sub ), and Peter A.
Bordes, Jr., as the Sotckholders  Representative (the  Merger Agreement ). On the Closing Date, Merger Sub was merged with and into Greater Media, with Greater Media surviving the merger as an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of the
Company (the  Merger ). As a result of the Merger, the Company will add 21 radio stations in the Boston, MA, Detroit, MI, Charlotte, NC, Middlesex, NJ, Monmouth, NJ, Morristown, NJ and Philadelphia, PA markets. However, in order to comply
with the FCC s rules, the Charlotte radio stations, WBT-AM, WBT-FM, and WLNK-FM are currently operating in a trust, pending completion of the sale to Entercom Communications Corp. (see  Radio Station Sales  below). The Merger
substantially broadened and diversified the Company s local radio broadcasting platform and revenue base with new stations that are geographically complementary to the Company s ongoing operations.  
 Pursuant to the terms of the Merger Agreement, at the effective time of the Merger, the Company acquired all of the issued and outstanding
common stock of Greater Media for an aggregate purchase price of $239,875,000, subject to a purchase price adjustment related to the sale of Greater Media s tower assets and other customary post-closing purchase price adjustments and inclusive
of the repayment of approximately $82.0 million of Greater Media s outstanding debt and the payment of certain transaction expenses. The proceeds paid to the stockholders of Greater Media consisted of (i) approximately $94.4 million in
cash and (ii) $25.0 million in shares of the Company s Class A common stock, which is equal to 5,422,993 shares at a fixed value of $4.61 per share (the  Merger Shares ). The Merger consideration is subject to adjustment for
changes in working capital of Greater Media, outstanding debt of Greater Media and its subsidiaries as of the date of the closing and certain other payments and expenses. Additional Merger Shares may be issued in connection with such adjustment. In
addition, the stockholders of Greater Media will receive the net cash proceeds from the sale of Greater Media s tower assets, estimated to be approximately $24.0 million. Merger expenses of $1.2 million were expensed as a separate line item in
the statements of comprehensive income for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016.    As of the date the Company issued
these financial statements, the Company had not received the necessary financial information from Greater Media to determine the fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed to complete the purchase price allocation, pro-forma information
and other required business combination disclosures. The Company expects to finalize its valuations and complete the purchase price allocation as soon as practicable but no later than one year from the acquisition date  
  New Credit Agreement     On
November 1, 2016, Beasley Mezzanine Holdings, LLC (the  Borrower ), a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company entered into a new credit agreement by and among the Borrower, Royal Bank of Canada, as administrative agent and collateral
agent and U.S. Bank National Association, as syndication agent (the  New Credit Agreement ), providing for a term loan B facility in the amount of $265.0 million (the  Term Loan Facility ) and a revolving credit facility of $20.0
million (the  Revolving Credit Facility , and together with the Term Loan Facility, the  New Credit Facility ). Proceeds from the Term Loan Facility were used to repay the Existing Credit Facility, pay a portion of the purchase
price and fees, costs and expenses incurred in connection with the Merger and to repay existing third party indebtedness of Greater Media. In connection with the New Credit Facility, the Company expects to record a loss on modification of long-term
debt of $0.6 million during the fourth quarter of 2016.  
      10  

BEASLEY BROADCAST GROUP, INC.   
  NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED)   
   
  The New Credit Facility is secured by substantially all assets of the Company, the Borrower
and their subsidiaries, including Greater Media and its subsidiaries acquired through the Merger. The Company and the Borrower s subsidiaries guarantee repayment of the New Credit Facility.  
 The Term Loan Facility matures on the seventh anniversary of the Closing Date, which was November 1, 2016, and will amortize in quarterly
installments in aggregate annual amounts equal to (i) 2.5% of the original principal amount of the Term Loan Facility during the first two years after the Closing Date and (ii) 5.0 % of the original principal amount of the Term Loan
Facility for each year thereafter. The first amortization payment is due at the end of the first full fiscal quarter after the Closing Date and the remaining balance of the original principal amount of the Term Loan Facility outstanding at maturity
will be paid in a final balloon payment. The Revolving Credit Facility terminates on the fifth anniversary of the Closing Date and loans thereunder may be borrowed, repaid, and reborrowed up to such date.  
 Loans under the New Credit Facility, at the Borrower s option, will bear interest at either LIBOR plus 6.0% or base rate plus 5.0%. Each
interest rate decreases 0.25% when the Company s first lien leverage ratio is equal to or less than 3.75 times. Solely with respect to the Term Loan Facility incurred on the Closing Date, LIBOR is subject to a 1% floor. Interest payments for
the loans based on LIBOR are due at the end of each applicable interest period unless the interest period is longer than three months, then they are due at the end of each three month period. Interest payments for the loans based on the base rate
are due quarterly.    The New Credit Facility is subject to customary negative covenants as well as a financial covenant that is a maximum
first lien leverage ratio that will be tested as the end of each fiscal quarter beginning with the quarter ending March 31, 2017. The Company s Consolidated First Lien Debt, as described in the New Credit Agreement, on the last day of each
fiscal quarter for the period from March 31, 2017 through March 31, 2018 must not exceed 6.25 times its Consolidated EBITDA, as described in the New Credit Agreement, for the four quarters then ended. For the period from June 30, 2018
through September 30, 2018, the maximum ratio is 6.0 times. For the period from December 31, 2018 through September 30, 2019, the maximum ratio is 5.75 times. For December 31, 2019 and thereafter, the maximum ratio is 5.25 times.
   The aggregate scheduled principal repayments of the New Credit Facility for the next five years and thereafter are as follows:  
   
    Radio Station Sales   
 On October 18, 2016, the Company entered into a definitive agreement to sell substantially all of the assets used or useful in the
operations of WBT-AM, WBT-FM, WFNZ-AM and WLNK-FM in Charlotte, NC to Entercom Communications Corp. ( Entercom ) for $24.0 million. On November 1, 2016, Entercom began operating WBT-AM, WBT-FM and WLNK-FM, which are currently in a
trust following completion of the Company s acquisition of Greater Media, under a local marketing agreement. The sale, which is expected to close in the fourth quarter of 2016, is subject to Federal Communications Commission approval and other
customary closing conditions. The Company intends to use the net proceeds to repay a portion of the outstanding balance under the Company s New Credit Facility. The assets of WFNZ-AM have been classified as held for sale as of
September 30, 2016.    A summary of assets held for sale as of December 31, 2015 and September 30, 2016 is as follows:  

11  

ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND
RESULTS OF OPERATIONS      General     We
are a radio broadcasting company whose primary business is operating radio stations throughout the United States. After completion of the merger with Greater Media, Inc. and completion of the sale of certain radio stations to Entercom
Communications, Inc. we will own and operate 69 radio stations in the following radio markets: Atlanta, GA, Augusta, GA, Boston, MA, Charlotte, NC, Detroit, MI, Fayetteville, NC, Fort Myers-Naples, FL, Greenville-New Bern-Jacksonville, NC, Las
Vegas, NV, Middlesex, NJ, Monmouth, NJ, Morristown, NJ, Philadelphia, PA, Tampa-Saint Petersburg, FL, West Palm Beach-Boca Raton, FL, and Wilmington, DE. We refer to each group of radio stations in each radio market as a market cluster.  
  Recent Developments     On November 1,
2016 (the  Closing Date ), the Company completed the acquisition of Greater Media, Inc. ( Greater Media ) pursuant to that certain merger agreement by and among the Company, Greater Media, Beasley Media Group 2, Inc., an indirect
wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company ( Merger Sub ), and Peter A. Bordes, Jr., as the Stockholders  Representative (the  Merger Agreement ). On the Closing Date, Merger Sub was merged with and into Greater Media, with
Greater Media surviving the merger as an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company (the  Merger ). As a result of the Merger, the Company will add 21 radio stations in the Boston, MA, Detroit, MI, Charlotte, NC, Middlesex, NJ,
Monmouth, NJ, Morristown, NJ and Philadelphia, PA markets. However, in order to comply with the FCC s rules, the Charlotte radio stations, WBT-AM, WBT-FM, and WLNK-FM are currently operating in a trust, pending completion of the sale to
Entercom Communications Corp. Pursuant to the terms of the Merger Agreement, at the effective time of the Merger, the Company acquired all of the issued and outstanding common stock of Greater Media for an aggregate purchase price of $239,875,000,
subject to a purchase price adjustment related to the sale of Greater Media s tower assets and other customary post-closing purchase price adjustments and inclusive of the repayment of approximately $82.0 million of Greater Media s
outstanding debt and the payment of certain transaction expenses. The proceeds paid to the stockholders of Greater Media consisted of (i) approximately $94.4 million in cash and (ii) $25.0 million in shares of the Company s
Class A common stock, which is equal to 5,422,993 shares at a fixed value of $4.61 per share (the  Merger Shares ). The Merger consideration is subject to adjustment for changes in working capital of Greater Media, outstanding debt of
Greater Media and its subsidiaries as of the date of the closing and certain other payments and expenses. Additional Merger Shares may be issued in connection with such adjustment. In addition, the stockholders of Greater Media will receive the net
cash proceeds from the sale of Greater Media s tower assets, estimated to be approximately $24.0 million. Merger expenses of $1.2 million were expensed as a separate line item in the condensed consolidated statements of comprehensive income for
the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016.    On November 1, 2016, Beasley Mezzanine Holdings, LLC (the
 Borrower ), a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company entered into a new credit agreement by and among the Borrower, Royal Bank of Canada, as administrative agent and collateral agent and U.S. Bank National Association, as syndication
agent (the  New Credit Agreement ), providing for a term loan B facility in the amount of $265.0 million (the  Term Loan Facility ) and a revolving credit facility of $20.0 million (the  Revolving Credit Facility , and
together with the Term Loan Facility, the  New Credit Facility ). Proceeds from the Term Loan Facility were used to pay the Existing Credit Facility (as defined below), pay a portion of the purchase price and fees, costs and expenses
incurred in connection with the Merger and to repay existing third party indebtedness of Greater Media. In connection with the New Credit Facility, the Company expects to record a loss on modification of long-term debt of $0.6 million during the
fourth quarter of 2016. The New Credit Facility is secured by substantially all assets of the Company, the Borrower and their subsidiaries, including Greater Media and its subsidiaries acquired through the Merger. The Company and the Borrower s
subsidiaries guarantee repayment of the New Credit Facility. The Term Loan Facility matures on the seventh anniversary of the Closing Date, which was November 1, 2016, and will amortize in quarterly installments in aggregate annual amounts
equal to (i) 2.5% of the original principal amount of the Term Loan Facility during the first two years after the Closing Date and (ii) 5.0 % of the original principal amount of the Term Loan Facility for each year thereafter. The
first amortization payment is due at the end of the first full fiscal quarter after the Closing Date and the remaining balance of the original principal amount of the Term Loan Facility outstanding at maturity will be paid in a final balloon
payment. The Revolving Credit Facility terminates on the fifth anniversary of the Closing Date and loans thereunder may be borrowed, repaid, and reborrowed up to such date. Loans under the New Credit Facility, at the Borrower s option, will
bear interest at either LIBOR plus 6.0% or base rate plus 5.0%. Each interest rate decreases 0.25% when the Company s first lien leverage ratio is equal to or less than 3.75 times. Solely with respect to the Term Loan Facility incurred on the
Closing Date, LIBOR is subject to a 1% floor. Interest payments for loans based on LIBOR loans are due at the end of each applicable interest period unless the interest period is longer than three months, then they are due at the end of each three
month period. Interest payments for loans based on the base rate are due quarterly. The New Credit Facility is subject to customary negative covenants as well as a financial covenant that is a maximum first lien leverage ratio that will be tested as
the end of each fiscal quarter beginning with the quarter ending March 31, 2017.  
      12  

On October 18, 2016, we entered into a definitive agreement to sell substantially all of the
assets used or useful in the operations of WBT-AM, WBT-FM, WFNZ-AM and WLNK-FM in Charlotte, NC to Entercom Communications Corp. ( Entercom ) for $24.0 million. On November 1, 2016, Entercom began operating WBT-AM, WBT-FM and WLNK-FM,
which are held in trust following completion of our acquisition of Greater Media, under a local marketing agreement. The sale, which is expected to close in the fourth quarter of 2016, is subject to Federal Communications Commission approval and
other customary closing conditions. We intend to use the net proceeds to repay a portion of the outstanding balance under our New Credit Facility.  
 On August 24, 2016, our board of directors declared a cash dividend of $0.045 per share on our Class A and Class B common stock. The
dividend of $1.0 million in the aggregate was paid on October 7, 2016, to stockholders of record on September 30, 2016. While we intend to pay quarterly cash dividends for the foreseeable future, all subsequent dividends will be reviewed
quarterly and declared by the board of directors at its discretion.     Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements   
 This report contains  forward-looking statements  about the Company and Greater Media within the meaning of the Private Securities
Litigation Reform Act of 1995, which relate to future, not past, events. All statements other than statements of historical fact included in this document are forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are based on the current
beliefs and expectations of the Company s management and are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties. Words or expressions such as  expects,   anticipates,   intends,   plans, 
 believes,   estimates,   may,   will,   plans,   projects,   could,   should,   would,   seek,   forecast,  or other similar expressions
help identify forward-looking statements.    Forward-looking statements by their nature address matters that are, to different degrees,
uncertain. Although the Company believes the expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are based upon reasonable assumptions, it can give no assurance that the expectations will be attained or that any deviation will not be material.
Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date on which they are made. The Company and Greater Media undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements.
   Forward-looking statements involve a number of risks and uncertainties, and actual results or events may differ materially from those
projected or implied in those statements. Factors that could cause actual results or events to differ materially from these forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to:  

the ability to successfully combine the businesses of the Company and Greater Media and the ability to successfully integrate the stations acquired in the asset exchange with CBS Radio;    

the ability of the Company to achieve the expected cost savings, synergies and other benefits from the acquisition of Greater Media and the asset exchange with CBS Radio within the expected time frames or at all;

the incurrence of significant transaction related fees and costs in connection with the acquisition of Greater Media;        

the incurrence of unexpected costs, or liabilities relating to the integration of Greater Media and the station acquired in the asset exchange with CBS Radio;    

the risk that the acquisition of Greater Media may not be accretive to the Company s current stockholders;        

the risk that the acquisition of Greater Media may prevent the Company from acting on future opportunities to enhance stockholder value;    

the impact of the issuance of the Merger Shares in connection with the acquisition of Greater Media;        

the risk that any goodwill or identifiable intangible assets recorded due to the acquisition of Greater Media could become impaired;    
      13  

external economic forces that could have a material adverse impact on the Company s advertising revenues and results of operations;    

the ability of the Company s radio stations to compete effectively in their respective markets for advertising revenues and respond to changes in technology, standards and services that affect the radio industry;

the Company s substantial debt levels;        

the loss of key personnel; and        

other economic, business, competitive, and regulatory factors affecting the businesses of the Company and Greater Media generally, including those set forth in the Company s filings with the SEC.    
 Although we believe that the expectations reflected in any of our forward-looking statements are reasonable, actual results could differ
materially from those projected or assumed in any of our forward-looking statements. We do not intend, and undertake no obligation, to update any forward-looking statement.  
  Financial Statement Presentation     The
following discussion provides a brief description of certain key items that appear in our financial statements and general factors that impact these items.  
  Net Revenue.  Our net revenue is primarily derived from the sale of advertising airtime to local and national advertisers. Net revenue
is gross revenue less agency commissions, generally 15% of gross revenue. Local revenue generally consists of airtime sales, digital sales and event marketing for advertisers in a radio station s local market either directly to the advertiser
or through the advertiser s agency. National revenue generally consists of advertising airtime and digital sales to agencies purchasing advertising for multiple markets. National sales are generally facilitated by our national representation
firm, which serves as our agent in these transactions.    Our net revenue is generally determined by the advertising rates that we are able
to charge and the number of advertisements that we can broadcast without jeopardizing listener levels. Advertising rates are primarily based on the following factors:      

a radio station s audience share in the demographic groups targeted by advertisers as measured principally by periodic reports issued by Nielson Audio;    

the number of radio stations, as well as other forms of media, in the market competing for the attention of the same demographic groups;    

the supply of, and demand for, radio advertising time; and        

the size of the market.      Our net revenue is affected by general economic conditions,
competition and our ability to improve operations at our market clusters. Seasonal revenue fluctuations are also common in the radio broadcasting industry and are primarily due to variations in advertising expenditures by local and national
advertisers. Our revenues are typically lowest in the first calendar quarter of the year.    We use trade sales agreements to reduce cash
paid for operating costs and expenses by exchanging advertising airtime for goods or services; however, we endeavor to minimize trade revenue in order to maximize cash revenue from our available airtime.  
 We also continue to invest in digital support services to develop and promote our radio station websites. We derive revenue from our websites
through the sale of advertiser promotions and advertising on our websites and the sale of advertising airtime during audio streaming of our radio stations over the internet. We also generate revenue from selling other digital products.  
      14  

Operating Expenses.  Our operating expenses consist primarily of (1) programming,
engineering, sales, advertising and promotion, and general and administrative expenses incurred at our radio stations, (2) general and administrative expenses, including compensation and other expenses, incurred at our corporate offices, and
(3) depreciation and amortization. We strive to control our operating expenses by centralizing certain functions at our corporate offices and consolidating certain functions in each of our market clusters.  
  Critical Accounting Estimates     The
preparation of financial statements in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect reported amounts and related disclosures. We consider an accounting estimate to be
critical if:      

it requires assumptions to be made that were uncertain at the time the estimate was made; and        

changes in the estimate or different estimates that could have been selected could have a material impact on our results of operations or financial condition.    
 Our critical accounting estimates are described in Item 7 of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015.
There have been no material changes to our critical accounting estimates during the third quarter of 2016.     Recent Accounting Pronouncements   
 Recent accounting pronouncements are described in Note 2 to the accompanying financial statements.  
  Three Months Ended September 30, 2016 Compared to the Three Months Ended September 30, 2015   
 The following summary table presents a comparison of our results of operations for the three months ended September 30, 2015 and 2016 with
respect to certain of our key financial measures. These changes illustrated in the table are discussed in greater detail below. This section should be read in conjunction with the financial statements and notes to financial statements included in
Item 1 of this report.      
    Net Revenue.  Net revenue increased $1.5 million during the three months ended September 30, 2016
as compared to the three months ended September 30, 2015. Significant factors affecting net revenue included a $1.0 million increase in advertising revenue from our Tampa-Saint Petersburg market cluster, a $0.4 million increase in advertising
revenue from our Charlotte market cluster, and a $0.3 million increase in advertising revenue from our Fayetteville market cluster partially offset by a $0.2 million decrease in advertising revenue from our Wilmington market cluster. Net revenue for
the three months ended September 30, 2016 also included $0.5 million of political advertising from the 2016 elections. Net revenue for the three months ended September 30, 2016 was comparable to net revenue for the same period in 2015 at
our remaining market clusters.     Station Operating Expenses.  Station operating expenses for the three months ended
September 30, 2016 were comparable to station operating expenses for the same period in 2015.     Corporate General and
Administrative Expenses.  Corporate general and administrative expenses for the three months ended September 30, 2016 were comparable to corporate general and administrative expenses for the same period in 2015.  
  Merger Expenses.  In connection with the Merger, we incurred expenses, primarily consisting of legal fees, of $1.2 million during the
third quarter of 2016.  
      15  

Impairment Loss.  As a result of our qualitative assessment of goodwill during the third
quarter of 2015, we determined it was more likely than not that the fair value of the Wilmington market cluster was less than its carrying amount. We determined that the Wilmington market cluster would not meet its cash flow projections for 2015
primarily due to a continuing decrease in cash flows and a decline in ratings during the third quarter of 2015. Therefore we performed the two-step impairment test. As a result of the second step test, we recorded an impairment loss of $3.5 million,
which reflects 100% of the goodwill in our Wilmington market cluster, during the third quarter of 2015.     Other Income (Expense),
Net.  Other income (expense), net increased $0.3 million during the three months ended September 30, 2016. The increase was primarily due to the receipt of insurance proceeds of $0.3 million related to our Charlotte market cluster.  
  Income Tax Expense.  Our effective tax rate was approximately 35% and 48% for the three months ended September 30, 2015 and 2016,
respectively. These rates differ from the federal statutory rate of 35% due to the effect of state income taxes and certain expenses that are not deductible for tax purposes. We have included $1.2 million of expenses related to the Merger as not
deductible in the calculation of the effective tax rate for the three months ended September 30, 2016. However, after completion of certain post-closing procedures related to the Merger, all merger expenses will be evaluated to determine if any
may be deductible in the fourth quarter of 2016.     Net Income.  Net income during the three months ended September 30, 2016
increased $2.4 million as a result of the factors described above.     Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 Compared to the Nine Months Ended
September 30, 2015     The following summary table presents a comparison of our results of operations for the nine months ended
September 30, 2015 and 2016 with respect to certain of our key financial measures. These changes illustrated in the table are discussed in greater detail below. This section should be read in conjunction with the financial statements and notes
to financial statements included in Item 1 of this report.      
    Net Revenue.  Net revenue increased $5.4 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 as
compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2015. Significant factors affecting net revenue included a $4.0 million increase in advertising revenue from our Tampa-Saint Petersburg market cluster, a $1.3 million increase in advertising
revenue from our Charlotte market cluster, and a $0.6 million increase in advertising revenue from our Fayetteville market cluster partially offset by a $0.4 million decrease in advertising revenue from our Wilmington market cluster. Net revenue for
the nine months ended September 30, 2016 also included $0.5 million of political advertising from the 2016 elections. Net revenue for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was comparable to net revenue for the same period in 2015 at our
remaining market clusters.     Station Operating Expenses.  Station operating expenses increased $3.0 million during the nine months
ended September 30, 2016 as compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2015. Significant factors affecting station operating expenses included a $1.9 million increase in station operating expenses at our Tampa-Saint Petersburg market
cluster, a $0.7 million increase in station operating expenses at our Charlotte market cluster, and a $0.3 million increase in station operating expenses at our Las Vegas market cluster. Station operating expenses for the nine months ended
September 30, 2016 were comparable to station operating expenses for the same period in 2015 at our remaining market clusters.  
  Corporate General and Administrative Expenses.  The increase in corporate general and administrative expenses during the nine months
ended September 30, 2016 was primarily due to an increase in contract services.  
      16  

Merger and Exchange Expenses.  In connection with the Merger, we incurred expenses,
primarily consisting of legal fees, of $1.2 million during the third quarter of 2016. In connection with the asset exchange with CBS Radio Stations, Inc. in 2014, we incurred transaction costs of $0.3 million in 2015.  
  Depreciation and Amortization.  The $0.3 million decrease in depreciation and amortization during the nine months ended
September 30, 2016 was primarily due to a $0.3 million decrease in amortization of other intangibles at our Charlotte and Tampa-Saint Petersburg market clusters as compared to the same period in 2015.  
  Impairment Loss.  As a result of our qualitative assessment of goodwill during the third quarter of 2015, we determined it was more
likely than not that the fair value of the Wilmington market cluster was less than its carrying amount. We determined that the Wilmington market cluster would not meet its cash flow projections for 2015 primarily due to a continuing decrease in cash
flows and a decline in ratings during the third quarter of 2015. Therefore we performed the two-step impairment test. As a result of the second step test, we recorded an impairment loss of $3.5 million, which reflects 100% of the goodwill in our
Wilmington market cluster, during the third quarter of 2015.     Income Tax Expense.  Our effective tax rate was approximately 40% and
43% for the nine months ended September 30, 2015 and 2016, respectively. These rates differ from the federal statutory rate of 35% due to the effect of state income taxes and certain expenses that are not deductible for tax purposes. We have
included $1.2 million of expenses related to the Merger as not deductible in the calculation of the effective tax rate for the nine months ended September 30, 2016. However, after completion of certain post-closing procedures related to the
Merger, all merger expenses will be evaluated to determine if any may be deductible in the fourth quarter of 2016.     Net Income.  Net
income during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 increased $2.9 million as a result of the factors described above.     Liquidity and Capital
Resources      Overview.  Our primary sources of liquidity are internally generated cash flow and our revolving credit facility.
Our primary liquidity needs have been, and for the next twelve months and thereafter, not accounting for the Merger, are expected to continue to be, for working capital, debt service, and other general corporate purposes, including capital
expenditures and radio station acquisitions. Historically, our capital expenditures have not been significant. In addition to property and equipment associated with radio station acquisitions, our capital expenditures have generally been, and are
expected to continue to be, related to the maintenance of our studio and office space and the technological improvement, including upgrades necessary to broadcast HD Radio, and maintenance of our broadcasting towers and equipment. We have also
purchased or constructed office and studio space in some of our markets to facilitate the consolidation of our operations.    Our existing
credit agreement permits us to repurchase sufficient shares of our common stock to fund withholding taxes in connection with the vesting of restricted stock, subject to compliance with financial covenants, up to an aggregate amount of $2.5 million
per year. We paid $0.2 million to repurchase 49,958 shares during the nine months ended September 30, 2016.    Our existing credit
agreement permits us to pay cash dividends and to repurchase additional shares of our common stock, subject to compliance with financial covenants, up to an aggregate amount of $6.0 million each year. We paid cash dividends of $3.1 million during
the nine months ended September 30, 2016. Also, on August 24, 2016, our board of directors declared a cash dividend of $0.045 per share on our Class A and Class B common stock. The dividend of $1.0 million in the aggregate was paid on
October 7, 2016, to stockholders of record on September 30, 2016.    On May 28, 2015, our board of directors authorized us to
repurchase up to $1.0 million of our Class A common stock over a period of one year from the date of authorization. We did not make any repurchases pursuant to this authority which expired on May 28, 2016.  
 We expect to provide for future liquidity needs through one or a combination of the following sources of liquidity:  

internally generated cash flow;        

our existing revolving credit facility;    
      17  

additional borrowings, other than under our existing revolving credit facility, to the extent permitted under our new credit agreement or the new term loan; and    

additional equity offerings.      We believe that we will have sufficient liquidity and capital
resources to permit us to provide for our liquidity requirements and meet our financial obligations for the next twelve months. However, poor financial results or unanticipated expenses could give rise to defaults under our credit facility,
additional debt servicing requirements or other additional financing or liquidity requirements sooner than we expect and we may not secure financing when needed or on acceptable terms.  
  Credit Facilities      New
Credit Facilities . On November 1, 2016, Beasley Mezzanine Holdings, LLC, as Borrower, entered into a new credit agreement by and among the Borrower, Royal Bank of Canada, as administrative agent and collateral agent and U.S. Bank National
Association, as syndication agent (the  New Credit Agreement ), providing for a term loan B facility in the amount of $265.0 million (the  Term Loan Facility ) and a revolving credit facility of $20.0 million (the  Revolving
Credit Facility , and together with the Term Loan Facility, the  New Credit Facility ). Proceeds from the term loan were used to repay the Existing Credit Facility, pay a portion of the purchase price and fees, costs and expenses
incurred in connection with the Merger and to repay existing third party indebtedness of Greater Media. In connection with the New Credit Facility, the Company expects to record a loss on modification of long-term debt of $0.6 million during the
fourth quarter of 2016    The New Credit Facility is secured by substantially all assets of the Company, the Borrower and their
subsidiaries, including Greater Media and its subsidiaries acquired through the Merger. The Company and the Borrower s subsidiaries guarantee repayment of the New Credit Facility.  
 The Term Loan Facility matures on the seventh anniversary of the Closing Date, which was November 1, 2016, and will amortize in quarterly
installments in aggregate annual amounts equal to (i) 2.5% of the original principal amount of the Term Loan Facility during the first two years after the Closing Date and (ii) 5.0 % of the original principal amount of the Term Loan
Facility for each year thereafter. The first amortization payment is due at the end of the first full fiscal quarter after the Closing Date and the remaining balance of the original principal amount of the Term Loan Facility outstanding at maturity
will be paid in a final balloon payment. The Revolving Credit Facility terminates on the fifth anniversary of the Closing Date and loans thereunder may be borrowed, repaid, and reborrowed up to such date.  
 Loans under the New Credit Facility, at the Borrower s option, will bear interest at either LIBOR plus 6.0% or base rate plus 5.0%. Each
interest rate decreases 0.25% when the Company s leverage ratio is equal to or less than 3.75 times. Solely with respect to the Term Loan Facility incurred on the Closing Date, LIBOR is subject to a 1% floor. Interest payments for loans based
on LIBOR are due at the end of each applicable interest period unless the interest period is longer than three months, then they are due at the end of each three month period. Interest payments for loans based on the base rate are due quarterly.
   The New Credit Facility is subject to customary negative covenants as well as a financial covenant that is a maximum leverage ratio that
will be tested at the end of each fiscal quarter beginning with the quarter ending March 31, 2017. The Company s Consolidated First Lien Debt, as described in the New Credit Agreement, on the last day of each fiscal quarter for the period
from March 31, 2017 through March 31, 2018 must not exceed 6.25 times its Consolidated EBITDA, as described in the New Credit Agreement, for the four quarters then ended. For the period from June 30, 2018 through September 30,
2018, the maximum ratio is 6.0 times. For the period from December 31, 2018 through September 30, 2019, the maximum ratio is 5.75 times. For December 31, 2019 and thereafter, the maximum ratio is 5.25 times.  
 The aggregate scheduled principal repayments of the New Credit Facility for the next five years and thereafter are as follows:  

18  

Existing Credit Facility.  As of September 30, 2016, our existing credit facility
consisted of a term loan with a remaining balance of $83.0 million and a revolving credit facility with a maximum commitment of $20.0 million (collectively the  Existing Credit Facility ). As of September 30, 2016, we had $20.0
million in available commitments under our revolving credit facility. The Existing Credit Facility carried interest, based on LIBOR, at 3.5% as of September 30, 2016. The Existing Credit Facility was terminated and paid in full on the Closing
Date.    The credit agreement governing the Existing Credit Facility (the  Existing Credit Agreement ) requires mandatory
prepayments equal to 50% of consolidated excess cash flow, as defined in the Existing Credit Agreement, when the Company s consolidated total debt is equal to or greater than three times its consolidated operating cash flow, as defined in the
Existing Credit Agreement. Prepayments of excess cash flow are not required when the Company s consolidated total debt is less than three times its consolidated operating cash flow. Mandatory prepayments of consolidated excess cash flow are due
120 days after year end. The Existing Credit Agreement also requires mandatory prepayments for defined amounts from net proceeds of asset sales, net insurance proceeds, and net proceeds of debt issuances.  
 The Existing Credit Agreement requires us to comply with certain financial covenants which are defined in the Existing Credit Agreement. These
financial covenants include:      

Interest Coverage Ratio.  Our consolidated operating cash flow for the four quarters ending on the last day of each fiscal quarter through maturity must not be less than 2.0 times our consolidated cash interest
expense for the four quarters then ended.      Failure to comply with financial covenants, scheduled interest payments,
scheduled principal repayments, or any other terms of our Existing Credit Agreement could result in the acceleration of the maturity of our outstanding debt, which could have a material adverse effect on its business or results of operations. As of
September 30, 2016, we were in compliance with all applicable financial covenants under our Existing Credit Agreement; our consolidated total debt ratio was 2.77 times, and our interest coverage ratio was 7.51 times.  
 Our ability to reduce our consolidated total debt ratio, as defined by our Existing Credit Agreement, by increasing operating cash flow and/or
decreasing long-term debt will determine how much, if any, of the remaining commitments under our revolving credit facility will be available to us in the future. Poor financial results or unanticipated expenses could result in our failure to
maintain or lower our consolidated total debt ratio and we may not be permitted to make any additional borrowings under our revolving credit facility.  
  Cash Flows . The following summary table presents a comparison of our capital resources for the nine months ended September 30,
2015 and 2016 with respect to certain of our key measures affecting our liquidity. The changes set forth in the table are discussed in greater detail below. This section should be read in conjunction with the financial statements and notes to
financial statements included in Item 1 of this report.      
    Net Cash Provided By Operating Activities.  Net cash provided by operating activities increased
$3.2 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2016. Significant factors affecting this increase in net cash provided by operating activities included a $6.4 million increase in cash receipts from the sale of advertising airtime and a
$2.6 million decrease in income tax payments, partially offset by a $4.7 million increase in cash paid for station operating expenses and $1.2 million of expenses related to the Merger.  
      19  

Net Cash Used In Investing Activities.  Net cash used in investing activities during
the nine months ended September 30, 2016 included payments of $2.1 million for capital expenditures and a $0.7 million decrease in restricted cash from the release of unused radio tower sales proceeds from a qualified intermediary. Net cash
used in investing activities for the same period in 2015 included payments of $1.8 million for capital expenditures and payments of $0.4 million for translator licenses.  
  Net Cash Used In Financing Activities.  Net cash used in financing activities during the nine months ended September 30, 2016
included repayments of $6.0 million on our long-term debt and payments of $3.1 million for cash dividends. Net cash used in financing activities for the same period in 2015 included repayments of $7.5 million on our long-term debt and payments of
$3.1 million for cash dividends, payments of $0.4 million for loan fees related to the Existing Credit Agreement, and payments of $0.4 million for repurchases of our Class A common stock  
    ITEM 3. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK.   
 Not required for smaller reporting companies.  
    ITEM 4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES.   
 Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Interim Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer,
we have evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(b) as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based on that evaluation, our Interim Chief Executive Officer and Chief
Financial Officer has concluded that these disclosure controls and procedures are effective as of the end of the period covered by this report. There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the quarter ended
September 30, 2016 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.  
      20  

PART II OTHER INFORMATION   
    ITEM 1. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS.   
 We currently and from time to time are involved in litigation and are the subject of threats of litigation that are incidental to the conduct
of our business. These include indecency claims and related proceedings at the FCC as well as claims and threatened claims by private third parties. However, we are not a party to any lawsuit or other proceedings, or the subject of any threatened
lawsuit or other proceedings, which, in the opinion of management, is likely to have a material adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations.  
    ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS.   
 The risk factors affecting our Company are described in Item 1A of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31,
2015 and were updated as described in Item 1A of our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the three and six months ended June 30, 2016. There have been no material changes to the risks affecting our Company during the third quarter of 2016.
      ITEM 2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS.   
 The following table presents information with respect to purchases we made of our Class A common stock during the three months ended
September 30, 2016.      
   On March 27, 2007, our board of directors approved the Beasley Broadcast Group, Inc. 2007 Equity
Incentive Award Plan (the  2007 Plan ) which was also approved by our stockholders at the Annual Meeting of Stockholders on June 7, 2007. The 2007 Plan permits us to purchase sufficient shares to fund withholding taxes in connection
with the vesting of restricted stock and expires on March 27, 2017. Our Existing Credit Agreement permits us to repurchase sufficient shares of our common stock to fund withholding taxes in connection with the vesting of restricted stock,
subject to compliance with financial covenants, up to an aggregate amount of $2.5 million per year. All shares purchased during the three months ended September 30, 2016, were purchased to fund withholding taxes in connection with the vesting
of restricted stock. On May 28, 2015, our board of directors authorized us to repurchase up to $1.0 million of our Class A common stock over a period of one year from the date of authorization. We did not make any repurchases pursuant to
this authority which expired on May 28, 2016.       ITEM 3. DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES.   
 None.       ITEM 4.
MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES.     Not applicable.  
    ITEM 5. OTHER INFORMATION.   
 None.  
      21  

ITEM 6. EXHIBITS.   

Exhibit 
 Number  
    
   Description   

2.1 
    
 Agreement and Plan of Merger dated July 19, 2016. (1)  

10.1 
    
 Credit Agreement dated November 1, 2016, among the Company, Beasley Mezzanine Holdings, LLC, the other guarantors party thereto, Royal Bank of Canada, as Administrative Agent, Collateral Agent, Swing Line Lender and L/C Issuer,
and each lender from time to time party thereto. (2)  

31.1 
    
 Certification of Interim Chief Executive Officer, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, Secretary and Treasurer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) (17 CFR 240.15d-14(a)).  

32.1 
    
 Certification of Interim Chief Executive Officer, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, Secretary and Treasurer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(b)/15d-14(b) (17 CFR 240.15d-14(b)) and 18 U.S.C. Section 1350.  

101.INS 
    
 XBRL Instance Document.  

101.SCH 
    
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document.  

101.CAL 
    
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document.  

101.DEF 
    
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document.  

101.LAB 
    
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document.  

101.PRE 
    
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document.  

(2) 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to Beasley Broadcast Group, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed November 4, 2016    
      22  

SIGNATURES   
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by
the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.      

BEASLEY BROADCAST GROUP, INC.   

Dated: November 9, 2016 

/s/ Caroline Beasley  

Name: 
   
 Caroline Beasley  

Title: 
   
   Interim Chief Executive Officer, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, Secretary
and Treasurer (principal financial and accounting officer)   
 
      23  

<EX-31.1>
 2
 d249648dex311.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Certification 

Exhibit 31.1   
  Certification of Interim Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer   
  Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002   
 I, Caroline Beasley, certify that:      

1. 
 I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Beasley Broadcast Group, Inc.;        

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such
statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;        

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the
registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;        

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control
over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:        

(a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its
consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;        

(b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of
financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;        

(c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of
the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and        

(d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter
in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and    

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the
registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):        

(a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record,
process, summarize and report financial information; and        

(b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.    

Dated: November 9, 2016 

/s/ Caroline Beasley  

Title: 
   
   Interim Chief Executive Officer, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, Secretary
and Treasurer   

</EX-31.1>

<EX-32.1>
 3
 d249648dex321.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Certification 

Exhibit 32.1   
  Certification of Interim Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer   
 Pursuant to 18 U.S.C.   1350, as created by Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, the undersigned officer of Beasley
Broadcast Group, Inc. (the  Company ) hereby certifies to such officer s knowledge that:    (i) the
accompanying Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of the Company for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016 (the  Report ) fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d), as applicable, of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and    (ii) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all
material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.      

Dated: November 9, 2016 

/s/ Caroline Beasley  

Caroline Beasley   

Interim Chief Executive Officer, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, Secretary and Treasurer  
   The foregoing certification is being furnished solely to accompany the Report pursuant to 18 U.S.C.  
1350, and is not being filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and is not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of the Company, whether made before or after the date hereof, regardless of
any general incorporation language in such filing.  

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.INS>
 4
 bbgi-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 5
 bbgi-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 6
 bbgi-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 7
 bbgi-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 8
 bbgi-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 9
 bbgi-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

