<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161229_10-K_edgar_data_1367859_0001367859-16-000097_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>28879021</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>418886</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>1043282</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>11420880</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>12092074</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>3321779</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>112</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001367859-16-000097.hdr.sgml : 20161229
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161229163614
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001367859-16-000097
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		135
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161229
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161229

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Citizens Community Bancorp Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001367859
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SAVINGS INSTITUTION, FEDERALLY CHARTERED [6035]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MD
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0930

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-33003
		FILM NUMBER:		162075527

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2174 EASTRIDGE CENTER
		CITY:			EAU CLAIRE
		STATE:			WI
		ZIP:			54701
		BUSINESS PHONE:		715 836 9994

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2174 EASTRIDGE CENTER
		CITY:			EAU CLAIRE
		STATE:			WI
		ZIP:			54701

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001367859-16-000097.txt : 20161229

10-K
 1
 czwi-20160930x10k.htm
 10-K

Document 

UNITED STATES 
  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
  Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 10-K 

(Mark One) 

For the fiscal year ended   September 30, 2016    
  OR 

For the transition period from                 to               
  Commission file number 001-33003 

CITIZENS COMMUNITY BANCORP, INC. 
  (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
    
                   Maryland 
      
    20-5120010 
      (State or other jurisdiction of 
  incorporation or organization) 
      
    (IRS Employer 
  Identification Number) 

2174 EastRidge Center, Eau Claire, WI 54701 
  (Address of principal executive offices) 
  715-836-9994 
  (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of Each Class 
      
    Name of Exchange on Which Registered 
      Common Stock, $.01 par value per share 
      
    NASDAQ Global Market   SM  

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act:  None 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act.    Yes           No      
  Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act.    Yes           No      
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 and 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the past 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.    Yes           No      

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).    Yes    x      No      
  Indicate by check mark if the disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-K ( 229.405) is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best of registrant s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K.          
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer or a small reporting company. See the definitions of "large accelerated filer",  "accelerated filer" and "smaller reporting company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act (Check one): 
                           Large accelerated filer 

Accelerated filer 

Non-accelerated filer 
      
        (do not check if a smaller reporting company) 
      
    Smaller reporting company   
      
    x 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).  Yes        No    x 
  The aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting, if applicable, stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant, computed by reference to the average of the bid and asked price of such stock as of the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter, was approximately $44,207,525.  Shares of the registrant s common stock held or beneficially owned by any executive officer or director of the registrant have been excluded from this computation because such persons may be deemed to be affiliates. This determination of affiliate status is not a conclusive determination for other purposes. 
    
  APPLICABLE ONLY TO CORPORATE ISSUERS 
  Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the registrant s classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date: 
  At   December 29, 2016   there were   5,261,170   shares of the registrant s common stock, par value $0.01 per share, outstanding. 

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
  Portions of the Proxy Statement for the   2017   Annual Meeting of the Stockholders of the Registrant are incorporated by reference into Part III of this report. 
  As used in this report, the terms  we,   us,   our,   Citizens Community Bancorp  and the  Company  mean Citizens Community Bancorp, Inc. and its wholly owned subsidiary, Citizens Community Federal N.A., unless the context indicates another meaning. As used in this report, the term  Bank  means our wholly owned subsidiary, Citizens Community Federal N.A. 

CITIZENS COMMUNITY BANCORP, INC. 
  FORM 10-K 
  September 30, 2016    
  TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page Number 
       PART I   
    5 
        
     ITEM 1.  
     BUSINESS  
    5 
        
     ITEM 1A.  
     RISK FACTORS  
    8 
        
     ITEM 1B.  
     UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS  
    14 
        
     ITEM 2.  
     PROPERTIES  
    15 
        
     ITEM 3.  
     LEGAL PROCEEDINGS  
    17 
        
     ITEM 4.  
     MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES  
    17 
       PART II  
    17 
        
     ITEM 5.  
     MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES  
    17 
        
     ITEM 6.  
     SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA  
    19 
        
     ITEM 7.  
     MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS  
    21 
        
     ITEM 7A.  
     QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK  
    42 
        
     ITEM 8.  
     FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA  
    44 
        
     ITEM 9.  
     CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE  
    102 
        
     ITEM 9A.  
     CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES  
    102 
        
     ITEM 9B.  
     OTHER INFORMATION  
    103 
       PART III  
    103 
        
     ITEM 10.  
     DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE  
    103 
        
     ITEM 11.  
     EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION  
    103 
        
     ITEM 12.  
     SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS  
    103 
        
     ITEM 13.  
     CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE  
    103 
        
     ITEM 14.  
     PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES  
    104 
       PART IV  
    104 
        
     ITEM 15.  
     EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES  
    104 

SIGNATURES  
    107 

3 

EXPLANATORY NOTE REGARDING RESTATEMENT 
    
  As disclosed in our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 29, 2016, the Company s audit committee 
  determined that the Company s unaudited interim and audited annual financial statements for the fiscal years ended September 
  30, 2014 and 2015 and the unaudited interim financial statements for the quarterly periods ended December 31, 2015, March 31, 2016 and June 30, 2016 (the  Restated Periods ), should not be relied upon due to errors identified in such financial statements related to the accrual for professional expenses for the Restated Periods. In addition, investors should no longer rely upon the preliminary earnings release for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016, the reports of Baker Tilly Virchow Krause, LLP for the fiscal years ended September 30, 2014 and 2015, and other communications relating to these consolidated financial statements.  Unless otherwise noted herein, all monetary amounts in this report, other than share, per share and capital ratio amounts, are stated in thousands. 
  This Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Company for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2016, includes restatement of 
  our previously filed consolidated balance sheets and the related consolidated statements of operations, shareholders  equity and cash flows for the fiscal years ended September 30, 2014 and 2015 as well as revised quarterly results of operations for the fiscal years ended September 30, 2015 and 2016. The prior period errors were discovered in connection with the annual audit of consolidated financial statements for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2016. Management determined that certain professional and other expense accrual items were overstated during the fiscal years ended September 30, 2014 and 2015, resulting in understatement of the Company's net income for the quarterly and annual periods ended September 30, 2014 and 2015. During the fiscal year ended September 30, 2016, management reversed these overstated accrued expenses which resulted in an overstatement of quarterly net income for the year ended September 30, 2016. The cumulative effect of the net over-accruals of certain expenses for the fiscal years ended September 30, 2014 and 2015 was that net income was understated by $726     and $192 respectively.  The effect of these restatements on the Company s 2016 and 2015 quarterly consolidated statements of operations, as reported on Forms 10-Q, are as follows: Total non-interest expense decreased by $60 for the quarter ended September 30, 2015; and decreased by $85 for each of the quarters ended June 30, 2015; March 31, 2015 and December 31, 2014. Net income increased by $36 for the quarter ended September 30, 2015; and increased by $52 for each of the quarters ended June 30, 2015; March 31, 2015 and December 31, 2014. Total non-interest expense increased by $151, $43, and $21 for the quarters ended June 30, 2016; March 31, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively. Net income decreased by $92, $26, and $13 for the quarters ended June 30, 2016; March 31, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively.  The effects of the restatements on the Company s balance sheets and statements of cash flows for the Restated Periods were not material.  For further detail regarding the restatement of the financial statements for the fiscal years ended September 30, 2014 and 2015, see Note 2, Financial Restatements, to Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8 of this Form 10-K. For the revised quarterly results of operations for the fiscal years ended September 30, 2015 and 2016, see  Selected Quarterly Financial Data  under Item 7 of this Form 10-K. 
  We believe that presenting all of this information regarding the Restated Periods in this Annual Report allows investors to 
  review all pertinent data in a single presentation. We have not filed amendments to our annual or quarterly reports for the fiscal 
  years ended September 30, 2014 and 2015 or quarterly reports for the quarterly periods ended December 31, 2015, March 31, 
  2016 and June 30, 2016 or the preliminary earnings release for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016 furnished on a 
  Form 8-K filed on October 28, 2016 (collectively, the  Affected Reports ). Accordingly, investors should rely only on the 
  financial information and other disclosures regarding the Restated Periods in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and not on the 
  Affected Reports or any reports, earnings releases or similar communications relating to those periods. 
  Forward-Looking Statements 
  Certain matters discussed in this Form 10-K contain  forward-looking statements  within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and the Company intends that these forward-looking statements be covered by the safe harbor for forward-looking statements contained in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements may be identified by the use of forward-looking words or phrases such as  anticipate,   believe,   could,   expect,   intend,   may,   planned,   potential,   should,   will,   would,  or the negative of those terms or other words of similar meaning.  Similarly, statements that describe the Company s future plans, objectives or goals are also forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements are inherently subject to many uncertainties in the Company s operations and business environment. 
  Factors that could affect actual results or outcomes include the matters described under the caption  Risk Factors  in Item 1A of this report and the following:  
             
    risks and uncertainties related to the restatement of our prior consolidated financial statements; 
                
    risks related to the remediation of the identified material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting; 
                
    the possibility that our internal controls and procedures could fail or be circumvented; 
                
    conditions in the financial markets and economic conditions generally; 
     
   4 

the possibility of a deterioration in the residential real estate markets; 
                
    interest rate risk; 
                
    lending risk; 
                
    the sufficiency of loan allowances; 
                
    changes in the fair value or ratings downgrades of our securities; 
                
    competitive pressures among depository and other financial institutions;  
                
    our ability to realize the benefits of net deferred tax assets; 
                
    our ability to maintain or increase our market share; 
                
    acts of terrorism and political or military actions by the United States or other governments; 
                
    legislative or regulatory changes or actions, or significant litigation, adversely affecting the Bank; 
                
    increases in FDIC insurance premiums or special assessments by the FDIC; 
                
    disintermediation risk; 
                
    our inability to obtain needed liquidity; 
                
    our ability to raise capital needed to fund growth or meet regulatory requirements; 
                
    our ability to attract and retain key personnel;  
                
    our ability to keep pace with technological change; 
                
    cybersecurity risks; 
                
    risks posed by acquisitions; 
                
    changes in accounting principles, policies or guidelines and their impact on financial performance; 
                
    restrictions on our ability to pay dividends; and 
                
    the potential volatility of our stock price. 
       
  Stockholders, potential investors and other readers are urged to consider these factors carefully in evaluating the forward-looking statements and are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such forward-looking statements. The forward-looking statements made herein are only made as of the date of this filing and the Company undertakes no obligation to publicly update such forward-looking statements to reflect subsequent events or circumstances occurring after the date of this report. 
   
  PART 1  
   
  ITEM 1. BUSINESS 
  General 
  Citizens Community Bancorp, Inc. (the "Company") is a Maryland corporation organized in 2004. The Company is a bank holding company and is subject to regulation by the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency ( OCC ) and by the Federal Reserve Bank. Our primary activities consist of holding the stock of our wholly-owned subsidiary bank, Citizens Community Federal N.A. (the "Bank"), and providing consumer, commercial and agricultural banking activities through the Bank. At   September 30, 2016  , we had approximately $696 million in total assets, $558 million in deposits, and $65 million in equity. Unless otherwise noted herein, all monetary amounts in this report, other than share, per share and capital ratio amounts, are stated in thousands. 
  Citizens Community Federal N.A. 
  The Bank is a federally chartered National Bank with 20 full-service offices; thirteen stand-alone locations and 7 in-store branches as of   September 30, 2016 
  On May 16, 2016, the Company successfully completed the acquisition through merger of Community Bank of Northern Wisconsin ("CBN"), with the Bank surviving the merger.  The Merger expands our presence in our Rice Lake, Wisconsin market with five additional branches.  Under the terms of the Merger Agreement, the total purchase price paid in a combination of cash and debt issued by the Company was $17,447, which represented a $16,762 book value of CBN as of April 30, 2016, less a capital dividend of $4,342 declared by CBN, plus a $5,000 fixed premium and daily interest through May 16, 2016 in the amount of $27.  The acquisition resulted in the following increases to our balance sheet as of the acquisition date: approximately $112,000 in loans, $151,000 in deposits, $4,228 of goodwill, $11,000 of debt, and $607 in a core deposit intangible.  
   In August 2016, we announced the closing of   four   in-store branches located in Eastern Wisconsin, effective November 2016.  As of   September 30, 2016  , the Bank had twenty full-service branch offices plus one leased location with a full-service ATM which accepts cash and check deposits.  After the closure of the four branch offices in Eastern Wisconsin, effective November 17, 2016, the Bank has 16 full-service offices:  thirteen stand-alone locations and 3 in-store branches.  We intend to continue to review our branch network to deploy assets and capital in growth markets and exit markets where we believe we have limited growth opportunities.  Through all of our branch locations in Wisconsin, Minnesota and Michigan, we provide a variety of commercial and consumer banking products and services to customers, including online and mobile banking options. 
  
   5 

Internet Website 
  We maintain a website at www.ccf.us. We make available through that website, free of charge, copies of our Annual report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, proxy statements for our annual stockholders  meetings and amendments to those reports or documents, as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file those materials with, or furnish them to, the Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ). We are not including the information contained on or available through our website as a part of, or incorporating such information by reference into, this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The SEC also maintains a website at   www.sec.gov   that contains reports, proxy statements and other information regarding SEC registrants. 
  Selected Consolidated Financial Information 
  This information is included in Item 6;  Selected Financial Data  herein. 
  Yields Earned and Rates Paid 
  This information is included in Item 7;  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations , under the heading  Statement of Operations Analysis  herein. 
  Rate/Volume Analysis 
  This information is included in Item 7;  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations , under the heading  Statement of Operations Analysis  herein. 
    
  Average Balance, Interest and Average Yields and Rates 
  This information is included in Item 7;  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations , under the heading  Statement of Operations Analysis  herein. 
  Lending 
  We offer a variety of loan products including commercial loans, agricultural loans, residential mortgages, home equity lines-of-credit, commercial and industrial (C I) loans and consumer loans. We make real estate, consumer, commercial and agricultural loans in accordance with the basic lending policies established by Bank management and approved by our Board of Directors.  We focus our lending activities on individual consumers and small commercial borrowers within our market areas. Our lending has been historically concentrated primarily within Wisconsin, Minnesota and Michigan. Competitive and economic pressures exist in our lending markets, and recent and any future developments in (a) the general economy, (b) real estate lending markets, and (c) the banking regulatory environment could have a material adverse effect on our business and operations. These factors may impact the credit quality of our existing loan portfolio, or adversely impact our ability to originate sufficient high quality loans in the future. 
  Our total gross outstanding loans, before net deferred loan costs, as of   September 30, 2016  , were   $574,248  , consisting of   $187,738   in residential real estate loans,   $152,853   in commercial/agricultural real estate loans, $188,009 in consumer non-real estate loans, and $45,648 in commercial/agricultural non-real estate loans. 
  Investments 
  We maintain a portfolio of investments, consisting primarily of U.S. Government sponsored agency securities, bonds and other obligations issued by states and their political subdivisions and mortgage-backed securities. We attempt to balance our portfolio to manage interest rate risk, regulatory requirements, and liquidity needs while providing an appropriate rate of return commensurate with the risk of the investment. 
  Deposits 
  We offer a broad range of deposit products through our branches, including demand deposits, various savings and money-market accounts and certificates of deposit. Deposits are insured by the Deposit Insurance Fund of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation ( FDIC ) up to statutory limits. At   September 30, 2016  , our total deposits were   $557,677   including interest bearing deposits of $512,269 and non-interest bearing deposits of   $45,408  . 
  Competition 
  We compete with other financial institutions and businesses both in attracting and retaining deposits and making loans in all of our principal markets. We believe the primary factors in competing for deposits are interest rates, personalized services,  
  
   6 

the quality and range of financial services, technology, convenience of office locations and office hours. Competition for deposit products comes primarily from other banks, credit unions and non-bank competitors, including insurance companies, money market and mutual funds, and other investment alternatives. We believe the primary factors in competing for loans are interest rates, loan origination fees, and the quality and the range of lending services. Competition for loans comes primarily from other banks, mortgage banking firms, credit unions, finance companies, leasing companies and other financial intermediaries. Some of our competitors are not subject to the same degree of regulation as that imposed on national banks or federally insured institutions, and these other institutions may be able to price loans and deposits more aggressively. We also face direct competition from other banks and their holding companies that have greater assets and resources than ours. 
    
  Regulation and Supervision 
  The Bank is examined and regulated by the Office of the Comptroller of Currency (OCC), and the Company is examined and regulated by the Federal Reserve Bank of Minneapolis.    The Bank is   a member of the Federal Reserve System and Federal Home Loan Bank of Chicago, which is one of the 12 regional banks in the Federal Home Loan Bank System.  In addition, the Bank s deposit accounts are insured by the FDIC to the maximum extent permitted by law, and the FDIC has certain enforcement powers over the Bank.  
    
  Capital Adequacy 
    
  Banks and bank holding companies are subject to various regulatory capital requirements administered by state and federal banking agencies. Capital adequacy guidelines and, additionally for banks, prompt corrective action regulations involve 
  quantitative measures of assets, liabilities and certain off-balance-sheet items calculated under regulatory accounting practices. 
  Capital amounts and classifications are also subject to qualitative judgments by regulators about components, risk weighting and other factors. 
    
  The OCC, Federal Reserve and the FDIC have substantially similar risk-based capital ratio and leverage ratio guidelines for banking organizations. The risk-based guidelines are intended to ensure that banking organizations have adequate capital given the risk levels of assets and off-balance sheet financial instruments. Under the guidelines, banking organizations are required to maintain minimum ratios for Tier 1 capital and total capital to risk-weighted assets (including certain off-balance sheet items, such as letters of credit). For purposes of calculating the ratios, a banking organization s assets and some of its specified off-balance sheet commitments and obligations are assigned to various risk categories. A depository institution s or holding company s capital, in turn, is classified in one of two tiers, depending on type: 
    
  Core Capital (Tier 1). Tier 1 capital includes common equity, retained earnings, qualifying non-cumulative perpetual 
  preferred stock, a limited amount of qualifying cumulative perpetual stock at the holding company level, minority 
  interests in equity accounts of consolidated subsidiaries, qualifying trust preferred securities, less goodwill, most 
  intangible assets and certain other assets; and 
    
  Supplementary Capital (Tier 2). Tier 2 capital includes, among other things, perpetual preferred stock and trust 
  preferred securities not meeting the Tier 1 definition, qualifying mandatory convertible debt securities, qualifying 
  subordinated debt, and allowances for possible loan and lease losses, subject to limitations. 
    
  New Capital Rules 
    
  In July 2013, the federal banking regulators issued new regulations relating to capital, referred to as the  Basel III Rules.  
  The Basel III Rules apply to both depository institutions and their holding companies. Although parts of the Basel III Rules 
  apply only to large, complex financial institutions, substantial portions of the Basel III Rules apply to the Bank and the 
  Company. The Basel III Rules include requirements contemplated by the Dodd-Frank Act as well as certain standards initially 
  adopted by the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision in December 2010. 
    
  The Basel III Rules include new risk-based and leverage capital ratio requirements and refine the definition of what 
  constitutes  capital  for purposes of calculating those ratios. Effective January 1, 2015, the minimum capital level requirements 
  applicable to the Company and the Bank under the Basel III Rules are: (i) a new common equity Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio of 4.5%; (ii) a Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio of 6% (increased from 4%); (iii) a total risk-based capital ratio of 8% (unchanged from current rules); and (iv) a Tier 1 leverage ratio of 4% for all institutions. Common equity Tier 1 capital consists of retained 
  earnings and common stock instruments, subject to certain adjustments, as well as accumulated other comprehensive income 
  ( AOCI ) except to the extent that the Company and the Bank exercise a one-time irrevocable option to exclude certain 
  components of AOCI. 

7 

The Basel III Rules also establish a  capital conservation buffer  of 2.5% above the new regulatory minimum risk-based 
  capital requirements. The conservation buffer, when added to the capital requirements, results in the following minimum 
  ratios: (i) a common equity Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio of 7.0%, (ii) a Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio of 8.5%, and (iii) a total 
  risk-based capital ratio of 10.5%. The new capital conservation buffer requirement was phased in beginning in January 2016 
  at 0.625% of risk-weighted assets and will increase by that amount each year until fully implemented in January 2019. An 
  institution would be subject to limitations on certain activities including payment of dividends, share repurchases and 
  discretionary bonuses to executive officers if its capital level is below the buffered ratio. Although these new capital ratios do not become fully phased in until 2019, it is anticipated that the banking regulators will expect bank holding companies and banks to meet these requirements well ahead of that date. 
    
  The Basel III Rules also revise the prompt corrective action framework (as discussed below), which is designed to place 
  restrictions on insured depository institutions, including the Bank, if their capital levels do not meet certain thresholds. These 
  revisions became effective January 1, 2015. The prompt correction action rules include a common equity Tier 1 capital 
  component and increase certain other capital requirements for the various thresholds. As of January 1, 2015, insured depository 
  institutions are required to meet the following capital levels in order to qualify as  well-capitalized:  (i) a new common equity 
  Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio of 6.5%; (ii) a Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio of 8% (increased from 6%); (iii) a total risk-based 
  capital ratio of 10% (unchanged from current rules); and (iv) a Tier 1 leverage ratio of 5% (unchanged from current rules). 
    
  The Federal Reserve may also set higher capital requirements for holding companies whose circumstances warrant it. For 
  example, holding companies experiencing internal growth or making acquisitions are expected to maintain strong capital 
  positions substantially above the minimum supervisory levels, without significant reliance on intangible assets. At this time, the 
  bank regulatory agencies are more inclined to impose higher capital requirements to meet well-capitalized standards and future 
  regulatory change could impose higher capital standards as a routine matter. The Bank, as a matter of prudent management, 
  targets as its goal the maintenance of capital ratios which exceed these minimum requirements and that are consistent with the 
  Bank s risk profile. 
    
  The Basel III Rules set forth certain changes in the methods of calculating certain risk-weighted assets, which in turn 
  affect the calculation of risk based ratios. Under the Basel III Rules, higher or more sensitive risk weights are assigned to 
  various categories of assets, including certain credit facilities that finance the acquisition, development or construction of real 
  property, certain exposures or credits that are 90 days past due or on nonaccrual, foreign exposures and certain corporate exposures.  In addition, these rules include greater recognition of collateral and guarantees, and revised capital treatment for derivatives and repo-style transactions. 
    
  Employees 
  At   December 29, 2016  , we had 145 full-time employees and 176 total employees, company-wide. We have no unionized employees, and we are not subject to any collective bargaining agreements. 
   
  ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
  The risks described below are not the only risks we face. Additional risks that we do not yet know of or that we currently believe are immaterial may also impair our future business operations. If any of the events or circumstances described in the following risks actually occurs, our business, financial condition or results of operations could be materially adversely affected. In such cases, the trading price of our common stock could decline. 
  We have restated our prior consolidated financial statements, which may lead to additional risks and uncertainties, 
  including shareholder litigation.   This Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Company for the fiscal year ended 
  September 30, 2016, includes restatement of our previously filed consolidated financial statements and the related 
  consolidated statements of operations, shareholders  equity and cash flows for the fiscal years ended September 30, 2014 and 
  2015 as well as revised quarterly results of operations for the fiscal years ended September 30, 2015 and 2016. The prior period errors were discovered in connection with the annual audit of consolidated financial statements for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2016.  Management determined that certain  professional and other expense accrual items were overstated during the fiscal years ended September 30, 2014 and 2015 resulting in understatement of the Company s net income for the quarterly and annual periods ended September 30, 2014 and 2015.  During the fiscal year ended September 30, 2016, management reversed these overstated accrued expenses which resulted in an overstatement of quarterly and annual net income for the year ended September 30, 2016. The determination to restate these financial statements was made by our Audit Committee upon management s recommendation. 

8 

As a result of these events, we have become subject to a number of additional risks and uncertainties, including 
  substantial unanticipated costs for accounting and legal fees in connection with or related to the restatement. If litigation did 
  occur, we may incur additional substantial defense costs regardless of the outcome. Likewise, such events might cause a 
  diversion of our management s time and attention. If we do not prevail in any such litigation, we could be required to pay 
  substantial damages or settlement costs.  
  We have identified a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting which could, if not 
  remediated, result in additional material misstatements in our financial statements.   Our management is responsible for 
  establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over our financial reporting, as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the 
  Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. As disclosed in Item 9A, management identified a material weakness in our 
  internal control over financial reporting related to an overestimate of accruals for professional expenses during the fiscal 
  years ended September 30, 2015 and 2014 and an underestimate of accruals for such expenses during quarterly periods of the 
  fiscal year ended September 30, 2016. A material weakness is defined as a deficiency, or combination of deficiencies, in 
  internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of our annual 
  or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. As a result of this material weakness, our 
  management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was not effective based on criteria set forth by the 
  Committee of Sponsoring Organization of the Treadway Commission in Internal Control An Integrated Framework (2013). We have developed a remediation plan designed to address this material weakness. If our remedial measures are insufficient to 
  address the material weakness, or if additional material weaknesses or significant deficiencies in our internal control are 
  discovered or occur in the future, our consolidated financial statements may contain material misstatements and we could be 
  required to restate our financial results, which could lead to substantial additional costs for accounting and legal fees and 
  shareholder litigation. 
  Our internal controls and procedures may fail or be circumvented.   Management regularly reviews and updates our 
  internal controls, disclosure controls and procedures, and corporate governance policies and procedures. Any system of 
  controls, however well-designed and operated, is based in part on certain assumptions and can provide only reasonable 
  assurances that the objectives of the system are met. Any (a) failure or circumvention of our controls and procedures, (b) 
  failure to adequately address any internal control deficiencies, or (c) failure to comply with regulations related to controls 
  and procedures could have a material effect on our business, consolidated financial condition and results of operations. See 
  Item 9A  Controls and Procedures  for further discussion of our internal controls. 
  Our business may be adversely affected by conditions in the financial markets and economic conditions generally.   We operate primarily in the Wisconsin, Minnesota and Michigan markets.  As a result, our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows are significantly impacted by changes in the economic conditions in those areas.  In addition, our business is susceptible to broader economic trends within the United States economy.  From December 2007 to June 2009, the United States economy experienced the worst economic downturn since the Great Depression, resulting in a general reduction of business activity and growth across industries and regions as well as significant increases in unemployment. Many businesses experienced serious financial difficulties due to the lack of consumer spending and liquidity in the credit markets.  The financial services industry and the securities markets generally were materially and adversely affected by significant declines in the values of nearly all asset classes.  General declines in home prices and the resulting impact on sub-prime mortgages, and eventually, all mortgage and real estate classes as well as equity markets resulted in continued widespread shortages of liquidity across the financial services industry.  Moreover, the country and our geographic region experienced high rates of unemployment which negatively impacted the creditworthiness of our borrowers and customer base. 
  Although the economy has been in the recovery phase since 2009, the recovery has been weak and there can be no assurance that the economy will not enter into another recession, whether in the near term or long term.  Continuation of the slow recovery or another economic downturn or sustained, high unemployment levels may negatively impact our operating results. Additionally, adverse changes in the economy may also have a negative effect on the ability of our borrowers to make timely repayments of their loans. These factors could expose us to an increased risk of loan defaults and losses and could have an adverse impact on our earnings. 
  Deterioration in the markets for residential real estate, including secondary residential mortgage loan markets, could reduce our net income and profitability.   During the severe recession that lasted from 2007 to 2009, softened residential housing markets, increased delinquency and default rates, and volatile and constrained secondary credit markets negatively impacted the mortgage industry. Our financial results were adversely affected by these effects including changes in real estate values, primarily in Wisconsin, Minnesota and Michigan, and our net income declined as a result. Decreases in real estate values adversely affected the value of property used as collateral for loans as well as investments in our portfolio.  Continued slow growth in the economy since 2009 has resulted in increased competition and lower rates, which has negatively impacted our net income and profits. 
  
   9 

The foregoing changes could affect our ability to originate loans and deposits, the fair value of our financial assets and liabilities and the average maturity of our securities portfolio. An increase in the level of interest rates may also adversely affect the ability of certain of our borrowers to repay their obligations. If interest rates paid on deposits or other borrowings were to increase at a faster rate than the interest rates earned on loans and investments, our net income would be adversely affected. 
  We are subject to interest rate risk.   Through our banking subsidiary, the Bank, our profitability depends in large part on our net interest income, which is the difference between interest earned from interest-earning assets, such as loans and mortgage-backed securities, and interest paid on interest-bearing liabilities, such as deposits and borrowings. Our net interest income will be adversely affected if market interest rates change such that the interest we pay on deposits and borrowings increase faster than the interest earned on loans and investments.  The rates of interest we earn on assets and pay on liabilities generally are established contractually for a period of time. Market interest rates change over time due to many factors that are beyond our control, including but not limited to: general economic conditions and government policy decisions, especially policies of the Federal Reserve Bank. Accordingly, our results of operations, like those of other financial institutions, are impacted by changes in interest rates and the interest rate sensitivity of our assets and liabilities. The risk associated with changes in interest rates and our ability to adapt to these changes is known as interest rate risk. 
  We are subject to lending risk.   There are inherent risks associated with our lending activities. These risks include the impact of changes in interest rates and changes in the economic conditions in the markets we serve, as well as those across the United States. An increase in interest rates or weakening economic conditions (such as high levels of unemployment) could adversely impact the ability of borrowers to repay outstanding loans, or could substantially weaken the value of collateral securing those loans. Downward pressure on real estate values could increase the potential for problem loans and thus have a direct impact on our consolidated results of operations. 
  Our allowance for loan losses may be insufficient.   To address risks inherent in our loan portfolio, we maintain an allowance for loan losses that represents management s best estimate of probable losses that exist within our loan portfolio. The level of the allowance reflects management s continuing evaluation of various factors, including specific credit risks, historical loan loss experience, current loan portfolio quality, present economic, political and regulatory conditions, and unidentified losses inherent in the current loan portfolio. Determining the appropriate level of the allowance for loan losses involves a high degree of subjectivity and requires us to make estimates of significant credit risks, which may undergo material changes. In evaluating our impaired loans, we assess repayment expectations and determine collateral values based on all information that is available to us. However, we must often make subjective decisions based on our assumption about the creditworthiness of the borrowers and the values of collateral securing these loans. 
  Deterioration in economic conditions affecting borrowers, new information regarding existing loans, identification of additional problem loans, and other factors, both within and outside of our control, may require an increase in our allowance for loan losses. In addition, bank regulatory agencies periodically examine our allowance for loan losses and may require an increase in the allowance or the recognition of further loan charge-offs, based on judgments different from those of our management. 
  If charge-offs in future periods exceed our allowance for loan losses, we will need to take additional loan loss provisions to increase our allowance for loan losses. Any additional loan loss provision will reduce our net income or increase our net loss, which could have a direct material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 
  Changes in the fair value or ratings downgrades of our securities may reduce our stockholders  equity, net earnings, or regulatory capital ratios.   At   September 30, 2016  ,   $80,123   of our securities, were classified as available for sale and   $6,669   were classified as held to maturity. The estimated fair value of our available for sale securities portfolio may increase or decrease depending on market conditions. Our available for sale securities portfolio is comprised primarily of fixed-rate securities. We increase or decrease stockholders  equity by the amount of the change in unrealized gain or loss (the difference between the estimated fair value and amortized cost) of our available for sale securities portfolio, net of the related tax benefit or provision, under the category of accumulated other comprehensive income/loss. Therefore, a decline in the estimated fair value of this portfolio will result in a decline in our reported stockholders  equity, as well as our book value per common share and tangible book value per common share. This decrease will occur even though the securities are not sold. In the case of debt securities, if these securities are never sold, the decrease may be recovered over the life of the securities. 
  We conduct a periodic review and evaluation of our securities portfolio to determine if the decline in the fair value of any security below its cost basis is other-than-temporary. Factors which we consider in our analysis include, but are not limited to, the severity and duration of the decline in fair value of the security, the financial condition and near-term prospects of the issuer, whether the decline appears to be related to issuer conditions or general market or industry conditions, our intent and ability to retain the security for a period of time sufficient to allow for any anticipated recovery in fair value and the likelihood of any near-term fair value recovery. We generally view changes in fair value caused by changes in interest rates as temporary,  
  
   10 

which is consistent with our experience. If we deem such decline to be other-than-temporary related to credit losses, the security is written down to a new cost basis and the resulting loss is charged to earnings as a component of non-interest income in the period in which the decline in value occurs. 
  We have, in the past, recorded other than temporary impairment ( OTTI ) charges, principally arising from investments in non-agency mortgage-backed securities. We continue to monitor our securities portfolio as part of our ongoing OTTI evaluation process. No assurance can be given that we will not need to recognize OTTI charges related to securities in the future. Future OTTI charges would cause decreases to both Tier 1 and Risk-based capital levels which may expose the Company and/or the Bank to additional regulatory restrictions. 
  The capital that we are required to maintain for regulatory purposes is impacted by, among other factors, the securities ratings on our portfolio. Therefore, ratings downgrades on our securities may also have a material adverse effect on our risk-based regulatory capital levels. 
  Competition may affect our results.   We face strong competition in originating loans, in seeking deposits and in offering other banking services. We compete with commercial banks, trust companies, mortgage banking firms, credit unions, finance companies, mutual funds, insurance companies and brokerage and investment banking firms. Our market area is also served by commercial banks and savings associations that are substantially larger than us in terms of deposits and loans and have greater human and financial resources. This competitive climate can make it difficult to establish, maintain and retain relationships with new and existing customers and can lower the rate we are able to charge on loans, increase the rates we must offer on deposits, and affect our charges for other services. Those factors can, in turn, adversely affect our results of operations and profitability. 
  We may not have sufficient pre-tax net income in future periods to fully realize the benefits of our net deferred tax assets.   Assessing the need for, or the sufficiency of, a valuation allowance requires management to evaluate all available evidence. Based on future pre-tax net income projections and the planned execution of existing tax planning strategies, we believe that it is more likely than not that we will fully realize the benefits of our net deferred tax assets. However, our current assessment is based on assumptions and judgments that may or may not reflect actual future results. If a valuation allowance becomes necessary, it could have a material adverse effect on our consolidated results of operations and financial condition. 
  Maintaining or increasing our market share may depend on lowering prices and market acceptance of new products and services.   Our success depends, in part, on our ability to adapt our products and services to evolving industry standards and customer demands. We face increasing pressure to provide products and services at lower prices, which can reduce our net interest margin and revenues from our fee-based products and services. In addition, the widespread adoption of new technologies, including internet and mobile banking services, could require us to make substantial expenditures to modify or adapt our existing products and services. Also, these and other capital investments in our business may not produce expected growth in earnings anticipated at the time of the expenditure. We may not be successful in introducing new products and services, achieving market acceptance of our products and services, or developing and maintaining loyal customers, which in turn, could adversely affect our results of operations and profitability. 
  Acts or threats of terrorism and political or military actions by the United States or other governments could adversely affect general economic industry conditions.   Geopolitical conditions may affect our earnings. Acts or threats of terrorism and political actions taken by the United States or other governments in response to terrorism, or similar activity, could adversely affect general or industry conditions and, as a result, our consolidated financial condition and results of operations. 
  We operate in a highly regulated environment, and are subject to changes, which could increase our cost structure or have other negative impacts on our operations.   The banking industry is extensively regulated at the federal and state levels. Insured depository institutions and their holding companies are subject to comprehensive regulation and supervision by financial regulatory authorities covering all aspects of their organization, management and operations. Specifically, the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act has resulted in the elimination of the Office of Thrift Supervision, tightening of capital standards, and the creation of the new Consumer Financial Protection Bureau. Moreover, it has resulted, or is likely to result, in new laws, regulations and regulatory supervisors that are expected to increase our cost of operations. In addition, the recent change to the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency ( OCC ) as our primary regulator may result in interpretations different than those formerly provided by the Office of Thrift Supervision.  In addition to its regulatory powers, the OCC also has significant enforcement authority that it can use to address banking practices that it believes to be unsafe and unsound, violations of laws, and capital and operational deficiencies. Regulation includes, among other things, capital and reserve requirements, permissible investments and lines of business, dividend limitations, limitations on products and services offered, loan limits, geographical limits, consumer credit regulations, community reinvestment requirements and restrictions on transactions with affiliated parties. The system of supervision and regulation applicable to us establishes a comprehensive framework for our operations and is intended primarily for the protection of the Deposit Insurance Fund, our depositors and the  
  
   11 

public, rather than our stockholders. We are also subject to regulation by the SEC. Failure to comply with applicable laws, regulations or policies could result in sanction by regulatory agencies, civil monetary penalties, and/or damage to our reputation, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, consolidated financial condition and results of operations. In addition, any change in government regulation could have a material adverse effect on our business. 
  We are subject to increases in FDIC insurance premiums and special assessments by the FDIC, which will adversely affect our earnings.    We are generally unable to control the amount of premiums that we are required to pay for FDIC insurance. For example, during 2008 and 2009, higher levels of bank failures dramatically increased resolution costs of the FDIC and depleted the Deposit Insurance Fund. On July 21, 2010, President Barack Obama signed the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, which, in part, permanently raised the current standard maximum deposit insurance amount to $250,000 per customer (up from $100,000). These programs placed additional stress on the Deposit Insurance Fund. In order to maintain a strong funding position and restore reserve ratios of the Deposit Insurance Fund, the FDIC increased assessment rates of the insured institutions.  If additional bank or financial institution failures increase, or if the cost of resolving prior failures exceeds expectations, we may be required to pay even higher FDIC premiums than the current levels. Any future increases or required prepayments of FDIC insurance premiums may adversely impact our earnings and financial condition. 
  Customers may decide not to use banks to complete their financial transactions, which could result in a loss of income to us.   Technology and other changes are allowing customers to complete financial transactions that historically have involved banks at one or both ends of the transaction. For example, customers can now pay bills and transfer funds directly without going through a bank. The process of eliminating banks as intermediaries, known as disintermediation, could result in the loss of fee income, as well as the loss of customer deposits. 
  We could experience an unexpected inability to obtain needed liquidity.   Liquidity measures the ability to meet current and future cash flow needs as they become due. The liquidity of a financial institution reflects its ability to meet loan requests, to accommodate possible outflows in deposits, and to take advantage of interest rate market opportunities. The ability of a financial institution to meet its current financial obligations is a function of its balance sheet structure, its ability to liquidate assets and its access to alternative sources of funds. We seek to ensure our funding needs are met by maintaining an appropriate level of liquidity through asset/liability management. If we become unable to obtain funds when needed, it could have a material adverse effect on our business and, in turn, our consolidated financial condition and results of operations. Moreover, it could limit our ability to take advantage of what we believe to be good market opportunities for expanding our loan portfolio. 
  Future growth, operating results or regulatory requirements may require us to raise additional capital but that capital may not be available.   We are required by federal and state regulatory authorities to maintain adequate levels of capital to support our operations. To the extent our future operating results erode capital or we elect to expand through loan growth or acquisition, we may be required to raise additional capital. 
  Our ability to raise capital will depend on conditions in the capital markets, which are outside of our control, and on our financial performance. Accordingly, we cannot be assured of our ability to raise capital when needed or on favorable terms. If we cannot raise additional capital when needed or if we are subject to material unfavorable terms for such capital, we may be subject to increased regulatory supervision and the imposition of restrictions on our growth and business. These actions could negatively impact our ability to operate or further expand our operations and may result in increases in operating expenses and reductions in revenues that could have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial condition and results of operations. 
  We may not be able to attract or retain key people.   Our success depends, in part, on our ability to attract and retain key people. Competition for the best people in most activities engaged in by us can be intense and we may not be able to hire people or retain them. The unexpected loss of services of one or more of our key personnel could have a material adverse impact on our business because of their skills, knowledge of our local markets, years of industry experience and the difficulty of promptly finding qualified replacement personnel. 
  We continually encounter technological change.   The financial services industry is continually undergoing rapid technological change with frequent introductions of new technology driven by new or modified products and services. The effective use of technology increases efficiency and enables financial institutions to better serve customers and to reduce costs. Our future success depends, in part, upon our ability to address the needs of our customers by using technology to provide products and services that will satisfy customer demands, as well as to create additional efficiencies in our operations. Many of our competitors have substantially greater resources to invest in technological improvements. We may not be able to effectively implement new technology driven products and services or be successful in marketing these products and services to our customers. Failure to successfully keep pace with technological change affecting the financial services industry could have a material adverse impact on our business and, in turn, our financial condition and results of operations. 
  
   12 

We rely on network and information systems and other technologies, and, as a result, we are subject to various Cybersecurity risks.   Cybersecurity refers to the combination of technologies, processes and procedures established to protect information technology systems and data from unauthorized access, attack, or damage. Our business involves the storage and transmission of customers  personal information. While we have internal policies and procedures designed to prevent or limit the effect of a failure, interruption or security breach of our information systems, as well as contracts and service agreements with applicable outside vendors, we cannot be assured that any such failures, interruptions or security breaches will not occur or, if they do, that they will be addressed adequately.  Unauthorized disclosure of sensitive or confidential client or customer information, whether through a breach of our computer systems or otherwise, could severely harm our business.  Although we have implemented measures to prevent security breaches, cyber incidents and other security threats, our facilities and systems, and those of third party service providers, may be vulnerable to security breaches, acts of vandalism, computer viruses, misplaced or lost data, programming and/or human error, or other similar events that could have a material adverse effect on our business. Furthermore, the storage and transmission of such data is regulated at the federal and state level. Privacy information security laws and regulation changes, and compliance therewith, may result in cost increases due to system changes and the development of new administrative processes. If we fail to comply with applicable laws and regulations or experience a data security breach involving the misappropriation, loss or other unauthorized disclosure of confidential information, whether by us or our vendors, our reputation could be damaged, possibly resulting in lost future business, and we could be subject to fines, penalties, administrative orders and other legal risks as a result of a breach or non-compliance. 
    
  The acquisition of bank assets, bank branches and other entities involves risks.    We recently acquired through merger, Community Bank of Northern Wisconsin (CBN). In the future, we may acquire additional bank assets, bank branches or other entities. Although the integration of CBN into our operations has been successfully completed, we cannot assure you that we will be able to adequately or profitably manage any such future acquisitions. The acquisition of bank assets, bank branches and other entities involves risk, including exposure to unknown or contingent liabilities, the uncertainties of asset quality assessment, the difficulty and expense of integrating the operations and personnel of the acquired companies with ours, the potential negative effects on our other operations of the diversion of management s time and attention, and the possible loss of key employees and customers of the acquires. Our failure to execute our internal growth strategy or our acquisition strategy could adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition, and future prospects. 
  We are subject to changes in accounting principles, policies or guidelines.   Our financial performance is impacted by accounting principles, policies and guidelines. Some of these policies require the use of estimates and assumptions that may affect the value of our assets or liabilities and financial results. Some of our accounting policies are critical because they require management to make subjective and complex judgments about matters that are inherently uncertain and because it is likely that materially different amounts would be reported under different conditions or using different assumptions. If such estimates or assumptions underlying our financial statements are incorrect, we may experience material losses. 
  From time to time, the FASB and the SEC change the financial accounting and reporting standards or the interpretation of those standards that govern the preparation of our financial statements. These changes are beyond our control, can be difficult to predict and could materially impact how we report our financial condition and results of operations. Changes in these standards are continuously occurring, and given recent economic conditions, more drastic changes may occur. The implementation of such changes could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 
    
  Our ability to pay dividends depends primarily on dividends from our banking subsidiary, the Bank, which is subject to regulatory and other limitations.    We are a bank holding company and our operations are conducted primarily by our banking subsidiary, the Bank. Since we receive substantially all of our revenue from dividends from the Bank, our ability to pay dividends on our common stock depends on our receipt of dividends from the Bank. 
  The Company is a legal entity separate and distinct from its banking subsidiary. As a bank holding company, the Company is subject to certain restrictions on its ability to pay dividends under applicable banking laws and regulations. Federal bank regulators are authorized to determine under certain circumstances relating to the financial condition of a bank holding company or a bank that the payment of dividends would be an unsafe or unsound practice and to prohibit payment thereof. In particular, federal bank regulators have stated that paying dividends that deplete a banking organization s capital base to an inadequate level would be an unsafe and unsound banking practice and that banking organizations should generally pay dividends only out of current operating earnings. In addition, in the current financial and economic environment, the Federal Reserve has indicated that bank holding companies should carefully review their dividend policy and has discouraged payment ratios that are at maximum allowable levels unless both asset quality and capital are very strong. 
  The ability of the Bank to pay dividends to us is also subject to its profitability, financial condition, capital expenditures and other cash flow requirements. The Bank may not be able to generate adequate cash flow to pay us dividends  
  
   13 

in the future. The Company's ability to pay dividends is also subject to the terms of its Amended and Restated Loan Agreement with First Tennessee Bank National Association ( FTB ) dated September 30, 2017, which prohibits the Company from making dividend payments while an event of default has occurred and is continuing under the loan agreement or from allowing payment of a dividend which would create an event of default. The Company has pledged 100% of Bank stock as collateral for the loan and credit facilities with FTB.  The inability to receive dividends from the Bank could have an adverse effect on our business and financial condition.   
  Furthermore, holders of our common stock are only entitled to receive the dividends as our Board of Directors may declare out of funds legally available for such payments. Although we have historically paid cash dividends on our common stock, we are not required to do so and our Board of Directors could reduce or eliminate our common stock dividend in the future. This could adversely affect the market price of our common stock. 
    
  Our shares of common stock are thinly traded and our stock price may be more volatile.   Because our common stock is thinly traded, its market price may fluctuate significantly more than the stock market in general or the stock prices of similar companies, which are exchanged, listed or quoted on the NASDAQ Stock Market. We believe there are 4,774,635 shares of our common stock held by nonaffiliates as of December 16, 2016. Thus, our common stock will be less liquid than the stock of companies with broader public ownership, and as a result, the trading prices for our shares of common stock may be more volatile. Among other things, trading of a relatively small volume of our common stock may have a greater impact on the trading price of our stock than would be the case if our public float were larger.  On August 31, 2016, the Company announced its intention to repurchase up to 525,200 shares of its common stock, or approximately 10 percent of the current outstanding shares from time to time through October 1, 2017, however, the Company s share repurchase plan does not obligate it to acquire any specific number of shares.   In addition, price volatility over a given period may cause the average price at which the Company repurchases its own stock to exceed the stock s price at a given point in time. 
   
  ITEM 1B.  UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
    
  None. 
  
   14 

15 

16 

(1) 
    Effective March 1, 2007, Citizens Community Federal N.A. has a right to cancel this lease, with the cancellation to take effect 90 days after it exercises the right to cancel. 
              (2) 
    Leased Lake Hallie traditional location opened on September 22, 2016 with a predetermined rent increase each year and a lessee option to extend the lease by up to two five-year periods, each at predetermined rent rates. 
              (3) 
    Effective on or about November 15, 2016, the Appleton and Neenah, Wisconsin Branch offices, located within Walmart stores will close.  Effective on or about November 16, 2016, the Fond du Lac and Oshkosh, Wisconsin Branch offices, located within Walmart stores will close. 
              (4) 
    Leased Barron location has a lessee option to extend the lease by one, five-year period at a predetermined rent rate. 
              (5) 
    Leased Eastridge Center location has a predetermined rent rate increase each year and a right to renew for two additional periods of three years, each at negotiated conditions. 
              (6) 
    Leased Mankato traditional location has a predetermined rent increase each year and a lessee option to extend the lease by up to two five-year periods, each at predetermined rent rates. 
              (7) 
    Leased Brill location has a lessee option to extend the lease by up to one, two-year period, at a negotiated amount. 
              (8) 
    Leased Ladysmith location is on a fixed monthly amount until expiration. 
              (9) 
    On October 18, 2013, the Bank exercised its first lessee option to extend all these leases up to one five-year period, each at predetermined rent rates.  Leased Walmart locations each have a lessee option to extend the lease by up to one, five-year period, each at predetermined rent rates. 
              (10) 
    Leased Gordy's branch location closed on September 23, 2015 and was replaced with a full-service ATM which accepts cash and check deposits.  The leased ATM location within Gordy's has a lessee option to extend the lease by up to one five-year period at a predetermined rent rate. 
              (11) 
    Leased Rice Lake South traditional location has a lessee option to extend the lease by up to two five-year periods, each at predetermined rent rates. 
              (12) 
    Leased Oakdale branch location has a predetermined rent rate increase each year.  

ITEM 3.  LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
  In the normal course of business, the Company and/or the Bank occasionally become involved in various legal proceedings. In our opinion, any liability from such proceedings would not have a material adverse effect on the business or financial condition of the Company. 
   
  ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
  None 
   
  PART II 
   
  ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
  Historically, trading in shares of our common stock has been limited. Citizens Community Bancorp, Inc. common stock is traded on the NASDAQ Global Market under the symbol  CZWI . 
  The following table summarizes high and low bid prices and cash dividends declared for our common stock for the periods indicated. Bid prices are as provided by the Yahoo Finance System. The reported high and low prices represent interdealer bid prices, without retail mark-up, mark-downs or commission, and may not necessarily represent actual transactions. 
  
   17 

The closing price per share of Citizens Community Bancorp, Inc. common stock on   September 30, 2016   (the last trading day of our fiscal year end) was $11.18. 
  We had approximately 339 stockholders of record at   December 29, 2016  . The number of stockholders does not separately reflect persons or entities that hold their stock in nominee or  street  name through various brokerage firms. We believe that the number of beneficial owners of our common stock on that date was substantially greater. 
  The holders of our common stock are entitled to receive such dividends when and as declared by our Board of Directors and approved by our regulators. In determining the payment of cash dividends, our Board of Directors considers our earnings, capital and debt servicing requirements, the financial ratio guidelines of our regulators, our financial condition and other relevant factors. 
  The Company's ability to pay dividends on its common stock is dependent on the dividend payments it receives from the Bank, since the Company receives substantially all of its revenue in the form of dividends from the Bank. Future dividends are not guaranteed and will depend on the Company's ability to pay them. 
  The Company is a legal entity separate and distinct from its banking subsidiary. As a bank holding company, the Company is subject to certain restrictions on its ability to pay dividends under applicable banking laws and regulations. Federal bank regulators are authorized to determine under certain circumstances relating to the financial condition of a bank holding company or a bank that the payment of dividends would be an unsafe or unsound practice and to prohibit payment thereof. In particular, federal bank regulators have stated that paying dividends that deplete a banking organization s capital base to an inadequate level would be an unsafe and unsound banking practice and that banking organizations should generally pay dividends only out of current operating earnings. In addition, in the current financial and economic environment, the Federal Reserve has indicated that bank holding companies should carefully review their dividend policy and has discouraged payment ratios that are at maximum allowable levels unless both asset quality and capital are very strong. 
  The Company's ability to pay dividends is also subject to the terms of its Amended and Restated Loan Agreement with First Tennessee Bank National Association dated   September 30, 2016  , which prohibits the Company from making dividend payments while an event of default has occurred and is continuing under the loan agreement or from allowing payment of a dividend which would create an event of default. 
  The following table reflects the annual cash dividend paid in the fiscal years ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 respectively. 

18 

19 

(1) 
    Earnings per share are based on the weighted average number of shares outstanding for the period. 
              (2) 
    Consists of a term note from First Tennessee Bank National Association to finance the acquisition of CBN and matures on May 15, 2021. 
              (3) 
    Net interest margin represents net interest income as a percentage of average interest earning assets, and net interest rate spread represents the difference between the weighted average yield on interest earning assets and the weighted average cost of interest bearing liabilities. 
              (4) 
    Net overhead ratio represents the difference between non-interest expense and non-interest income, divided by average assets. 
              (5) 
    Efficiency ratio represents non-interest expense, divided by the sum of net interest income and non-interest income, excluding impairment losses from OTTI. 
     
   20 

(6) 
    Non-performing loans are either 90+ days past due or nonaccrual. Non-performing assets consist of non-performing loans plus other real estate owned plus other collateral owned. 
              (7) 
    Presented on a consolidated basis. 
              (8) 
    Presented on a Bank (i.e. regulatory) basis. 

ITEM 7.  MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
   
  GENERAL 
  The following discussion sets forth management s discussion and analysis of our consolidated financial condition and results of operations that should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements, related notes, the selected financial data and the statistical information presented elsewhere in this report for a more complete understanding of the following discussion and analysis. Unless otherwise noted, years refer to the Company s fiscal years ended September 30,   2016   and   2015  . 
    
  RESTATEMENT SUMMARY 
  This Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Company for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2016, includes restatement of 
  our previously filed consolidated financial statements and the related consolidated statements of operations, shareholders  equity and cash flows for the fiscal years ended September 30, 2014 and 2015 as well as revised quarterly results of operations for the fiscal years ended September 30, 2015 and 2016. The prior period errors were discovered in connection with the annual audit of consolidated financial statements for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2016. Management determined that certain  professional and other expense accrual items were overstated during the fiscal years ended September 30, 2014 and 2015 resulting in understatement of the Company s net income for the quarterly and annual periods ended September 30, 2014 and 2015.  During the fiscal year ended September 30, 2016, management reversed these overstated accrued expenses which resulted in an overstatement of quarterly and annual net income for the year ended September 30, 2016. The cumulative effect of the net over-accruals of certain expenses for the fiscal years ended September 30, 2014 and 2015 was that net income was understated by $726 and $192 respectively.  The effect of these restatements on the Company s 2016 and 2015 quarterly consolidated statements of operations, as reported on Forms 10-Q, are as follows: Total non-interest expense decreased by $60 for the quarter ended September 30, 2015; and decreased by $85 for each of the quarters ended June 30, 2015; March 31, 2015 and December 31, 2014. Net income increased by $36 for the quarter ended September 30, 2015; and increased by $52 for each of the quarters ended June 30, 2015; March 31, 2015 and December 31, 2014. Total non-interest expense increased by $151, $43, and $21 for the quarters ended June 30, 2016; March 31, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively. Net income decreased by $92, $26, and $13 for the quarters ended June 30, 2016; March 31, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively.  The effects of the restatements on the Company s balance sheets and statements of cash flows for the Restated Periods were not material.  For further detail regarding the restatement of the financial statements for the fiscal years ended September 30, 2014 and 2015, see Note 2, Financial Restatements, to Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8 of this Form 10-K. For the revised quarterly results of operations for the fiscal years ended September 30, 2015 and 2016, see  Selected Quarterly Financial Data  under Item 7 of this Form 10-K. 
  We believe that presenting all of this information regarding the Restated Periods in this Annual Report allows investors to 
  review all pertinent data in a single presentation. We have not filed amendments to our annual or quarterly reports for the fiscal 
  years ended September 30, 2014 and 2015 or quarterly reports for the quarterly periods ended December 31, 2015, March 31, 
  2016 and June 30, 2016 or the preliminary earnings release for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016 furnished on an 
  Form 8-K filed on October 28, 2016 (collectively, the  Affected Reports ). Accordingly, investors should rely only on the 
  financial information and other disclosures regarding the Restated Periods in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and not on the 
  Affected Reports or any reports, earnings releases or similar communications relating to those periods. 
   
  PERFORMANCE SUMMARY 
  The following is a brief summary of some of the significant factors that affected our operating results in   2016  . See the remainder of this section for a more thorough discussion. Unless otherwise stated, all monetary amounts in this Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, other than share, per share and capital ratio amounts, are stated in thousands. 
  We reported net income of   $2,573   for the year ended   September 30, 2016  , compared to net income of   $2,806   for the year ended   September 30, 2015  . Diluted earnings per share were   $0.49   for   2016   compared to   $0.54   for the year ended September 30,   2015  .  Return on average assets for the year ended September 30,   2016   was   0.40%  , compared to   0.49%   for the year ended September 30,   2015  . The return on average equity was   4.08%   for   2016   and   4.70%   for   2015  . An annual cash  
  
   21 

dividend in the amount of   $0.12   per share and   $0.08   per share was paid in the fiscal year ended September 30,   2016   and    2015  , respectively. 
  Key factors behind the earnings results were: 
              
    The net interest margin for   2016   was   3.27%   compared to   3.36%   for   2015  . The 9 bp decrease in net interest margin was mainly attributable to an 7 bp decrease in the yield on interest earning assets during   2016  . Yield on loans decreased 9 bps while yields on investment securities increased 5 bps year over year, respectively, during these two periods. 

CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES 
       
    Our consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with Accounting Standards Generally Accepted in the United States of America ("GAAP") as applied in the United States. In connection with the preparation of our financial statements, we are required to make assumptions and estimates about future events, and apply judgments that affect the reported amount of assets, liabilities, revenue, expenses and the related disclosures. We base our assumptions, estimates and judgments on historical experience, current trends and other factors that management believes to be relevant at the time our consolidated financial statements are prepared. Some of these estimates are more critical than others. Below is a discussion of our critical accounting estimates 
  Allowance for Loan Losses. 
  We maintain an allowance for loan losses to absorb probable and inherent losses in our loan portfolio. The allowance is based on ongoing, quarterly assessments of the estimated probable incurred losses in our loan portfolio. In evaluating the level of the allowance for loan loss, we consider the types of loans and the amount of loans in our loan portfolio, historical loss experience, adverse situations that may affect the borrower s ability to repay, the estimated value of any underlying collateral, prevailing economic conditions and other relevant factors determined by management. We follow all applicable regulatory guidance, including the  Interagency Policy Statement on the Allowance for Loan and Lease Losses,  issued by the Federal Financial Institutions Examination Council (FFIEC). We believe that the Bank s Allowance for Loan Losses Policy conforms to all applicable regulatory requirements. However, based on periodic examinations by regulators, the amount of the allowance for loan losses recorded during a particular period may be adjusted. 
  Our determination of the allowance for loan losses is based on (1) specific allowances for specifically identified and evaluated impaired loans and their corresponding estimated loss based on likelihood of default, payment history, and net realizable value of underlying collateral. Specific allocations for collateral dependent loans are based on fair value of the underlying collateral relative to the unpaid principal balance of individually impaired loans.  For loans that are not collateral dependent, the specific allocation is based on the present value of expected future cash flows discounted at the loan s original effective interest rate through the repayment period; and (2) a general allowance on loans not specifically identified in (1) above, based on historical loss ratios, which are adjusted for qualitative and general economic factors. We continue to refine our allowance for loan losses methodology, with an increased emphasis on historical performance adjusted for applicable economic and qualitative factors. 
  Assessing the allowance for loan losses is inherently subjective as it requires making material estimates, including the amount and timing of future cash flows expected to be received on impaired loans, any of which estimates may be susceptible to significant change. In our opinion, the allowance, when taken as a whole, reflects estimated probable loan losses in our loan portfolio. 
  
   22 

Goodwill.  
  Goodwill resulting from the acquisition by merger of CBN was determined as the excess of the fair value of the consideration transferred, over the fair value of the net assets acquired, less liabilities assumed in the acquisition by merger, as of the acquisition date. Goodwill resulting from the selective purchase of loans and deposits from Central Bank in February 2016 was determined as the excess of the Premium Deposit less the Core Deposit Intangible as of the acquisition date.  Goodwill is determined to have an indefinite useful life, and is not amortized. Goodwill is tested for impairment at least annually or more frequently if events and circumstances exist that indicate that a goodwill impairment test should be performed.  
  Fair Value Measurements and Valuation Methodologies. 
    
  We apply various valuation methodologies to assets and liabilities which often involve a significant degree of judgment, particularly when liquid markets do not exist for the particular items being valued. Quoted market prices are referred to when estimating fair values for certain assets, such as most investment securities. However, for those items for which an observable liquid market does not exist, management utilizes significant estimates and assumptions to value such items. Examples of these items include loans, deposits, borrowings, goodwill, core deposit intangible assets, other assets and liabilities obtained or assumed in business combinations, and certain other financial instruments. These valuations require the use of various assumptions, including, among others, discount rates, rates of return on assets, repayment rates, cash flows, default rates, and liquidation values. The use of different assumptions could produce significantly different results, which could have material positive or negative effects on the Company s results of operations, financial condition or disclosures of fair value information. 
  In addition to valuation, the Company must assess whether there are any declines in value below the carrying value of assets that should be considered other than temporary or otherwise require an adjustment in carrying value and recognition of a loss in the consolidated statement of income. Examples include but are not limited to; loans, investment securities, goodwill, core deposit intangible assets and deferred tax assets, among others. Specific assumptions, estimates and judgments utilized by management are discussed in detail herein in management s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations and in notes 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 8 and 15 of Condensed Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
  Income Taxes. 
  Amounts provided for income tax expenses are based on income reported for financial statement purposes and do not necessarily represent amounts currently payable under tax laws. Deferred income taxes, which arise principally from temporary differences between the amounts reported in the financial statements and the tax basis of certain assets and liabilities, are included in the amounts provided for income taxes. In assessing the realizability of deferred tax assets, management considers whether it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. The ultimate realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon the generation of future taxable income and tax planning strategies which will create taxable income during the periods in which those temporary differences become deductible. Management considers the scheduled reversal of deferred tax liabilities, projected future taxable income, and if necessary, tax planning strategies in making this assessment. 
  The assessment of tax assets and liabilities involves the use of estimates, assumptions, interpretations, and judgments concerning certain accounting pronouncements and application of specific provisions of federal and state tax codes. There can be no assurance that future events, such as court decisions or positions of federal and state taxing authorities, will not differ from management s current assessment, the impact of which could be material to our consolidated results of our operations and reported earnings.  We believe that the deferred tax assets and liabilities are adequate and properly recorded in the accompanying consolidated financial statements. As of   September 30, 2016  , management does not believe a valuation allowance related to the realizability of its deferred tax assets is necessary. 
   
  STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS ANALYSIS 
  2016   compared to   2015    
  Net Interest Income.   Net interest income represents the difference between the dollar amount of interest earned on interest bearing assets and the dollar amount of interest paid on interest bearing liabilities. The interest income and expense of financial institutions are significantly affected by general economic conditions, competition, policies of regulatory authorities and other factors. 
  Interest rate spread and net interest margin are used to measure and explain changes in net interest income. Interest rate spread is the difference between the yield on interest earning assets and the rate paid for interest bearing liabilities that fund  
  
   23 

those assets. Net interest margin is expressed as the percentage of net interest income to average interest earning assets. Net interest margin exceeds interest rate spread because non-interest bearing sources of funds ( net free funds ), principally demand deposits and stockholders  equity, also support interest earning assets. The narrative below discusses net interest income, interest rate spread, and net interest margin. 
  Tax equivalent net interest income was   $20,344   for   2016  , compared to   $18,698   for   2015  .  Interest income on tax exempt securities is computed on a tax equivalent basis.  The net interest margin for   2016   was   3.27%   compared to   3.36%   for   2015  . The 9 bp decrease in net interest margin was mainly attributable to a 9 bp decrease in yield on loans as many loans have repriced or been originated in a  lower interest rate environment. Competitive pricing on new and refinanced loans resulted in loan volume at lower rates, as well as increased refinancing of one to four family loans due to the current low rate environment, both contributed to reduced loan yields in 2016. Partially offsetting the decline in loan yields, was a 5 bp increase in the yield on investment securities. The investment securities yield increased through the purchase of higher yielding non-taxable municipal investment grade securities. 
  The cost of deposits increased slightly in   2016   to   0.88%   from   0.87%   in   2015  . The slight increase reflects a larger balance of certificates of deposit acquired in the CBN acquisition. 
  Competitive pricing on new and refinanced loans resulted in loan volume at lower rates, as well as increased refinancing of one to four family loans due to the current low rate environment, both contributed to reduced loan yields in   2016  . Certain FHLB advances were purchased, with shorter term maturities and lower interest rates than in the previous fiscal year, offset by longer term, higher rate borrowings used to finance the acquisition of CBN and certain deposits from closed branches were replaced with higher rate interest bearing deposits, causing the increase in rates on our interest-bearing liabilities. 
  As shown in the rate/volume analysis table below, positive volume changes resulted in a   $1,987   increase in net interest income in   2016  .  Average loan volume increases were due to commercial real estate and non-real estate loan growth in the current fiscal year over the prior fiscal year, arising from management's strategy to continue to diversify its credit portfolio.  The increase and changes in the composition of interest earning assets resulted in a   $2,215   increase in interest income for   2016  , and a   $569   increase in interest expense due to the composition change in interest bearing liabilities. Rate changes on interest earning assets caused a decrease in interest income by   $309   and increased interest expense by   $32  , for a net impact of a   $341   decrease in net interest income between   2016   and   2015  .   
  Average Balances, Net Interest Income, Yields Earned and Rates Paid.   The following table shows tax equivalent interest income from average interest earning assets, expressed in dollars and yields, and interest expense on average interest bearing liabilities, expressed in dollars and rates. Also presented is the weighted average yield on interest earning assets, rates paid on interest bearing liabilities and the resultant spread at September 30 for each of the last two fiscal years.  Non-accruing loans have been included in the table as loans carrying a zero yield. 
  Average interest earning assets were   $621,571   in   2016   compared to   $556,937   in   2015  . Average loans outstanding increased to   $504,972   in   2016   from   $457,707   in   2015  . Interest income on loans increased   $1,766  , of which   $2,198   related to the increase in average outstanding balances, offset by a reduction in interest income due to lower yields on such loans in the amount of   $432  . 
  Average interest bearing liabilities increased $55,528 in   2016   from their   2015   levels.  The increase in average interest bearing liabilities was primarily due to deposits acquired in the CBN acquisition and borrowings used to facilitate the purchase.  Average interest bearing deposits increased $41,870, or  9.61% to   $477,571   in   2016  . Interest expense on interest bearing deposits increased   $370   during   2016   from the volume and mix changes and increased   $22   from the impact of the rate environment, resulting in an aggregate increase of   $392   in interest expense on interest bearing deposits. 

24 

(1)  For the 12 months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , the average balance of the tax exempt investment securities, included in investment securities, were $29,232 and $15,019 respectively.  The interest income on tax exempt securities is computed on a tax-equivalent basis using a tax rate of 34% for all periods presented. 
  
   25 

Rate/Volume Analysis.   The following table presents the dollar amount of changes in interest income and interest expense for the components of interest earning assets and interest bearing liabilities that are presented in the preceding table. For each category of interest earning assets and interest bearing liabilities, information is provided on changes attributable to: (1) changes in volume, which are changes in the average outstanding balances multiplied by the prior period rate (i.e. holding the initial rate constant); and (2) changes in rate, which are changes in average interest rates multiplied by the prior period volume (i.e. holding the initial balance constant). Changes due to both rate and volume which cannot be segregated have been allocated in proportion to the relationship of the dollar amounts of the change in each. As shown in the rate/volume analysis table below, positive volume changes resulted in a   $1,987   increase in net interest income in 2016.  Average loan volume increases were due largely to the acquisition of CBN.  The increase and changes in the composition of interest earning assets resulted in a   $2,215   increase in interest income for 2016, and a   $569   increase in interest expense due to the acquisition. Rate changes on interest earning assets caused a decrease in interest income by   $309   and increased interest expense by   $32  , for a net impact of a   $341   decrease in net interest income between 2016 and 2015.   

(1) 
    the change in interest due to both rate and volume has been allocated in proportion to the relationship to the dollar amounts of the change in each. 
       
  Provision for Loan Losses.   We determine our provision for loan losses ( provision , or  PLL ) based on our desire to provide an adequate allowance for loan losses ( ALL ) to reflect probable and inherent credit losses in our loan portfolio.  
  Net loan charge-offs for the years ended September 30,   2016   and   2015   were   $503   and   $666  , respectively. Net charge-offs to average loans were   0.10%   for   2016   compared to   0.14%   for   2015  . For   2016  , non-performing loans increased by   $2,350   to   $3,571   from   $1,221   at September 30,   2015  . Refer to the  Risk Management and the Allowance for Loan Losses  section below for more information related to non-performing loans. 
  We recorded provisions for loan losses of   $75   and   $656   for the years ended September 30,   2016   and   2015  , respectively. Management believes that the provision taken for the year ended September 30,   2016   is adequate in view of the present condition of the Bank's loan portfolio and the sufficiency of collateral supporting non-performing loans. We are continually monitoring non-performing loan relationships and will make provisions, as necessary, if the facts and circumstances change. In addition, a decline in the quality of our loan portfolio as a result of general economic conditions, factors affecting particular  
  
   26 

borrowers or our market areas, or other factors could all affect the adequacy of our ALL. If there are significant charge-offs against the ALL, or we otherwise determine that the ALL is inadequate, we will need to record an additional PLL in the future. See Note 1  Nature of Business and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies - Allowance for Loan Losses  to our consolidated financial statements for further analysis of the provision for loan losses. 
  Non-Interest Income  .   The following table reflects the various components of non-interest income for the years ended September 30,   2016   and   2015  , respectively. 

Service charges on deposit accounts decreased $88 during 2016 mainly due to a decrease in electronic banking fee and NSF fee income.  Loan fees and service charges increased $5 during 2016 mainly due to commercial loan origination and servicing fees.  
  Non-Interest Expense.   The following table reflects the various components of non-interest expense for the years ended September 30,   2016   and   2015  , respectively. 

Salaries and related benefits increased due to the addition of personnel related to the CBN acquisition and severance costs associated with branch closures. Occupancy costs, consisting primarily of office rental and depreciation expenses, decreased during the current twelve month period over the same period in the prior year due in part to branch closures. The current year did not reflect a full year of depreciation related to the acquisition of CBN branch facilities. Data processing expenses increased in 2016 due to increased costs associated with converting the CBN system and expenses related to servicing a larger customer base.  The amortization of core deposit expenses increased in 2016 due to the establishment of a core deposit intangible and its related amortization.  Advertising, marketing and public relations expenses increased during 2016 over 2015 due to expenses associated with rebranding the CBN facilities and marketing the CBN customers. Professional services expense increased in the  
  
   27 

current year due to increased use of outside professionals in connection to the acquisition, relative to the prior year.  Other expenses increased in the current twelve month period due to higher insurance costs and contract termination fees as a result of the CBN merger. 
  Income Taxes.   Income tax provision was   $1,286   for the year ended September 30,   2016  , compared to   $1,614   for the year ended September 30,   2015  . The decrease in income tax provision resulted primarily from the decrease in pre-tax income to   $3,859   for the year ended September 30,   2016   compared to pre-tax income of   $4,420   for    2015  .  Our effective tax rate declined from 36.5% at   September 30, 2015   to 33.3% at September 30,   2016   , as a result of additional purchases of tax exempt security investments.  
  See Note 1,  Nature of Business and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies  and Note 15,  Income Taxes  in the accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for a further discussion of income tax accounting. Income tax expense recorded in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Operations involves interpretation and application of certain accounting pronouncements and federal and state tax codes and is, therefore, considered a critical accounting policy. We undergo examination by various taxing authorities. Such taxing authorities may require that changes in the amount of tax expense or the amount of the valuation allowance be recognized when their interpretations differ from those of management, based on their judgments about information available to them at the time of their examinations. 
   
  BALANCE SHEET ANALYSIS 
  Loans.   Total loans outstanding, net of deferred loan fees and costs, increased to   $574,439   at   September 30, 2016  , a   27.51%   increase from their balance of   $450,510   at September 30,   2015  .  The following table reflects the composition, or mix, of our loan portfolio at September 30, for the last five completed fiscal years: 

At   September 30, 2016  , real estate loans increased $96,119 or 39.3% from their balance at September 30,   2015   with the largest portion of the increase represented by commercial/agricultural real estate loans which increased $89,588.  Residential real estate loans increased $6,533 to $187,738 at September 30, 2016. A substantial portion of the increase in real estate loans was related to the acquisition of CBN.  Non-real estate loans increased $30,049, or 14.8% from September 30, 2015 to September 30, 2016.  Consumer non-real estate loans totaled $188,009 at September 30, 2016, or a decrease of $5,591 from the prior year end. Beginning in the fiscal fourth quarter the company ceased originating loan volume through its indirect dealer network. Commercial non-real estate loans increased $35,638 to $45,648 from $10,010 one year earlier.  The change in composition of the loan portfolio over the past year reflects the impact of the CBN acquisition and a termination of the origination of indirect consumer loan products.   
  
   28 

The following table sets forth, for our last five fiscal years, fixed and adjustable rate loans in our loan portfolio: 

The Bank offers loans with fixed and adjustable interest rates.  At September 30, 2016, fixed rate loans were $478,929 while adjustable rate loans were $95,319.  Though the balance of fixed rate loans increased due to the CBN acquisition, fixed rate loans declined to 83.4% of gross loans in 2016 compared to 94.2% in 2015.  Consumer non-real estate loans represent the largest balance of fixed rate loans at $188,009 at September 30, 2016 followed by residential real estate loans at $173,051, commercial/agricultural real estate loans at $92,030 and commercial/agricultural non-real estate loans at $25,839.  Residential real estate loans consist mainly of fixed-rate conventional home mortgages and home equity loans. 
    
  Adjustable rate loans increased $71,413 from $23,906 to $95,319 at September 30, 2016 with the increase due largely to acquired loans through the CBN acquisition. The largest component of the adjustable rate loan portfolio was represented by commercial/agricultural real estate loans at $60,823 at September 30, 2016.  

29 

Our loan portfolio is diversified by types of borrowers and industry groups within the market areas that we serve. Significant loan concentrations are considered to exist for a financial entity when the amounts of loans to multiple borrowers engaged in similar activities cause them to be similarly impacted by economic or other conditions. We have identified certain loan types within our loan portfolio, including one to four family real estate loans and consumer loans secured by recreational collateral that represent concentrations in our portfolio.  At September 30, 2016, one to four family real estate loans totaled $187,738 or 32.7% of total loans, compared to $181,206 or 40.2% at September 30, 2015.  At September 30, 2016, consumer loans secured by recreational collateral totaled $108,253 or 18.9% of total loans, compared to $116,895 or 25.9% of total loans at September 30, 2015. The Bank has ceased originating indirect consumer loans, and therefore will be decreasing its investment in this asset class. 
    
  In order to limit exposure to interest rate risk, we have developed strategies to shorten the average maturity of our fixed rate loan portfolio by originating shorter term loans, offering new adjustable rate loan products and arranging loan sales of longer term fixed rate loans.  
    
  Loan amounts and their contractual maturities for the years presented are as follows: 

(1) 
    Includes loans having no stated maturity and overdraft loans. 
     We believe that the critical factors in the overall management of credit or loan quality are sound loan underwriting and administration, systematic monitoring of existing loans and commitments, effective loan review on an ongoing basis, recording an adequate allowance to provide for incurred loan losses, and reasonable non-accrual and charge-off policies. 
  Risk Management and the Allowance for Loan Losses.   The loan portfolio is our primary asset subject to credit risk. To address this credit risk, we maintain an ALL for probable and inherent credit losses through periodic charges to our earnings. These charges are shown in our accompanying Consolidated Statements of Operations as Provision for Loan Losses. See  Provision for Loan Losses  above. We attempt to control, monitor and minimize credit risk through the use of prudent lending standards, a thorough review of potential borrowers prior to lending and ongoing and timely review of payment performance. Asset quality administration, including early identification of loans performing in a substandard manner, as well as timely and active resolution of problems, further enhances management of credit risk and minimization of loan losses. Any losses that occur and that are charged off against the ALL are periodically reviewed with specific efforts focused on achieving maximum recovery of both principal and interest on the affected loan. 
  At least quarterly, we review the adequacy of the ALL. Based on an estimate computed pursuant to the requirements of ASC 450-10,    Accounting for Contingencies    and ASC 310-10,    Accounting by Creditors for Impairment of a Loan   , the analysis of the ALL consists of three components: (i) specific credit allocation established for expected losses relating to specific impaired loans for which the recorded investment in the loan exceeds its fair value; (ii) general portfolio allocation based on historical loan loss experience for significant loan categories; and (iii) general portfolio allocation based on qualitative factors such as economic conditions and other relevant factors specific to the markets in which we operate. We continue to refine our ALL methodology by introducing a greater level of granularity to our loan portfolio. We currently segregate loans into pools based on common risk characteristics for purposes of determining the ALL. The additional segmentation of the portfolio is intended to provide a more effective basis for the determination of qualitative factors affecting our ALL. In  
  
   30 

addition, management continually evaluates our ALL methodology to assess whether modifications in our methodology are appropriate in light of underwriting practices, market conditions, identifiable trends, regulatory pronouncements or other factors. We believe that any modifications or changes to the ALL methodology would be to enhance the accuracy of the ALL. However, any such modifications could result in materially different ALL levels in future periods. 
    
  Changes in the ALL by loan portfolio segment for the years presented were as follows: 

The specific credit allocation for the ALL is based on a regular analysis of all originated loans that are considered impaired. In compliance with ASC 310-10, the fair value of the loan is determined based on either the present value of expected cash flows discounted at the loan s effective interest rate, the market price of the loan, or, if the loan is collateral dependent, the fair value of the underlying collateral less the expected cost of sale for such collateral.  At   September 30, 2016  , we had 109 such impaired loans, all secured by real estate or personal property with an aggregate recorded investment of $5,397  See Note 5,  Loans, Allowance for Loan Losses and Impaired Loans  of our accompanying consolidated financial statements for information on what we consider to be impaired loans. The total for the 42 such individual loans where estimated fair value was less than their book value (i.e. we deemed impairment to exist) was $2,412 for which $605 in specific ALL was recorded as of   September 30, 2016  .  
    At   September 30, 2016  , there were 56 individual substandard loans, not considered TDRs, with an aggregate recorded investment of $1,664.  The total for the 19 such individual loans where estimated fair value was less than their book value (i.e. we deemed impairment to exist) was $297 for which $59 in specific ALL was recorded as of   September 30, 2016  . 

31 

At   September 30, 2016  , the allowance for loan losses was   $6,068  , or   1.06%   of our total loan portfolio, compared to an allowance for loan losses of   $6,496  , or   1.44%   of the total loan portfolio at September 30,   2015  . This level was based on our analysis of the loan portfolio risk at each of   September 30, 2016   and   September 30, 2015  , as discussed above.  At   September 30, 2016  , the ALL was 1.44% of our total loan portfolio, excluding the third party purchased consumer loans referenced elsewhere herein, compared to 1.58% of the total loan portfolio excluding these third party purchased consumer loans at   September 30, 2015  . We have established a separate restricted reserve account for these third party purchased consumer loans.  The funds in the reserve account are to be released to compensate the Bank for any nonperforming purchased loans that are not purchased back by the seller of such loans or substituted with performing loans and are ultimately charged off by the Bank. 
    
  The Bank increased its commercial and agricultural loan portfolios from last year as part of its strategic plan.  The increased loan volume and introduction of new loan products carries an elevated level of risk as the Bank doesn't have a long history in these business lines.  However, we believe our current ALL is adequate to cover probable losses in our current loan portfolio. 
  All of the nine factors identified in the FFIEC's Interagency Policy Statement on the Allowance for Loan and Lease Losses are taken into account in determining the ALL.  The impact of the factors in general categories are subject to change; thus the allocations are management s estimate of the loan loss categories in which the probable and inherent loss has occurred as of the date of our assessment. Of the nine factors, we believe the following have the greatest impact on our customers  ability to repay loans and our ability to recover potential losses through collateral sales: (1) lending policies and procedures; (2) economic and business conditions; and (3) the value of the underlying collateral.  As loan balances and estimated losses in a particular loan type decrease or increase and as the factors and resulting allocations are monitored by management, changes in the risk profile of the various parts of the loan portfolio may be reflected in the allocated allowance. The general component of our ALL covers non-impaired loans and is based on historical loss experience adjusted for these and other qualitative factors. In addition, management continues to refine the ALL estimation process as new information becomes available. These refinements could also cause increases or decreases in the ALL. The unallocated portion of the ALL is intended to account for imprecision in the estimation process or relevant current information that may not have been considered in the process. 

32 

The following table identifies the various components of non-performing assets as of the dates indicated below: 

(1)  Total loans at   September 30, 2016   included $49,221 in purchased indirect paper consumer loans purchased from a third party.  See Note 5 in the accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements regarding the separate restricted reserve account established for these purchased consumer loans. 
    
  Loans 90 days or more past due decreased slightly during the year ended   September 30, 2016   compared to the comparable prior year period, which management believes is indicative of stabilization of the loan portfolio with seasonal fluctuation, expected quarterly.  Nonaccrual loans increased from $748 to $3,191 in 2016, primarily due to loans acquired in the CBN acquisition. We believe our credit and underwriting policies continue to support more effective lending decisions by the  
  
   33 

Bank, which increases the likelihood of maintaining loan quality going forward.  Moreover, we believe the favorable trends noted in previous quarters regarding our nonperforming loans and nonperforming assets reflect our continued adherence to improved underwriting criteria and practices along with improvements in macroeconomic factors in our credit markets.  
    
  For fiscal   2016  , net loan charge-offs declined to $503 from $666 one year earlier.  The majority of the charge-offs were consumer non-real estate loans as were the majority of the loan recoveries.  Due to the improved credit quality of originated loans throughout the year, Management believes lower reserves were needed in 2016.  In the third quarter, the Bank completed the acquisition of CBN which resulted in a higher level of non-performing assets.  However, the assets were recorded at fair market value which lessened the need for additional reserves on the acquired assets as of   September 30, 2016  .  Certain external factors may result in higher future losses but are not readily determinable at this time, including, but not limited to: unemployment rates, increased taxes and continuing increased regulatory expectations with respect to ALL levels. As a result, our analysis may show a need to increase our ALL as a percentage of total loans and nonperforming loans for the near future. Loans charged-off are subject to periodic review and specific efforts are taken to achieve maximum recovery of principal, accrued interest and related expenses on the loans charged off. 
  Nonperforming Loans, Potential Problem Loans and Foreclosed Properties.   We employ early identification of non-accrual and problem loans in order to minimize the risk of loss. Non-performing loans are defined as either 90 days or more past due or non-accrual. The accrual of interest income is discontinued according to the following schedules: 
             
    Commercial/agricultural real estate loans, past due   90 days   or more; 
                
    Commercial/agricultural non-real estate loans past due   90 days   or more; 
                
    Closed ended consumer non-real estate loans past due   120 days   or more; and 
                
    Residential real estate loans and open ended consumer non-real estate loans past due   180 days   or more. 
     When interest accruals are discontinued, interest credited to income is reversed. If collection is in doubt, cash receipts on non-accrual loans are used to reduce principal rather than recorded as interest income. Restructuring a loan typically involves the granting of some concession to the borrower involving a loan modification, such as modifying the payment schedule or making interest rate changes. Restructured loans may involve loans that have had a charge-off taken against the loan to reduce the carrying amount of the loan to fair market value as determined pursuant to ASC 310-10. Restructured loans that comply with the restructured terms are considered performing loans. 
  Non-performing loans increased $2,350 during the year ended   September 30, 2016   from their balances at   2015   fiscal year end. The increase related mostly to new assets acquired in the CBN transaction which were recorded at fair market value at the time of the acquisition, totaled $1,749. These non-performing loan relationships are secured primarily by collateral including residential real estate or the consumer assets financed by the loans. 
  Non-performing assets include non-performing loans, other real estate owned and other collateral owned.  Our non-performing assets were   $4,348   at   September 30, 2016  , or   0.62%   of total assets.  This represented an increase from   $2,123  , or   0.37%   of total assets, at September 30,   2015  .  The increase since September 30,   2015   was primarily due to an increase in non-performing loans acquired with CBN that were recorded at fair market value at the time of the acquisition. 
  Other real estate owned and other collateral owned is comprised of foreclosed collateral assets held by the Bank until sold.  Other real estate owned (OREO) decreased by $114 and other collateral owned decreased by $12 during the year ended September 30,   2016   from their balances as of September 30,   2015  .  We continue to aggressively liquidate our OREO and other collateral owned as part of our overall credit risk strategy. 
  Investment Securities.   We manage our securities portfolio in an effort to improve interest rate risk, enhance income, and provide liquidity.   Our investment portfolio is comprised of securities available for sale and securities held to maturity. 
  Securities held to maturity (recorded at amortized cost) were   $6,669   at   September 30, 2016  , compared with   $8,012   at September 30,   2015  .  Securities available for sale (recorded at fair value), which represent the majority of our investment portfolio, were   $80,123   at   September 30, 2016  , compared with   $79,921   at   September 30, 2015  .  

34 

The amortized cost and market values of our investment securities by asset categories as of the dates indicated below were as follows: 

The amortized cost and fair values of our investment securities by maturity, as of   September 30, 2016   were as follows:   

35 

The following tables show the fair value and gross unrealized losses of securities with unrealized losses at September 30,   2016   and   2015  , respectively, aggregated by investment category and length of time that the individual securities have been in a continuous unrealized loss position: 

Less than 12 Months 
      
    12 Months or More 
      
    Total 
      Held to maturity securities 
      
    Fair 
  Value 
      
    Unrealized 
  Losses 
      
    Fair 
  Value 
      
    Unrealized 
  Losses 
      
    Fair 
  Value 
      
    Unrealized 
  Losses 
      September 30, 2016: 

Obligations of states and political subdivisions 
      
    $ 

$ 

$ 

$ 

$ 

$ 

Mortgage-backed securities 

Total held to maturity securities 
      
    $ 

$ 

$ 

$ 

$ 

$ 

September 30, 2015: 

Obligations of states and political subdivisions 
      
    $ 
    904 

$ 
    4 

$ 

$ 

$ 
    904 

$ 
    4 
      
      Mortgage-backed securities 

Total held to maturity securities 
      
    $ 
    904 

$ 
    4 

$ 

$ 

$ 
    904 

$ 
    4 

Unrealized losses reflected in the preceding tables have not been included in results of operations because the unrealized loss was not deemed other-than-temporary. Management has determined that more likely than not, the Company neither intends to sell, nor will it be required to sell each debt security before its anticipated recovery, and therefore recovery of cost will occur. 

36 

The composition of our investment securities portfolio by credit rating as of the periods indicated below was as follows: 

At   September 30, 2016  , the Bank has pledged certain of its U.S. Government Agency securities with a carrying value of $2,685 as collateral against a borrowing line of credit with the Federal Reserve Bank. However, as of   September 30, 2016  , there were no borrowings outstanding on this Federal Reserve Bank line of credit. As of   September 30, 2016  , the Bank has pledged certain of its U.S. Government Agency securities with a carrying value of $6,163 and mortgage-backed securities with a carrying value of $20,856 as collateral against specific municipal deposits. 
  Intangible Assets.   We have other intangibles of   $872  , comprised of core deposit intangible assets arising from various acquisitions from 2002 through 2016. Amortization expense, calculated on a straight line basis, was   $111   and   $57   for the years ended September 30,   2016   and   2015  , respectively. Annually, we assess the reasonableness of the remaining useful life assumptions assigned to each core deposit intangible asset. No changes were made during   2016   in the remaining useful lives of our core deposit intangibles, which originally ranged from approximately 7 to 15 years. 
  Deposits.   Deposits are our largest source of funds. Average total deposits for   2016   were   $477,571  , an increase of 9.61% from the level of average total deposits for   2015  . Total deposits increased to   $557,677   at September 30,   2016  , from   $456,298   at September 30,   2015  , due primarily to deposits acquired in the CBN transaction totaling $151,020 and deposits purchased from Central Bank in Rice Lake and Barron, Wisconsin totaling $27,131, partially offset by deposit runoff in the markets where branch closures took place and a reduction in checking balances from Insider accounts related to the CBN acquisition.  As of   September 30, 2016  , the balance in the municipal money market accounts was approximately $32,016 and the balance in municipal certificate of deposit accounts was approximately $16,051. 
   Our objective is to grow core deposits and build customer relationships with convenience, customer service, and by expanding our deposit product offerings with competitive pricing. Management expects to continue to place emphasis on both retaining and generating additional core deposits in 2017 through competitive pricing of deposit products and through the branch delivery systems that we have already established, as well as through online and mobile banking options.  We anticipate CD and money market deposits from our closed branches to continue running off over time as we have experienced in the past.   

37 

Institutional certificates of deposit as a funding source decreased $9,277 from their balance as of September 30,   2015  . Institutional certificates of deposit remain an important part of our deposit mix, as we continue to pursue funding sources to lower the Bank's cost of funds.   
    
  Brokered deposits were $5,003 and $22,773 at September 30,   2016   and September 30,   2015  .  Brokered deposit levels are within all regulatory directives thereon. 
  Federal Home Loan Bank (FHLB) advances and other borrowings.   FHLB advances were   $59,291   and   $58,891   at September 30,   2016   and September 30,   2015  , respectively, as we continue to utilize these advances, as necessary, to supplement core deposits to meet our funding and liquidity needs, and as we evaluate all options to lower the Bank's cost of funds.  On May 16, 2016, we entered into a Loan Agreement with First Tennessee Bank National Association ("FTB") evidencing an $11,000 term loan maturing on May 15, 2021.  The proceeds from the Loan were used by the Company for the sole purpose of financing the acquisition, by merger, of CBN.  On September 30, 2016, we amended and restated the loan Agreement with FTB whereby FTB extended a $3,000 revolving line of credit to the Company for the purpose of financing the previously announced stock repurchase program, pursuant to which the Company may purchase up to 525,200 shares of its common stock, or approximately 10 percent of the outstanding shares from time to time through October 1, 2017.  At   September 30, 2016  , the available and unused portion of this borrowing arrangement was $3,000.  The Company has pledged 100% of Bank stock as collateral for the FTB loan and credit facilities.  
  Stockholders  Equity.   Total stockholders  equity was   $64,544   at September 30,   2016  , versus   $61,453   at September 30,   2015  . The increase resulted primarily from net income of   $2,573   for the year ended September 30,   2016  .  
  Liquidity and Asset / Liability Management.   Liquidity management refers to our ability to ensure cash is available in a timely manner to meet loan demand and depositors  needs, and meet other financial obligations as they become due without undue cost, risk or disruption to normal operating activities. We manage and monitor our short-term and long-term liquidity positions and needs through a regular review of maturity profiles, funding sources, and loan and deposit forecasts to minimize funding risk. A key metric we monitor is our liquidity ratio, calculated as cash and investments with maturities less than one-year divided by deposits with maturities less than or equal to one-year. At September 30,   2016  , our liquidity ratio was 6.25 percent, which was below our targeted liquidity ratio of 10 percent.  We view this as acceptable given our access to lines of credit totaling $115,500 as explained below. 
  Our primary sources of funds are: deposits; amortization, prepayments and maturities of outstanding loans; other short-term investments; and funds provided from operations. We use our sources of funds primarily to meet ongoing commitments, to pay maturing certificates of deposit and savings withdrawals, and to fund loan commitments. While scheduled payments from the amortization of loans and maturing short-term investments are relatively predictable sources of funds, deposit flows and loan prepayments are greatly influenced by general interest rates, economic conditions and competition. Although   $141,397   of our   $273,948   (51.6%) CD portfolio will mature within the next 12 months, we have historically retained a majority of our maturing CD s. However, due to strategic pricing decisions regarding rate matching and branch closures, our retention rate may decrease in the future. Through new deposit product offerings to our branch and commercial customers, we are currently attempting to strengthen customer relationships to attract additional non-rate sensitive deposits. In our present interest rate environment, and based on maturing yields, this should also improve our cost of funds.  
  We maintain access to additional sources of funds including FHLB borrowings and lines of credit with the Federal Reserve Bank, US Bank, First Tennessee Bank, NA and Bankers  Bank. We utilize FHLB borrowings to leverage our capital base, to provide funds for our lending and investment activities, and to manage our interest rate risk. Our borrowing arrangement with the FHLB calls for pledging certain qualified real estate loans, and borrowing up to 75% of the value of those loans, not to exceed 35% of the Bank s total assets. Currently, we have approximately $90,500 available under this arrangement. We also maintain lines of credit of $3,500 with the Federal Reserve Bank, $5,000 with US Bank, $3,000 with First Tennessee Bank, NA and $13,500 with Bankers  Bank as part of our contingency funding plan. 
    
  In reviewing our adequacy of liquidity, we review and evaluate historical financial information, including information regarding general economic conditions, current ratios, management goals and the resources available to meet our anticipated liquidity needs. Management believes that our liquidity is adequate and, to management s knowledge, there are no known events or uncertainties that will result or are likely to reasonably result in a material increase or decrease in our liquidity. 
  Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements  .  In the ordinary course of business, the Bank has entered into off-balance sheet financial instruments, issued to meet customer financial needs.  Such financial instruments are recorded in the financial statements when they become payable.  These instruments include unused commitments for lines of credit, overdraft protection lines of credit and home equity lines of credit, as well as commitments to extend credit. As of September 30,   2016  , the  
  
   38 

Company had approximately   $28,476   in unused commitments, compared to approximately   $24,097   in unused commitments as of September 30,   2015  .  See Note 12 "Financial Instruments with Off-Balance Sheet Risk" for further detail. 
  Capital Resources.   As of September 30,   2016  , our Tier 1 and Risk-based capital levels exceeded levels necessary to be considered  Well Capitalized  under Prompt Corrective Action provisions for both the Bank and at the Company level.   
  Below are the amounts and ratios for our capital levels as of the dates noted below for the Bank. 

At   September 30, 2016  , the Bank was categorized as "Well Capitalized" under Prompt Corrective Action Provisions, as determined by the OCC, our primary regulator.   

39 

Below are the amounts and ratios for our capital levels as of the dates noted below for the Company. 

At   September 30, 2016  , the Company was categorized as "Well Capitalized" under Prompt Corrective Action Provisions. 

40 

Selected Quarterly Financial Data 
  The following is selected financial data summarizing the results of operations, as restated, for each quarter in the years 
  ended September 30, 2015 and 2016.  Management determined that certain professional and other expense accrual items were overstated during the fiscal years ended September 30, 2014 and 2015 resulting in understatement of the Company's net income for the quarterly and annual periods ended September 30, 2014 and 2015.  During the fiscal year ended September 30, 2016, management reversed these overstated accrued expenses which resulted in an overstatement of quarterly and annual net income for the year ended September 30, 2016. The effect of these restatements on the Company's 2015 and 2016 quarterly consolidated statements of operations, as reported on Forms 10-Q, are as follows:  total non-interest expense decreased by $60 for the quarter ended September 30, 2015; and decreased by $85 for each of the quarters ended June 30, 2015; March 31, 2015 and December 31, 2014. Net income increased by $36 for the quarter ended September 30, 2015; and increased by $52 for each of the quarters ended June 30, 2015; March 31, 2015 and December 31, 2014. Total non-interest expense increased by $151, $43, and $21 for the quarters ended June 30, 2016; March 31, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively. Net income decreased by $92, $26, and $13 for the quarters ended June 30, 2016; March 31, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively.  The effects of the restatements on the Company s balance sheets and statements of cash flows for the Restated Periods were not material.  See Note 2, Restatement of Previously Issued Financial Statements, to Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8 for a discussion of the review and effect of the restatement. 
    
  Year ended September 30,   2016  :    

Year ended September 30,   2015  : 

41 

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
  Our Risk When Interest Rates Change  . The rates of interest we earn on assets and pay on liabilities generally are established contractually for a period of time. Market interest rates change over time and are not predictable or controllable. Accordingly, our results of operations, like those of other financial institutions, are impacted by changes in interest rates and the interest rate sensitivity of our assets and liabilities. Like other financial institutions, our interest income and interest expense are affected by general economic conditions and policies of regulatory authorities, including the monetary policies of the Federal Reserve.  The risk associated with changes in interest rates and our ability to adapt to these changes is known as interest rate risk and is our most significant market risk. 
  How We Measure Our Risk of Interest Rate Changes  . As part of our attempt to manage our exposure to changes in interest rates and comply with applicable regulations, we monitor our interest rate risk through several means including through the use of third party reporting software. In monitoring interest rate risk we continually analyze and manage assets and liabilities based on their payment streams and interest rates, the timing of their maturities, and their sensitivity to actual or potential changes in market interest rates. 
  In order to manage the potential for adverse effects of material and prolonged increases in interest rates on our results of operations, we adopted asset and liability management policies to better align the maturities and re-pricing terms of our interest earning assets and interest bearing liabilities. These policies are implemented by our Asset and Liability Management Committee (ALCO). The ALCO is comprised of members of the Bank's senior management and Board of Directors. The ALCO establishes guidelines for and monitors the volume and mix of our assets and funding sources, taking into account relative costs and spreads, interest rate sensitivity and liquidity needs. The Committee s objectives are to manage assets and funding sources to produce results that are consistent with liquidity, cash flow, capital adequacy, growth, risk and profitability goals for the Bank. The ALCO meets on a regularly scheduled basis to review, among other things, economic conditions and interest rate outlook, current and projected liquidity needs and capital position, anticipated changes in the volume and mix of assets and liabilities and interest rate risk exposure limits versus current projections pursuant to net present value of portfolio equity analysis. At each meeting, the Committee recommends strategy changes, as appropriate, based on this review. The Committee is responsible for reviewing and reporting on the effects of the policy implementations and strategies to the Bank s Board of Directors on a regularly scheduled basis. 
  In order to manage our assets and liabilities and achieve desired levels of liquidity, credit quality, cash flow, interest rate risk, profitability and capital targets, we have focused our strategies on: 
             
    originating shorter-term secured consumer, commercial and agriculture loan maturities; 
                
    originating variable rate commercial and agriculture loans; 
                
    managing our funding needs by utilizing core deposits, institutional certificates of deposits and borrowings as appropriate to extend terms and lock in fixed interest rates; 
                
    reducing non-interest expense and managing our efficiency ratio by implementing technologies to enhance customer service and increase employee productivity; 
                
    realigning supervision and control of our branch network by modifying their configuration, staffing, locations and reporting structure to focus resources on our most productive markets; 
                
    managing our exposure to changes in interest rates, including, but not limited to the sale of longer term fixed rate consumer loans.  During our fiscal 2015 first and fourth quarters, fixed rate residential mortgage loans were sold in the amount of $8,095 and $8,745, respectively.  Additional loan sales may occur in the future if the analysis proves advantageous to the Bank; and 
                
    originating balloon mortgage loans with a term of 7 years or less to minimize the impact of sudden rate changes. 
     At times, depending on the level of general interest rates, the relationship between long- and short-term interest rates, market conditions and competitive factors, the ALCO may determine to increase the Bank s interest rate risk position somewhat in order to maintain or improve its net interest margin. 
  The following table sets forth, at   September 30, 2016   (the most recent date available), an analysis of our interest rate risk as measured by the estimated changes in Economic Value of Equity (EVE) resulting from an immediate and permanent shift in the yield curve (up 300 basis points and down 100 basis points). As of   September 30, 2016  , due to the current level of interest rates, EVE estimates for decreases in interest rates greater than 100 basis points are not meaningful. 
  
   42 

(1) 
    Assumes an immediate and parallel shift in the yield curve at all maturities. 
       
  The following table sets forth, at September 30,   2015  , an analysis of our interest rate risk as measured by the estimated changes in Economic Value of Equity (EVE) resulting from an immediate and permanent shift in the yield curve (up 300 basis points and down 100 basis points).  

(1)    Assumes an immediate and parallel shift in the yield curve at all maturities. 
  Our overall interest rate sensitivity is demonstrated by net interest income shock analysis which measures the change in net interest income in the event of hypothetical changes in interest rates.  This analysis assesses the risk of change in our net interest income over the next 12 months in the event of an immediate and parallel shift in the yield curve (up 300 basis points and down 100 basis points).  The table below presents our projected change in net interest income for the various rate shock levels at   September 30, 2016   (the most recent date available) and September 30,   2015  . 

(1) 
    Assumes an immediate and parallel shift in the yield curve at all maturities. 
     Note: The table above may not be indicative of future results. 
  The assumptions used to measure and assess interest rate risk include interest rates, loan prepayment rates, deposit decay (runoff) rates, and the market values of certain assets under differing interest rate scenarios.  Actual values may differ from those projections set forth above should market conditions vary from the assumptions used in preparing the analysis.  Further, the computations do not contemplate any actions we may undertake in response to changes in interest rates.  

43 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
  REPORT BY CITIZENS COMMUNITY BANCORP, INC. S MANAGEMENT ON INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING 
  Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining an effective system of internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. The Company s system of internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance to the Company s management and board of directors regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with GAAP and includes those policies and procedures that pertain to identifying accrued expenses and the maintenance of records in accordance with GAAP. 
  Under the supervision of the Audit Committee and with the participation of management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, the Company conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting based on the criteria in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission ( COSO ). Based upon that evaluation, management concluded that such controls and procedures were ineffective as of September 30, 2016 as evidenced by the material weakness described below, principally related to the Company s period-end financial reporting and consolidation processes. 
  Application of Accounting for Accrued Expenses. 
  The Company did not have effective controls to ensure the completeness, accuracy and proper classification of certain expenses 
  and related accrued liabilities. Management discovered errors in recording certain expense accruals in its unaudited interim and 
  audited annual financial statements for the fiscal years ended September 30, 2014 and 2015 and the unaudited interim financial 
  statements for the quarterly periods during the fiscal year ended September 30, 2016, which were accounted for in non-interest 
  expense on the Company s consolidated statements of operations. Management determined professional 
  expenses were overestimated for the fiscal years ended September 30, 2014 and 2015 and underestimated for the quarterly 
  periods of the fiscal year ended September 30, 2016. 
  This material weakness resulted in the misstatement and audit adjustments of financial statement line items and related financial disclosures, as disclosed in Note 2, Restatement of Previously Issued Financial Statements, to our consolidated financial statements. As a result of the material weakness in internal control over financial reporting described above, management concluded that the Company s internal control over financial reporting was not effective as of September 30, 2016 based on the criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by COSO.  
  Remediation of the Material Weakness in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
  We have begun to remediate the material weakness described above, including assessing the need for additional remediation 
  steps and implementing additional measures to remediate the underlying causes that gave rise to the material weakness. 
  The following remediation steps are among the measures currently being implemented at the time of this filing by management: 
             
    the addition of experienced accounting staff; 
                
    a thorough review of the finance and accounting departments to ensure that the areas of responsibilities are properly 
     matched to the staff competencies and that the lines of communication and processes are as effective as possible; 
             
    a thorough review of the processes and procedures used in the Company s accounting; and 
                
    development of a standardized method for the review, approval, and tracking of accrued expenses. 
     The audit committee has directed management to develop a plan and timetable for the implementation of the foregoing remedial measures and will monitor their implementation. 
  Management believes the measures described above will remediate the control deficiencies the Company has identified and 
  strengthen its internal control over financial reporting. Management is committed to continuous improvement of the Company s internal control processes and will continue to diligently review the Company s financial reporting controls and procedures. As management continues to evaluate and work to improve internal control over financial reporting, the Company may determine to take additional measures to address control deficiencies or determine to modify certain of the remediation measures described above. 
    
  CITIZENS COMMUNITY BANCORP, INC. 
  December 29, 2016    

44 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To the Shareholders, Audit Committee and Board of Directors 
  Citizens Community Bancorp, Inc. and Subsidiary 
  Eau Claire, WI 
    
  We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Citizens Community Bancorp, Inc. and Subsidiary (the "Company") as of September 30, 2016 and 2015, and the related consolidated statements of operations, other comprehensive income, changes in stockholders  equity and cash flows for the years then ended. These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated financial statements based on our audits. 
    
  We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. Our audits included consideration of its internal control over financial reporting as a basis for designing audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management as well as evaluating the overall consolidated financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.  
    
  In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of Citizens Community Bancorp, Inc. and Subsidiary as of September 30, 2016 and 2015 and the results of their operations and their cash flows for the years then ended in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
    
  As discussed in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company has restated its 2014 and 2015 financial statements to correct errors. 
    
  As further described in Note 3 to the consolidated financial statements, on May 16, 2016, the Company completed a business combination with Community Bank of Northern Wisconsin. 

/s/ Baker Tilly Virchow Krause, LLP 
    
  Minneapolis, Minnesota 
  December 29, 2016    

45 

CITIZENS COMMUNITY BANCORP, INC. 
  Consolidated Balance Sheets 
  September 30, 2016   and   September 30, 2015   (As Restated) 
  (in thousands, except share data) 

See accompanying notes to audited consolidated financial statements. 

46 

CITIZENS COMMUNITY BANCORP, INC. 
  Consolidated Statements of Operations 
  Years Ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015   (As Restated) 
  (in thousands, except per share data) 

See accompanying notes to audited consolidated financial statements. 

47 

CITIZENS COMMUNITY BANCORP, INC. 
  Consolidated Statements of Other Comprehensive Income 
  Years ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015   (As Restated) 
  (in thousands, except per share data) 

See accompanying notes to audited consolidated financial statements. 

48 

CITIZENS COMMUNITY BANCORP, INC. 
  Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders  Equity 
  Years Ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015 
  (in thousands, except Shares) 

(1)  The opening balance of retained earnings was adjusted by   $726   thousand for a material correction of prior period errors.  Refer to Note 2, "Restatement of Previously Issued Financial Statements" 
  See accompanying notes to audited consolidated financial statements. 
  
   49 

CITIZENS COMMUNITY BANCORP, INC. 
  Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
  Years Ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015   (As Restated) 
  (in thousands, except per share data) 

50 

See accompanying notes to audited consolidated financial statements.  
  
   51 

CITIZENS COMMUNITY BANCORP, INC. 
  CONDENSED NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
  (Dollars in thousands, except share data) 
   
   NOTE 1   NATURE OF BUSINESS AND SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES 
  The financial statements of Citizens Community Federal N.A. (the  Bank ) included herein have been included by its parent company, Citizens Community Bancorp, Inc. (the  Company ) pursuant to the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ).    As used in this annual report, the terms  we ,  us ,  our , and  Citizens Community Bancorp, Inc.  mean the Company and its wholly owned subsidiary, the Bank, unless the context indicates other meaning. 
  On April 16, 2014, the U.S. Office of the Comptroller of the Currency (the "OCC"), the primary federal regulator for 
  the Company and the Bank, provided written notice to the Bank of the OCC's approval for the Bank to convert to a national banking association (a "National Bank") and operate under the title of Citizens Community Federal National Association ("Citizens Community Federal N.A."). The consummation of the conversion to a National Bank was effective as of May 31, 2014. 
  On April 18, 2014, Citizens Community Bancorp, Inc. received written notice from the Federal Reserve Bank of 
  Minneapolis (the "FRB") notifying the Company of the FRB's approval of the Company becoming a bank holding company as 
  a result of the conversion of the Bank from a federally-chartered savings bank to a National Bank, which approval 
  was also effective as of May 31, 2014. 
  The consolidated income of the Company is principally derived from the income of the Bank, the Company s wholly owned subsidiary. The Bank originates residential, commercial, agricultural, consumer and commercial and industrial (C I) loans and accepts deposits from customers, primarily in Wisconsin, Minnesota and Michigan. The Bank operates   20   full-service offices;   thirteen   stand-alone locations and   7   in-store branches.  
   In August 2016, we announced the closing of   four   in-store branches located in Eastern Wisconsin, effective November 2016.  We incurred accelerated depreciation costs totaling   $89   and additional salaries and related benefits costs totaling   $56   related to these branch closures as of September 30, 2016.  We intend to continue to review our branch network to deploy assets and capital in growth markets and exit markets where we believe have limited growth opportunities.  Through all of our branch locations in Wisconsin, Minnesota and Michigan, we provide a variety of commercial and consumer banking products and services to customers, including online and mobile banking options. 
  The Bank is subject to competition from other financial institutions and non-financial institutions providing financial products. Additionally, the Bank is subject to the regulations of certain regulatory agencies and undergoes periodic examination by those regulatory agencies. 
  In preparing these consolidated financial statements, we evaluated the events and transactions occurring subsequent to  the balance sheet date of   September 30, 2016   through the date on which the consolidated financial statements were available to be issued for items that should potentially be recognized or disclosed in these consolidated financial statements. As of   December 16, 2016  , there were no subsequent events which required recognition or disclosure. 
  Unless otherwise stated, all monetary amounts in these Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, other than share, per share and capital ratio amounts, are stated in thousands. 
  Principles of Consolidation     The accompanying consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company and its wholly-owned subsidiary, Citizens Community Federal N.A. All significant inter-company accounts and transactions have been eliminated. 
  Use of Estimates   Preparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ( U.S. GAAP ) requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the consolidated financial statements and accompanying disclosures. These estimates are based on management s best knowledge of current events and actions the Company may undertake in the future. Estimates are used in accounting for, among other items, fair value of financial instruments, the allowance for loan losses, foreclosed and repossessed assets, valuation of acquired intangible assets, useful lives for depreciation and amortization, indefinite-lived intangible assets and long-lived assets, stock based compensation, deferred tax assets, uncertain income tax positions and contingencies. Management does not anticipate any material changes to estimates made herein in the near term. Factors that may cause sensitivity to the aforementioned estimates include but are not limited to: those items described under the caption  Risk Factors  in Item 1A of the accompanying annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended   September 30, 2016   and external  
  
   52 

market factors such as market interest rates and employment rates, changes to operating policies and procedures, and changes in applicable banking regulations. Actual results may ultimately differ from estimates, although management does not generally believe such differences would materially affect the consolidated financial statements in any individual reporting period. 
  Cash and Cash Equivalents   For purposes of reporting cash flows in the consolidated financial statements, cash and cash equivalents include cash, due from banks, and interest bearing deposits with original maturities of   three months or less  . 
  Investment Securities; Held to Maturity and Available for Sale     Management determines the appropriate classification of investment securities at the time of purchase and reevaluates such designation as of the date of each balance sheet.  Securities are classified as held to maturity when the Company has the positive intent and ability to hold the securities to maturity.  Held to maturity securities are stated at amortized cost.  Investment securities not classified as held to maturity are classified as available for sale.  Available for sale securities are stated at fair value, with unrealized holding gains and losses being reported in other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax. Unrealized losses deemed other-than-temporary due to credit issues are reported in the Company s net income in the period in which the losses arise. Interest income includes amortization of purchase premium or accretion of purchase discount. Amortization of premiums and accretion of discounts are recognized in interest income using the interest method over the estimated lives of the securities.  
  The Company evaluates securities for other-than-temporary impairment at least on a quarterly basis, and more frequently when economic or market concerns warrant such evaluation. As part of such monitoring, the credit quality of individual securities and their issuer is assessed. Significant inputs used to measure the amount of other-than-temporary impairment related to credit loss include, but are not limited to; the Company's intent and ability to sell the debt security prior to recovery, that it is more likely than not that the Company will not sell the security prior to recovery, default and delinquency rates of the underlying collateral, remaining credit support, and historical loss severities. Adjustments to market value of available for sale securities that are considered temporary are recorded in other comprehensive income or loss as separate components of stockholders' equity, net of tax. If the unrealized loss of a security is identified as other-than-temporary based on information available, such as the decline in the creditworthiness of the issuer, external market ratings, or the anticipated or realized elimination of associated dividends, such impairments are further analyzed to determine if credit loss exists. If there is a credit loss, it will be recorded in the Company's consolidated statement of operations. Non-credit components of the unrealized losses on available for sale securities will continue to be recognized in other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax. 
  Loans     Loans that management has the intent and ability to hold for the foreseeable future or until maturity or payoff are reported at the principal balance outstanding, net of unearned interest, and net of deferred loan fees and costs. Interest income is accrued on the unpaid principal balance of these loans. Loan origination fees, net of certain direct origination costs, are deferred and recognized in interest income using the interest method without anticipating prepayments.  Delinquency fees are recognized into income when chargeable, assuming collection is reasonably insured. 
  Interest income on commercial, mortgage and consumer loans is discontinued according to the following schedules: 
     Commercial/agricultural real estate loans past due   90 days   or more; 
     Commercial/agricultural non-real estate loans past due   90 days   or more; 
     Closed ended consumer non-real estate loans past due   120 days   or more; and 
     Residential real estate loans and open ended consumer non-real estate loans past due   180 days   or more. 
  Past due status is based on the contractual terms of the loan. In all cases, loans are placed on nonaccrual status or charged off at an earlier date if collection of principal or interest is considered doubtful. All interest accrued but not received for a loan placed on nonaccrual status is reversed against interest income. Interest received on such loans is accounted for on the cash basis or cost recovery method until qualifying for return to accrual status. Loans are returned to accrual status when payments are made that bring the loan account current with the contractual term of the loan and a 6 month payment history has been established. Interest on impaired loans considered troubled debt restructurings ( TDRs ) or substandard, less than   90 days   delinquent, is recognized as income as it accrues based on the revised terms of the loan over an established period of continued payment.  Substandard loans, as defined by the OCC, our primary banking regulator, are loans that are inadequately protected by the current sound worth and paying capacity of the obligor or of the collateral pledged, if any.   
  Residential real estate loans and open ended consumer non-real estate loans are charged off to estimated net realizable value less estimated selling costs at the earlier of when (a) the loan is deemed by management to be uncollectible, or (b) the loan becomes past due   180 days   or more. Closed ended consumer non-real estate loans are charged off to net realizable value at the earlier of when (a) the loan is deemed by management to be uncollectible, or (b) the loan becomes past due   120 days   or  
  
   53 

more.  Commercial/agricultural real estate and non-real estate loans are charged off to net realizable value at the earlier of when (a) the loan is deemed by management to be uncollectible, or (b) the loan becomes past due    90 days   or more. 
  Allowance for Loan Losses     The allowance for loan losses ( ALL ) is a valuation allowance for probable and inherent credit losses in our loan portfolio. Loan losses are charged against the ALL when management believes that the collectability of a loan balance is unlikely. Subsequent recoveries, if any, are credited to the ALL. Management estimates the required ALL balance taking into account the following factors: past loan loss experience; the nature, volume and composition of our loan portfolio; known and inherent risks in our portfolio; information about specific borrowers  ability to repay; estimated collateral values; current economic conditions; and other relevant factors determined by management. The ALL consists of specific and general components. The specific component relates to loans that are individually classified as impaired. The general component covers non-impaired loans and is based on historical loss experience adjusted for certain qualitative factors. The entire ALL balance is available for any loan that, in management s judgment, should be charged off. 
  A loan is impaired when full payment under the loan terms is not expected. Impaired loans consist of all TDRs, as well as individual substandard loans not considered a TDR, when full payment under the loan terms is not expected.  All TDRs are individually evaluated for impairment. See Note 5,  Loans, Allowance for Loan Losses and Impaired Loans  for more information on what we consider to be a TDR.  For TDR's or substandard loans deemed to be impaired, a specific ALL allocation may be established so that the loan is reported, net, at the lower of (a) its outstanding principal balance; (b) the present value of the loan's estimated future cash flows using the loan s existing rate; or (c) at the fair value of any loan collateral, less estimated disposal costs, if repayment is expected solely from the underlying collateral of the loan. For TDRs less than 90+ days past due, and certain substandard loans that are less than 90+ days delinquent, the likelihood of the loan migrating to over 90 days past due is also taken into account when determining the specific ALL allocation for these particular loans. Large groups of smaller balance homogeneous loans, such as non-TDR commercial, consumer and residential real estate loans, are collectively evaluated for ALL purposes, and accordingly, are not separately identified for ALL disclosures. 
    
  Loans Acquired through Business Combination with Deteriorated Credit Quality - Financial Accounting Standards Board ("FASB") Accounting Standards Codification ("ASC") Topic 310-30, "  Loan and Debt Securities Acquired with Deteriorated Credit Quality"  , applies to loans acquired in a business combination that have evidence of deterioration of credit quality since origination and for which it is probable, at acquisition, that we will be unable to collect all contractually required payments receivable. In accordance with this guidance, these loans are initially recorded at fair value (as determined by the present value of expected future cash flows) with no valuation allowance. The difference between the undiscounted cash flows expected at acquisition and the investment in the loan, or the  accretable" yield, is recognized as interest income over the life of the loans using a method that approximates the level-yield method. Contractually required payments for interest and principal that exceed the undiscounted cash flows expected to be collected at acquisition, or the  nonaccretable" yield, are not recognized as a yield adjustment, a loss accrual, or a valuation allowance. Non-accretable yield represents estimated future credit losses expected to be incurred over the life of the loan.  Increases in expected cash flows subsequent to the initial investment are recognized prospectively through reclassification from non-accretable discount to accretable discount and adjustment of the yield on the loan into interest income over its remaining life. Decreases in expected cash flows are recognized as impairments through ALL. Valuation allowances on these impaired loans reflect only losses incurred after the acquisition. 
  Non-marketable Equity Securities     Non-marketable equity securities are comprised of Federal Home Loan Bank (FHLB) stock and Federal Reserve Bank (FRB) stock, and are carried at cost.  
   The Bank is a member of the FHLB system. Members are required to own a certain amount of FHLB stock based on the Bank s level of borrowings from the FHLB and other factors, and may invest in additional amounts of FHLB stock. FHLB stock is carried at cost, classified as a restricted security, and periodically evaluated for impairment based on the ultimate recovery of par value. The determination of whether a decline affects the ultimate recovery is influenced by criteria such as: (1) the significance of the decline in net assets of the FHLB as compared to the capital stock amount and length of time a decline has persisted; (2) the impact of legislative and regulatory changes on the FHLB; and (3) the liquidity position of the FHLB. Both cash and stock dividends are reported as income. 
  FHLB stock is evaluated quarterly for impairment.  Quarterly cash dividends are paid on FHLB stock owned by members as a condition for required membership and also paid on stock owned based on activity.   

54 

The following table presents the membership and activity stock quarterly cash dividend annualized rates paid during fiscal   2016  : 

Based on management s quarterly evaluation, no impairment has been recorded on these securities. 
  As a National Banking Association, the Bank must be a member of the Federal Reserve system.  Each member bank is required to subscribe to Federal Reserve Stock in an amount equal to 6 percent of its capital and surplus.  Although the par value of the stock is $100 per share, banks (including the Bank) pay only $50 per share at the time of purchase, with the understanding that the other half of the subscription amount is subject to call at any time.   Dividends are paid at the statutory rate of 6 percent per annum, or $1.50 per share semi-annually on the last business day of June and December. 
  Foreclosed and Repossessed Assets, net     Assets acquired through foreclosure or repossession are initially recorded at fair value, less estimated costs to sell, which establishes a new cost basis. If the fair value declines subsequent to foreclosure or repossession, a valuation allowance is recorded through expense. Costs incurred after acquisition are expensed and are included in non-interest expense, other in the Consolidated Statements of Operations.  
    
  Goodwill -   Goodwill resulting from the acquisition by merger of CBN was determined as the excess of the fair value of the consideration transferred, over the fair value of the net assets acquired, less liabilities assumed in the acquisition by merger, as of the acquisition date. Goodwill resulting from the selective purchase of loans and deposits from Central Bank in February 2016 was determined as the excess of the Premium Deposit less the Core Deposit Intangible as of the acquisition date.  Goodwill is determined to have an indefinite useful life, and is not amortized. Goodwill is tested for impairment at least annually or more frequently if events and circumstances exist that indicate that a goodwill impairment test should be performed.  
    
  The following table provides changes in goodwill from   September 30, 2015   through   September 30, 2016  : 
    
                     Balance at beginning of period 
    $ 

Select loans and deposit purchase from Central Bank (See Note 3) 
    435 
      
      CBN acquisition (See Note 3) 
    4,228 
      
      Valuation allowance 

Balance at end of period 
    $ 
    4,663 

Office Properties and Equipment   Land is carried at cost. Premises and equipment are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation. Maintenance and repair costs are charged to expense as incurred. Gains or losses on disposition of office properties and equipment are reflected in income. Buildings and related components are depreciated using the straight-line method with useful lives ranging from   10   to   40   years. Furniture, fixtures and equipment are depreciated using the straight-line (or accelerated) method with useful lives ranging from   3   to   10   years. Leasehold improvements are depreciated using the straight-line (or accelerated) method with useful lives based on the lesser of (a) the estimated life of the lease, or (b) the estimated useful life of the leasehold improvement. 
  Intangible Assets   Intangible assets consist of core deposit intangible assets arising from acquisitions. They were initially measured at fair value and amortized over their estimated useful lives, ranging from   7   to   15   years. The balances of core deposit intangible assets were   $872   and   $104   at   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively. Amortization expense related to these core deposit intangible assets was $  111   and $  57   for the years ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively. Accumulated amortization on core deposit intangible assets was   $2,527   and   $2,416  , at   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively. 
  
   55 

Interest Bearing Deposits   Other interest bearing deposits are certificate of deposit investments made by the Bank with other financial institutions that are carried at cost and mature within   two   to   three   years.  Balances over $250 in those institutions are not insured by the FDIC and therefore pose a potential risk in the event the institution were to fail. As of   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , there were   no   uninsured deposits.  
  Advertising, Marketing and Public Relations Expense   The Company expenses all advertising, marketing and public relations costs as they are incurred. Total costs for the years ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015   were $  701   and $  659  , respectively. 
  Income Taxes     The Company accounts for income taxes in accordance with the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) Accounting Standards Codification ( ASC ) Topic 740,  Income Taxes.  Under this guidance, deferred taxes are recognized for the future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates that will apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized as income or expense in the period that includes the enactment date. See Note 15, "Income Taxes" for details on the Company s income taxes. 
  The Company regularly reviews the carrying amount of its net deferred tax assets to determine if the establishment of a valuation allowance is necessary. If based on the available evidence, it is more likely than not that all or a portion of the Company s net deferred tax assets will not be realized in future periods, a deferred tax valuation allowance would be established. Consideration is given to various positive and negative factors that could affect the realization of the deferred tax assets. In evaluating this available evidence, management considers, among other things, historical performance, expectations of future earnings, the ability to carry back losses to recoup taxes previously paid, the length of statutory carry forward periods, any experience with utilization of operating loss and tax credit carry forwards not expiring, tax planning strategies and timing of reversals of temporary differences. Significant judgment is required in assessing future earnings trends and the timing of reversals of temporary differences. Accordingly, the Company s evaluation is based on current tax laws as well as management s expectations of future performance. 
  Revenue Recognition   - The Company recognizes revenue in the consolidated statements of operations as it is earned and when collectability is reasonably assured. The primary source of revenue is interest income from interest earning assets, which is recognized on the accrual basis of accounting using the effective interest method. The recognition of revenues from interest earning assets is based upon formulas from underlying loan agreements, securities contracts or other similar contracts. Non-interest income is recognized on the accrual basis of accounting as services are provided or as transactions occur. Non-interest income includes fees from brokerage and advisory service, deposit accounts, merchant services, ATM and debit card fees, mortgage banking activities, and other miscellaneous services and transactions.  
  Transfers of Financial Assets   - Transfers of financial assets are accounted for as sales, when control over the assets has been surrendered. Control over transferred assets is deemed to be surrendered when (1) the assets have been isolated from the Company-put presumptively beyond the reach of the transferor and its creditors, even in bankruptcy or other receivership, (2) the transferee obtains the right (free of conditions that constrain it from taking advantage of that right) to pledge or exchange the transferred assets, and (3) the Company does not maintain effective control over the transferred assets through an agreement to repurchase them before their maturity or the ability to unilaterally cause the holder to return specific assets. 
  Earnings Per Share     Basic earnings per common share is net income or loss divided by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the period. Diluted earnings per common share includes the dilutive effect of additional potential common shares issuable during the period, consisting of stock options outstanding under the Company s stock incentive plans that have an exercise price that is less than the Company's stock price on the reporting date. 
  Loss Contingencies   Loss contingencies, including claims and legal actions arising in the normal course of business, are recorded as liabilities when the likelihood of loss is probable and an amount of loss can be reasonably estimated. 
  Off-Balance-Sheet Financial Instruments   In the ordinary course of business, the Bank has entered into off-balance sheet financial instruments consisting of commitments to extend credit and commitments under lines of credit arrangements, issued to meet customer financial needs. Such financial instruments are recorded in the financial statements when they become payable. 
  Other Comprehensive Income    Accumulated and other comprehensive income or loss is comprised of the unrealized and realized gains and losses on securities available for sale and pension liability adjustments, net of tax, and is shown on the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Other Comprehensive Income. 
  
   56 

Operating Segments   While our chief decision makers monitor the revenue streams of the various banking products and services, operations are managed and financial performance is evaluated on a Company-wide basis. Accordingly, all of the Company s banking operations are considered by management to be aggregated in one reportable operating segment. 
  Bank Owned Life Insurance (BOLI)   - The Bank invests in bank-owned life insurance (BOLI) as a source of funding for employee benefit expenses. BOLI involves the purchasing of life insurance by the Bank on a select group of employees. The Bank is the owner and beneficiary of the policies. Income from the increase in cash surrender value of the policies as well as the receipt of death benefits is included in non-interest income on the consolidated statement of income. 
  Reclassifications     Certain items previously reported were reclassified for consistency with the current presentation. 
  Recent Accounting Standards -   In August, 2016 the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update ("ASU") 2016-15,  Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 230), Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments .  ASU 2016-15 is intended to provide specific guidance on how certain cash receipts and cash payments are presented and classified in the statement of cash flows under Topic 230, in order to reduce existing diversity in practice. For public entities, ASU 2016-15 is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017, including interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption is permitted. The Company has not yet evaluated the potential effects of adopting ASU 2016-15 on the Company s consolidated results of operations, financial position or cash flows. 
       
  In June, 2016 the FASB issued ASU 2016-13,  Financial Instruments-Credit Losses (Topic 326), Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments.  ASU 2016-13 is intended to provide financial statement users with more decision-useful information about the excepted credit losses on financial instruments and other commitments to extend credit. For public entities, ASU 2016-13 is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2019, including interim periods within those fiscal years. The Company has not yet evaluated the potential effects of adopting ASU 2016-13 on the Company s consolidated results of operations, financial position or cash flows. 
    
  In May, 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-12,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606); Narrow-Scope Improvements and Practical Expedients.  ASU 2016-12 is intended to address certain specific issues identified by the FASB-IASB Joint Transition Resource Group for Revenue Recognition with respect to ASU 2014-09,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606).  For public entities, ASU 2016-12 is effective on a retrospective basis for the annual periods, and interim periods within those annual periods, beginning after December 15, 2017. Early adoption is not permitted. The Company expects the adoption of ASU 2016-12 will have no material effect on the Company's consolidated results of operations, financial position or cash flows. 
    
  In March, 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-09 - "Compensation-Stock Compensation  (Topic 718) Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting. ASU 2016-09 is intended to simplify certain areas of share-based payment transaction accounting, including the income tax consequences, equity or liability classification of certain share awards, and classification on the statement of cash flows. ASU 2016-09 is effective for the annual periods, and interim periods within those annual periods, beginning after December 15, 2016. Early adoption is permitted. The Company expects the adoption of ASU 2016-09 to have no material effect on the Company's results of operations, financial position or cash flows. 
    
  In February, 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-02 - "Leases  (Topic 842). ASU 2016-02 is intended to increase transparency and comparability among organizations by recognizing lease assets and lease liabilities on the balance sheet and disclosing key information about leasing arrangements. ASU 2016-02 is effective for the annual periods, and interim periods within those annual periods, beginning after December 15, 2018. Early adoption is permitted. The Company has not yet evaluated the impact of the adoption of ASU 2016-02 on the Company's results of operations, financial position or cash flows. 
    
  In January, 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-01 - "Recognition and Measurement of Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities  (Subtopic 825-10). ASU 2016-01 is intended to address certain aspects of recognition, measurement, presentation and disclosure of financial instruments. For public entities, ASU 2016-01 is effective for the annual periods, and interim periods within those annual periods, beginning after December 15, 2017. Early adoption is not permitted, except for certain provisions of ASU 2016-01, which are not applicable to the Company. The Company expects the adoption of ASU 2016-01 to have no material effect on the Company's results of operations, financial position or cash flows. 

NOTE 2   RESTATEMENT of PREVIOUSLY ISSUED FINANCIAL RESTATEMENTS 
    
  The Company has restated its consolidated financial statements as of and for the fiscal years ended September 30, 2015 and 2014. In addition, the Company has restated its quarterly Consolidated Statements of Operations and Balance Sheets  
  
   57 

for each of the quarterly periods in the fiscal year ended September 30, 2015, and the first three quarters of the fiscal year ended September 30, 2016, as presented. 
    
  The restatements reflect adjustments to correct errors identified by management during the Company s normal closing process, and in the course of the Company s regularly scheduled audit. The restatements reflect adjustments to correct errors in certain of the Company s period end expense accruals. The effect of the restatements on the Company s Balance Sheets is not material, and the restatements have no effect on reported cash flow from operations. The nature and impact of these adjustments are described below and detailed in the tables below.  
    
  Overstatement of Expense Accruals 
    
  The prior period errors were discovered in connection with the annual audit of consolidated financial statements for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2016.  Management determined that certain professional and other expense accrual items were overstated during the fiscal years ended September 30, 2014 and 2015 resulting in understatement of the Company's net income for the quarterly and annual periods ended September 30, 2014 and 2015.  During the fiscal year ended September 30, 2016, management reversed these overstated accrued expenses which resulted in an overstatement of quarterly and annual net income for the year ended September 30, 2016.  The cumulative effect of the net over-accrual of certain expense accruals over the restated periods resulted in an increase of pre-tax income of approximately   $316   and   $1,210   for the years ended September 30, 2015 and 2014, respectively, and after tax   $192   and   $726   respectively. 
    
  The cumulative impact of the above restatements as of September 30, 2015, is a   $918   increase to retained earnings and consists of the following adjustments to the respective Statements of Operations: 

58 

CITIZENS COMMUNITY BANCORP, INC. 
  Consolidated Balance Sheets 
  September 30, 2015 and September 30, 2014 
  (in thousands, except share data) 

59 

CITIZENS COMMUNITY BANCORP, INC. 
  Consolidated Statements of Operations 
  Years Ended     2015   and 2014 
  (in thousands, except per share data) 

60 

CITIZENS COMMUNITY BANCORP, INC. 
  Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
  Years Ended   2015   and 2014 
  (in thousands, except per share data)   

61 

NOTE 3   ACQUISITIONS 
    
  On May 16, 2016, the Company completed the acquisition through merger of CBN, with the Bank surviving the merger. The Merger was consummated pursuant to the terms of the Merger Agreement, dated February 10, 2016, and as amended on May 13, 2016. The Merger expands our presence in our Rice Lake, Wisconsin market with   five   additional branches.  
    
  Under the terms of the Merger Agreement, the total purchase price paid in a combination of cash and debt issued by the Company was   $17,447  , which represented a   $16,762   book value of CBN as of April 30, 2016, less a capital dividend of   $4,342   declared by CBN, plus a   $5,000   fixed premium and daily interest through May 16, 2016 in the amount of   $27  . The Merger added   $167,469   in assets,   $111,740   in loans,   $151,020   in deposits,   $4,228   in goodwill, and   $607   in a core deposit intangible.  Acquisition costs consisting of accounting, legal and other professional fees were approximately   $701   through September 30, 2016 and were accrued for in non-interest expense.  

62 

The following is a reconciliation of consideration paid, net assets acquired, net of fair value adjustments, and goodwill resulting from the acquisition of CBN as of the acquisition date: 

63 

The acquisition of the net assets of CBN constitutes a business combination as defined by FASB ASC Topic 805, "  Business Combinations  ."  Accordingly, the assets acquired and liabilities assumed are presented at their fair values at acquisition date. Fair values were determined based on the requirements of FASB ASC Topic 820,   Fair Value Measurements  . In many cases, the determination of these fair values required management to make estimates regarding discount rates, future expected cash flows, market conditions and other future events that are highly subjective in nature and subject to change for a period up to 12 months after the acquisition date. The following schedule is a breakdown of the assets acquired, liabilities assumed, related fair value adjustments, and resulting goodwill: 

The following is a description of the methods used to determine, and adjustments necessary to present, the fair values of significant assets and liabilities presented above: 
    
  Cash and cash equivalents-  The carrying amount of these assets is a reasonable estimate of fair value based on the short-term nature of these assets. 

64 

Other interest bearing deposits-  Other interest bearing deposits were acquired from CBN with a   $6   adjustment (2) to market value based upon quoted market prices or other observable outputs. 
    
  Investment Securities-  Investment securities were acquired from CBN with a   $102   adjustment (2) to market value based upon quoted market prices or other observable outputs. 
    
  Federal Home Loan Bank (FHLB) stock-  Non-marketable investments in FHLB stock are carried at cost, which is their redeemable fair value since the market for each category of this stock is restricted. 
    
  Loans Receivable-  Fair values for loans were based on a discounted cash flow methodology that considered factors including the type of loan, related collateral, classification status, interest rate, term of the loan, whether the loan was amortizing, and current discount rates. The discount rates used for loans are based on current market rates for new originations of comparable loans and include adjustments for liquidity concerns. 
    
  We evaluated   $109,202   of loans purchased in conjunction with the acquisition in accordance with the provisions of FASB ASC Topic 310-20,   Nonrefundable Fees and Other Costs  , and those loans were recorded with a   $203   discount, included in fair value adjustment (3) above. As a result, the fair value discount on these loans is being accreted into interest income over the weighted average life of the loans, using a constant yield method.  The remaining   $4,447   of loans evaluated were considered purchased credit impaired loans within the provisions of FASB ASC Topic 310-30,   Loans and Debt Securities Acquired with Deteriorated Credit Quality  , and were recorded with a   $1,706   discount, which is included in fair value adjustment (3) above. These purchased credit impaired loans will recognize interest income through accretion of the difference between the carrying amount of the loans and the expected cash flows. 
    
  Office properties and equipment-  The fair values of office properties and equipment were based on the appraised value of the property. The fair value adjustment (4) of   $88   will be amortized over the remaining economic life of the properties, which is estimated to be   25   years. 
    
  Accrued interest receivable-  Accrued interest receivable was acquired at market value. 
    
  Intangible assets-  Core deposit intangible assets represent the value of the relationships that CBN had with its deposit customers. The fair value of this intangible asset was estimated based on a discounted cash flow methodology that gave appropriate consideration to expected customer attrition rates, cost of the deposit base, and the net maintenance cost attributable to customer deposits. The Company recorded   $607   of gross core deposit intangible as a result of the CBN acquisition, fair value adjustment (5) above, which will be amortized over   seven   years. 
    
  Foreclosed and repossessed assets-  The carrying amount of these acquired assets were deemed to be a reasonable estimate of their fair value at the date of acquisition except for   one   purchased credit impaired loan in the amount of   $91   that was transferred to real estate owned on May 16, 2016.  This purchased credit impaired loan was considered within the provisions of FASB ASC Topic 310-30,   Loans and Debt Securities Acquired with Deteriorated Credit Quality  , and was recorded with a   $43   discount, which is included in fair value adjustment (6) above.    
    
  Other assets-   The carrying amount of these acquired assets were deemed to be a reasonable estimate of their fair value at the date of acquisition, except for   two   BOLI investment policies acquired with surrender charges.  These BOLI policies were recorded with a   $40   discount, which is included in fair value adjustment (7) above. 
    
  Deposits-  The fair value of deposits with no stated maturity, such as demand deposits, savings accounts, and money market accounts, is the amount payable on demand at the reporting date. The fair value of fixed rate certificate accounts is calculated by using discounted cash flows applying interest rates currently being offered on similar certificates. The Company determined that the fair value of fixed rate certificate deposits exceeded book value by   $282  ; fair value adjustment (8) above. This fair value adjustment will be amortized over the weighted average life of these deposits, which is estimated to be   17   months. 
    
  FHLB advances and other borrowings-  The fair value of long-term borrowed funds is estimated using discounted cash flows based on the Bank s current incremental borrowing rates for similar borrowing arrangements. The carrying value of short-term borrowed funds approximates their fair value. 
    
  Other liabilities-   The carrying amount of these acquired assets were deemed to be a reasonable estimate of their fair value at the date of acquisition.  

65 

Stockholders' equity-  All equity of the acquired CBN entity was eliminated as a result of the acquisition; fair value adjustment (9) above. 
    
  The following unaudited pro forma condensed financial information presents our results of operations, including the effects of the purchase accounting adjustments and acquisition expenses, had the acquisition taken place at the beginning of the period presented: 

The following is a description of the methods used to determine the pro forma adjustments presented above: 
  (1) Annual interest expense of   $367  ; represents interest on debt incurred to partially fund the acquisition of CBN. Interest expense was based on   $11,000   borrowings at an annual interest rate of   3.3366%  , which represents the interest rate at the time of the acquisition. 
  Pro forma adjustments to non-interest expense consist of the following: 
  (3) Fair value adjustment to performing loans of   $203  , amortized over   72   months; the weighted average remaining life of the loans, or (  $34  ) annually. 
  (4) Fair value adjustment to office properties and equipment of   $88  , amortized over the estimated remaining life of the buildings of   25   years, or   $4   annually. 
  (5) Core deposit intangible of   $607  , amortized over the estimated life of the intangible asset of   seven   years, or   $87   annually.  
  (6) Fair value adjustment to deposits of   $282  , amortized over the weighted average life of the deposits of   17   months, or   $199   annually.  
    
    Selectively purchased loans and deposits - Central Bank -     In February 2016,  the Bank selectively purchased loans and deposit from Central Bank in Rice Lake and Barron, Wisconsin. The fair value of the acquired assets totaled   $17,323  , including   $10,001   in cash,   $16,363   in loans and   $786   in fixed and other assets. The Bank also assumed   $27,131   in deposits, for which it paid a deposit premium of   $707  , as part of the transaction. The assets and liabilities relating to these selectively purchased loans and deposits were recorded on the Bank s balance sheet at their preliminary fair values as of February 5, 2016 and the related  
  
   66 

results of operations for these branches have been included in the Company's consolidated statement of comprehensive income since that date. Based on the purchase price allocation, the Corporation recorded   $435   in goodwill and   $272    in core deposit intangibles. These fair value amounts are based on third party valuations. The goodwill for this transaction is deductible for income tax purposes.  
   
  NOTE 4   FAIR VALUE ACCOUNTING 
  ASC Topic 820-10,    Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures    establishes a fair value hierarchy which requires an entity to maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs when measuring fair value. The topic describes three levels of inputs that may be used to measure fair value: 
  Level 1- Quoted prices (unadjusted) for identical assets or liabilities in active markets that the Company has the ability to access as of the measurement date. 
  Level 2- Significant other observable inputs other than Level 1 prices such as quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities; quoted prices in markets that are not active; or other inputs that are observable or can be corroborated by observable market data. 
  Level 3- Significant unobservable inputs that reflect the Company s assumptions about the factors that market participants would use in pricing an asset or liability. 
  A financial instrument s categorization within the valuation hierarchy is based upon the lowest level of input within the valuation hierarchy that is significant to the fair value measurement. 
  The fair value of securities available for sale is determined by obtaining market price quotes from independent third parties wherever such quotes are available (Level 1 inputs); or matrix pricing, which is a mathematical technique widely used in the industry to value debt securities without relying exclusively on quoted prices for the specific securities but rather by relying on the securities' relationship to other benchmark quoted securities (Level 2 inputs). Where such quotes are not available, we utilize independent third party valuation analysis to support our own estimates and judgments in determining fair value (Level 3 inputs).   
  Assets Measured on a Recurring Basis 
    The following tables present the financial instruments measured at fair value on a recurring basis as of    September 30, 2016   and   2015  .    

67 

The following table presents additional information about the security available for sale measured at fair value on a recurring basis and for which the Company utilized significant unobservable inputs (Level 3 inputs) to determine fair value for the year ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  : 

Fair value measurements using significant unobservable inputs   (Level 3)  
      Securities available for sale 
      
    2016 
      
    2015 
      Balance, beginning of year 
      
    $ 

$ 

Payments received 

Total gains or losses (realized/unrealized) 

Included in earnings 

Included in other comprehensive income 

Transfers in and/or out of Level 3 
      
    376 

Balance, end of year 
      
    $ 
    376 

$ 

There were no transfers in or out of Level 1 and Level 2 fair value measurements during the years ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. The trust preferred security discussed below, which was obtained as part of the CBN acquisition, is the only transfer into or out of Level 3 during the same periods.  There were no losses included in earnings attributable to the change in unrealized gains or losses relating to the available-for-sale securities above with fair value measurements utilizing significant unobservable inputs for the years ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively.  
  The Level 3 securities consists of one private placement collateralized debt obligation security, backed by trust preferred securities.  The market for this security at September 30, 2016 was not active, and markets for similar securities was equally inactive.  The new issue market is also inactive and there are currently very few market participants willing or able to transact for these securities. 
  The Company utilized an independent third party to value the Level 3 security using a discounted cash flow analysis.  The estimated cash flows are based on specific assumptions about defaults, deferrals and prepayments of the underlying trust preferred securities. 
  Assets Measured on a Nonrecurring Basis 
  The following tables present the financial instruments measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis as of   September 30, 2016   and   2015  : 

The fair value of impaired loans referenced above was determined by obtaining independent third party appraisals and/or internally developed collateral valuations to support the Company s estimates and judgments in determining the fair value of the underlying collateral supporting impaired loans. 
  The fair value of foreclosed and repossessed assets referenced above was determined by obtaining market price valuations from independent third parties wherever such quotes were available for other collateral owned. The Company  
  
   68 

utilized independent third party appraisals to support the Company s estimates and judgments in determining fair value for other real estate owned. 
  The following table represents additional quantitative information about assets measured at fair value on a 
  recurring and nonrecurring basis and for which we have utilized Level 3 inputs to determine their fair value at 
  September 30, 2016  . 

(1)     Fair value is generally determined through independent third-party appraisals of the underlying 
  collateral, which generally includes various level 3 inputs which are not observable. 
    
  (2)     The fair value basis of impaired loans and real estate owned may be adjusted to reflect management 
  estimates of disposal costs including, but not limited to, real estate brokerage commissions, legal fees, 
  and delinquent property taxes. 
  Fair Values of Financial Instruments 
  ASC 825-10 and ASC 270-10,   Interim Disclosures about Fair Value Financial Instruments  , require disclosures about fair value financial instruments and significant assumptions used to estimate fair value. The estimated fair values of financial instruments not previously disclosed are determined as follows: 
  Cash and Cash Equivalents (carried at cost) 
  Due to their short-term nature, the carrying amounts of cash and cash equivalents are considered to be a reasonable estimate of fair value and represents a level 1 measurement. 
  Other Interest Bearing Deposits (carried at cost) 
  Fair value of interest bearing deposits is estimated using a discounted cash flow analysis based on current interest rates being offered by instruments with similar terms and represents a level 3 measurement. 
  Non-marketable Equity Securities, (carried at cost) 
  Non-marketable equity securities are comprised of Federal Home Loan Bank stock and Federal Reserve Bank stock carried at cost, which are their redeemable fair value since the market for each category of this stock is restricted and represents a level 1 measurement. 
  Loans Receivable, net (carried at cost) 
  Fair value is estimated for portfolios of loans with similar financial characteristics. Loans are segregated by type such as real estate, C I and consumer. The fair value of loans is calculated by discounting scheduled cash flows through the estimated maturity date using market discount rates reflecting the credit and interest rate risk inherent in the loan. The estimate of maturity is based on the Bank s repayment schedules for each loan classification.  The fair value of variable rate loans approximates carrying value.  The net carrying value of the loans acquired through the CBN acquisition approximates the fair value of the loans at September 30, 2016.  The fair value of loans is considered to be a level 3 measurement. 
  Impaired Loans (carried at fair value)     
  
   69 

Impaired loans are loans in which the Company has measured impairment, generally based on the fair value of the loan s collateral. Fair value is generally determined based upon independent third-party appraisals of the properties, or discounted cash flows based upon the expected proceeds. These assets are included as Level 3 fair values, based upon the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurements.  
    
  Foreclosed Assets (carried at fair value) 
  Foreclosed assets are the only non-financial assets valued on a non-recurring basis which are held by the Company at fair value, less cost to sell. At foreclosure or repossession, if the fair value, less estimated costs to sell, of the collateral acquired (real estate, vehicles, equipment) is less than the Company s recorded investment in the related loan, a write-down is recognized through a charge to the allowance for loan losses. Additionally, valuations are periodically performed by management and any subsequent reduction in value is recognized by a charge to income. The fair value of foreclosed assets held-for-sale is estimated using Level 3 inputs based on observable market data.  
  Accrued Interest Receivable and Payable (carried at cost) 
  Due to their short-term nature, the carrying amounts of accrued interest receivable and payable are considered to be a reasonable estimate of fair value and represents a level 1 measurement. 
  Deposits (carried at cost) 
  The fair value of deposits with no stated maturity, such as demand deposits, savings accounts, and money market accounts, is the amount payable on demand at the reporting date. The fair value of fixed rate certificate accounts is calculated by using discounted cash flows applying interest rates currently being offered on similar certificates and represents a level 3 measurement.  The net carrying value of fixed rate certificate accounts acquired through the CBN acquisition approximates the fair value of the loans at September 30, 2016 and represents a level 3 measurement. 
  Federal Home Loan Bank Advances (carried at cost) 
  The fair value of long-term borrowed funds is estimated using discounted cash flows based on the Bank s current incremental borrowing rates for similar borrowing arrangements. The carrying value of short-term borrowed funds approximates their fair value and represents a level 2 measurement. 
  Off-Balance-Sheet Instruments (disclosed at cost) 
  The fair value of off-balance sheet commitments would be estimated using the fees currently charged to enter into similar agreements, taking into account the remaining terms of the agreements, the current interest rates, and the present creditworthiness of the customers. Since this amount is immaterial to the Company s consolidated financial statements, no amount for fair value is presented. 
  
   70 

The table below represents what we would receive to sell an asset or what we would have to pay to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date.  The carrying amount and estimated fair value of the Company's financial instruments as of the dates indicated below were as follows: 

71 

NOTE 5   LOANS, ALLOWANCE FOR LOAN LOSSES AND IMPAIRED LOANS 
  Loans by classes within portfolio segments as of   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively, were as follows: 

72 

Portfolio Segments: 
  Residential real estate loans are collateralized by primary and secondary positions on real estate and are underwritten primarily based on borrower's documented income, credit scores, and collateral values.  Under consumer home equity loan guidelines, the borrower will be approved for a loan based on a percentage of their home's appraised value less the balance owed on the existing first mortgage. Credit risk is minimized within the residential real estate portfolio as relatively small loan amounts are spread across many individual borrowers.  Management evaluates trends in past due loans and current economic factors such as the housing price index on a regular basis. 
  Commercial and agricultural real estate loans are underwritten after evaluating and understanding the borrower's ability to operate profitably and prudently expand its business. Management examines current and projected cash flows to determine the ability of the borrower to repay its obligations as agreed.  These loans are viewed primarily as cash flow loans and secondarily as loans secured by real estate. Commercial real estate lending typically involves higher loan principal amounts and the repayment of these loans is generally largely dependent on the successful operation of the property or the business conducted on the property securing the loan. Commercial real estate loans may be more adversely affected by conditions in the real estate markets or in the general economy.  The level of owner-occupied property versus non-owner-occupied property are tracked and monitored on a regular basis. Agricultural real estate loans are primarily comprised of loans for the purchase of farmland. Loan-to-value ratios on loans secured by farmland generally do not exceed 75%. 
  Land development loans are underwritten using feasibility studies, independent appraisal reviews and financial analysis of the developers or property owners. Commercial construction loans are based upon estimates of cost and value of the completed project. Commercial construction loans often involve the disbursement of substantial funds with the repayment dependent on the success of the ultimate project.  Sources of repayment for these loans may be the sale of the developed property or increased cash flow as a result of business expansion.   
  Consumer non-real estate loans are comprised of originated indirect paper loans secured primarily by boats and recreational vehicles, purchased indirect paper loans secured primarily by household goods and other consumer loans secured primarily by automobiles and other personal assets.  Consumer loans underwriting terms often depend on the collateral type, debt to income ratio and the borrower's creditworthiness as evidenced by their credit score. Collateral value alone may not provide an adequate source of repayment of the outstanding loan balance in the event of a consumer non-real estate default.  This shortage is a result of the greater likelihood of damage, loss and depreciation for consumer based collateral.. 
  Commercial non-real estate loans are primarily made based on the identified cash flows of the borrower and secondarily on the underlying collateral provided by the borrower. These cash flows, however, may not be as expected and the value of collateral securing the loans may fluctuate. Most commercial loans are secured by the assets being financed or other business assets such as accounts receivable or inventory and may incorporate a personal guarantee.  Agricultural non-real estate loans are generally comprised of term loans to fund the purchase of equipment, livestock and seasonal operating lines. Operating lines are typically written for one year and secured by the crop and other farm assets as considered necessary. Agricultural loans carry significant credit risks as they may involve larger balances concentrated with single borrowers or groups of related borrowers. In addition, repayment of such loans depends on the successful operation or management of the farm property securing the loan or for which an operating loan is utilized. Farming operations may be affected by adverse weather conditions such as drought, hail or floods that can severely limit crop yields. 

73 

Below is a breakdown of loans by risk rating as of   September 30, 2016  :  

74 

Below is a breakdown of loans by risk rating as of   September 30, 2015  :  

Credit Quality/Risk Ratings:    Management utilizes a numeric risk rating system to identify and quantify the Bank s risk of loss within its loan portfolio. Ratings are initially assigned prior to funding the loan, and may be changed at any time as circumstances warrant. 
  Ratings range from the highest to lowest quality based on factors that include measurements of ability to pay, collateral type and value, borrower stability and management experience. The Bank s loan portfolio is presented below in accordance with the risk rating framework that has been commonly adopted by the federal banking agencies. The definitions of the various risk rating categories are as follows: 
  1 through 4 - Pass.  A "Pass" loan means that the condition of the borrower and the performance of the loan is satisfactory or better. 
  5 - Watch.  A "Watch" loan has clearly identifiable developing weaknesses that deserve additional attention from management. Weaknesses that are not corrected or mitigated, may jeopardize the ability of the borrower to repay the loan in the future. 
  6 - Special Mention.  A "Special Mention" loan has one or more potential weakness that deserve management s close attention. If left uncorrected, these potential weaknesses may result in deterioration of the repayment prospects for the loan or in the institution s credit position in the future. 
  7 - Substandard.  A "Substandard" loan is inadequately protected by the current net worth and paying capacity of the obligor or the collateral pledged, if any. Assets classified as substandard must have a well-defined weakness, or weaknesses, that jeopardize the liquidation of the debt. They are characterized by the distinct possibility that the Bank will sustain some loss if the deficiencies are not corrected. 
  8 - Doubtful.  A "Doubtful" loan has all the weaknesses inherent in a Substandard loan with the added characteristic that the weaknesses make collection or liquidation in full, on the basis of currently existing facts, conditions and values, highly questionable and improbable. 
  9 - Loss.  Loans classified as "Loss" are considered uncollectible, and their continuance as bankable assets is not warranted. This classification does not mean that the loan has absolutely no recovery or salvage value, and a partial recovery may occur in the future. 
  
   75 

Certain directors and executive officers of the Company and the Bank are defined as related parties. These related parties, including their immediate families and companies in which they are principal owners, were loan customers of the Bank during   2016   and   2015  .  A summary of the changes in those loans during the last two fiscal years is as follows: 

Allowance for Loan Losses   The ALL represents management s estimate of probable and inherent credit losses in the Bank s loan portfolio. Estimating the amount of the ALL requires the exercise of significant judgment and the use of estimates related to the amount and timing of expected future cash flows on impaired loans, estimated losses on pools of homogeneous loans based on historical loss experience, and consideration of other qualitative factors such as current economic trends and conditions, all of which may be susceptible to significant change. 
  There are many factors affecting the ALL; some are quantitative, while others require qualitative judgment. The process for determining the ALL (which management believes adequately considers potential factors which result in probable credit losses), includes subjective elements and, therefore, may be susceptible to significant change. To the extent actual outcomes differ from management estimates, additional provision for loan losses could be required that could adversely affect the Company s earnings or financial position in future periods. Allocations of the ALL may be made for specific loans but the entire ALL is available for any loan that, in management s judgment, should be charged-off or for which an actual loss is realized. 
  As an integral part of their examination process, various regulatory agencies also review the Bank s ALL. Such agencies may require that changes in the ALL be recognized when such regulators  credit evaluations differ from those of our management based on information available to the regulators at the time of their examinations. 
  
   76 

Changes in the ALL by loan type for the periods presented below were as follows: 

77 

The Bank has originated substantially all loans currently recorded on the Company s accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheet, except as noted below.   
  In February 2016, the Bank selectively purchased loans from Central Bank in Rice Lake and Barron, Wisconsin in the amount of   $16,363  .  In May 2016, the Bank acquired loans from Community Bank of Northern Wisconsin, headquartered in Rice Lake, Wisconsin totaling   $111,740  . 
  During October 2012, the Bank entered into an agreement to purchase short term consumer loans from a third party on an ongoing basis.  As part of the servicer agreement entered into in connection with this purchase agreement, the third party seller agreed to purchase or substitute performing consumer loans for all contracts that become 120 days past due.  Pursuant to the ongoing loan purchase agreement, a Board of Director determinant was originally established to limit the purchase of these consumer loans under this arrangement to a maximum of   $40,000   and a restricted reserve account was established at   3%   of the outstanding consumer loan balances purchased up to a maximum of   $1,000  , with such percentage amount of the loans being deposited into a segregated reserve account. The funds in the reserve account are to be released to compensate the Bank for any purchased loans that are not purchased back by the seller or substituted with performing loans and are ultimately charged off by the Bank.  During the first quarter of fiscal 2015, the Board of Directors increased the limit of these purchased consumer loans to a maximum of   $50,000  . As of   September 30, 2016  , the balance of the consumer loans purchased was $  49,221   compared to   $39,705   as of   September 30, 2015  .  As of   September 30, 2016  , purchases from this third party have been suspended as we review procedures and documentation requirements on any future purchases.The balance in the cash reserve account has reached the maximum allowed balance of   $1,000  , which is included in Deposits on the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheet.  To date, none of the purchased loans have been charged off or have experienced losses. 
  The weighted average rate earned on these purchased consumer loans was   4.24%   as of   September 30, 2016  .  From March 2014 through December 2015, the rate earned for all new loan originations of these purchased consumer loans was   4.00%  .   As of January 2016, new loans purchased are at an interest rate of   4.25%   due to the increase in the Prime Rate. 

78 

Loans receivable by loan type as of the end of the periods shown below were as follows: 

(1) 
    Nonperforming loans are either   90+ days   past due or nonaccrual. 
     
   79 

An aging analysis of the Company s consumer real estate, commercial/agriculture real estate, consumer and other loans and purchased third party loans as of   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively, was as follows: 

80 

At   September 30, 2016  , the Company has identified   $3,733   of originated,   $4,972   acquired TDR loans and   $1,664   of substandard loans as impaired, totaling   $10,369  , which includes     $3,218   of performing originated, and   $3,881   performing  acquired TDR loans. A loan is identified as impaired when, based on current information and events, it is probable that the Bank will be unable to collect all amounts due according to the contractual terms of the loan agreement. Performing TDRs consist of loans that have been modified and are performing in accordance with the modified terms for a sufficient length of time, generally six months, or loans that were modified on a proactive basis. A summary of the Company s impaired loans as of   September 30, 2016   and   September 30, 2015   was as follows: 

81 

Troubled Debt Restructuring     A TDR includes a loan modification where a borrower is experiencing financial difficulty and the Bank grants a concession to that borrower that the Bank would not otherwise consider except for the borrower s financial difficulties. Concessions include an extension of loan terms, renewals of existing balloon loans, reductions in interest rates and consolidating existing Bank loans at modified terms.  A TDR may be either on accrual or nonaccrual status based upon the performance of the borrower and management s assessment of collectability. If a TDR is placed on nonaccrual status, it remains there until a sufficient period of performance under the restructured terms has occurred at which time it is returned to accrual status. There were   3   delinquent TDRs, greater than 60 days past due, with a recorded investment of   $226   at   September 30, 2016  , compared to   4   such loans with a recorded investment of   $191   at   September 30, 2015  .  
  Following is a summary of TDR loans by accrual status as of   September 30, 2016   and   September 30, 2015  . There were no TDR commitments or unused lines of credit as of   September 30, 2016   and   September 30, 2015  .  

82 

The following provides detail, including specific reserve and reasons for modification, related to loans identified as TDRs during the years ended   September 30, 2016   and   September 30, 2015  :    

A summary of loans by loan class modified in a troubled debt restructuring as of   September 30, 2016   and   September 30, 2015  , and during each of the   twelve   months then ended, was as follows: 

The following table provides information related to restructured loans that were considered in default as of   September 30, 2016   and   September 30, 2015  :     
  
   83 

Included above are   eight   TDR loans that became in default during the year ended   September 30, 2016  .  
  
   84 

All acquired loans were initially recorded at fair value at the acquisition date.  The outstanding balance and the carrying amount of acquired loans included in the consolidated balance sheet are as follows: 

The following table provides changes in accretable yield for all acquired loans accounted for under ASC 310-30: 

The following table reflects amounts at acquisition for all purchased loans subject to ASC 310-30 (impaired and non-impaired) acquired from CBN: 

Our analysis of the acquired impaired and non-impaired loan portfolio is ongoing and will be completed by December 31, 2016. 

85 

NOTE 6   INVESTMENT SECURITIES 
  The amortized cost, estimated fair value and related unrealized gains and losses on securities available for sale and held to maturity as of   September 30, 2016   and   September 30, 2015  , respectively, were as follows: 

The unrealized losses at September 30, 2016 in U.S. Government securities, state and municipal securities, and mortgage-backed securities are primarily the result of interest rate fluctuations. If held to maturity, these bonds will mature at par, and the Company will not realize a loss. The Company has the intent to hold the securities and does not believe it will be required to sell the securities before recovery occurs.  
  At   September 30, 2016  , the Bank has pledged certain of its U.S. Government Agency securities with a carrying value of   $2,685   as collateral against a borrowing line of credit with the Federal Reserve Bank. However, as of   September 30, 2016  , there were   no   borrowings outstanding on this Federal Reserve Bank line of credit. As of   September 30, 2016  , the Bank has pledged certain of its U.S. Government Agency securities with a carrying value of   $6,163   and mortgage-backed securities with a carrying value of   $20,856   as collateral against specific municipal deposits. 
  The estimated fair value of securities at   September 30, 2016  , by contractual maturity, is shown below. Expected maturities will differ from contractual maturities on mortgage-backed securities because borrowers may have the right to call or prepay obligations with or without call or prepayment penalties.  Expected maturities may differ from contractual maturities on certain agency and municipal securities due to the call feature.  
  
   86 

Securities with unrealized losses at   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , aggregated by investment category and length of time that individual securities have been in a continuous unrealized loss position, were as follows: 

Less than 12 Months 
      
    12 Months or More 
      
    Total 
      Held to maturity securities 
      
    Fair 
  Value 
      
    Unrealized 
  Loss 
      
    Fair 
  Value 
      
    Unrealized 
  Loss 
      
    Fair 
  Value 
      
    Unrealized 
  Loss 
      2016 

Obligations of states and political subdivisions 
      
    $ 

$ 

$ 

$ 

$ 

$ 

Mortgage-backed securities 

Total  
      
    $ 

$ 

$ 

$ 

$ 

$ 

2015 

Obligations of states and political subdivisions 
      
    $ 
    904 

$ 
    4 

$ 

$ 

$ 
    904 

$ 
    4 
      
      Mortgage-backed securities 

Total 
      
    $ 
    904 

$ 
    4 

$ 

$ 

$ 
    904 

$ 
    4 

87 

The Company evaluates securities for other-than-temporary impairment at least on a quarterly basis, and more frequently when economic or market concerns warrant such evaluation. As part of such monitoring, the credit quality of individual securities and their issuer is assessed. Significant inputs used to measure the amount of other-than-temporary impairment related to credit loss include, but are not limited to; the Company's intent and ability to sell the debt security prior to recovery, that it is more likely than not that the Company will not sell the security prior to recovery, default and delinquency rates of the underlying collateral, remaining credit support, and historical loss severities. Adjustments to market value of available for sale securities that are considered temporary are recorded as separate components of equity, net of tax. If the unrealized loss of a security is identified as other-than-temporary based on information available, such as the decline in the creditworthiness of the issuer, external market ratings, or the anticipated or realized elimination of associated dividends, such impairments are further analyzed to determine if credit loss exists. If there is a credit loss, it will be recorded in the Company's consolidated statement of operations. Non-credit components of the unrealized losses on available for sale securities will continue to be recognized in other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax. Unrealized losses reflected in the preceding tables have not been included in results of operations because the unrealized loss was not deemed other-than-temporary. Management has determined that more likely than not, the Company neither intends to sell, nor will it be required to sell each debt security before its anticipated recovery, and therefore recovery of cost will occur. 
    
  The Company holds   one   pooled trust preferred security as of September 30, 2016 that was acquired with the CBN acquisition. This security has an amortized cost and fair value of   $376   and a par value of   $500  .  This pooled trust preferred security is available-for-sale and carried at fair value.  
   
  NOTE 7 OFFICE PROPERTIES AND EQUIPMENT 
  Office properties and equipment at September 30 for each of the years shown below consisted of the following: 

Depreciation expense was $  1,071   and $  1,382   for the years ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively. 
   
  NOTE 8 INTANGIBLE ASSETS 
  Intangible assets consist of core deposit intangibles arising from various bank acquisitions. A summary of core deposit intangibles and related amortization for the periods shown below follows: 

At   September 30, 2016  , the estimated future aggregate amortization expense for the core deposit intangibles is as follows: 

88 

NOTE 9 DEPOSITS 
  The following is a summary of deposits by type at   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively: 

At   September 30, 2016  , the scheduled maturities of time deposits were as follows: 

Deposits from the Company s directors, executive officers, principal stockholders and their affiliates held by the Bank at   September 30, 2016   and   2015   amounted to   $789   and   $537  , respectively. 
   
  NOTE 10   FEDERAL HOME LOAN BANK ADVANCES AND OTHER BORROWINGS 
  A summary of Federal Home Loan Bank advances and other borrowings at   September 30, 2016   and   2015   is as follows: 

The Bank has an irrevocable Standby Letter of Credit Master Reimbursement Agreement with the Federal Home Loan Bank.  This irrevocable standby letter of credit ("LOC") is supported by loan collateral as an alternative to directly pledging investment securities on behalf of a municipal customer as collateral for their interest bearing deposit balances.  
  At   September 30, 2016  , the Bank s available and unused portion of this borrowing arrangement was approximately   $90,579  , compared to   $66,459   as of September 30, 2015. 
  
   89 

Maximum month-end amounts outstanding under this borrowing agreement were   $67,474   and   $58,891   during the   twelve months ended     September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively. 
  Each Federal Home Loan Bank advance is payable at the maturity date, with a prepayment penalty for fixed rate advances.  These advances are secured by   $206,743   of real estate mortgage loans. 
    
  On May 16, 2016, the Company entered into a Loan Agreement with First Tennessee Bank National 
  Association ("FTN") evidencing an   $11,000   term loan maturing on May 15, 2021.  The proceeds from the Loan were used by the Company for the sole purpose of financing the acquisition, by merger, of Community Bank of Northern Wisconsin.  The Loan bears interest based on LIBOR, and is payable in accordance with the terms and provisions of the term note. 
    
  On September 30, 2016, the Company entered into an Amended and Restated Loan Agreement with FTN whereby FTN extended a   $3,000   revolving line of credit to the Company for the purpose of financing its previously announced stock repurchase program.  At   September 30, 2016  , the available and unused portion of this borrowing arrangement was   $3,000  .  Under the stock repurchase program, the Company may repurchase up to   525,200   shares of its common stock or approximately   10%   of its current outstanding shares, from time to time through October 1, 2017.  As of    September 30, 2016  ,   0   shares have been repurchased.  
   
  NOTE 11 CAPITAL MATTERS 
  Banks and bank holding companies are subject to regulatory capital requirements administered by federal banking agencies. Capital adequacy guidelines and, additionally for banks, prompt corrective action regulations involve quantitative measures of assets, liabilities and certain off-balance-sheet items calculated under regulatory accounting practices. Capital amounts and classifications are also subject to qualitative judgments by regulators. Failure to meet capital requirements can initiate regulatory action. 
  Prompt corrective action regulations provide five classifications: well capitalized, adequately capitalized, undercapitalized, significantly undercapitalized, and critically undercapitalized.  Although these terms are not used to represent overall financial condition, if adequately capitalized, regulatory approval is required to accept brokered deposits. If undercapitalized, capital distributions are limited, as is asset growth and expansion, and capital restoration plans are required. Effective January 31, 2015, regulatory capital rules and ratios were revised according to the Basel III Risk Based Capital guidelines.  At   September 30, 2016  , the Bank was categorized as  Well Capitalized , under Prompt Corrective Action Provisions, as determined by the OCC, our primary regulator. 
  
   90 

The Bank s Tier 1 (leverage) and risk-based capital ratios at   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively, are presented below: 

The Company's Tier 1 (leverage) and risk-based capital ratios at   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively, are presented below: 

At   September 30, 2016  , the Company was categorized as  Well Capitalized , under Prompt Corrective Action Provisions. 
  
   91 

NOTE 12 COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES 
    
  Financial Instruments with Off-Balance-Sheet Risk   The Company is a party to financial instruments with off-balance-sheet risk in the normal course of business to meet the financing needs of its customers. These financial instruments include off-balance-sheet credit instruments consisting of commitments to make loans. The face amounts for these items represent the exposure to loss, before considering customer collateral or ability to repay. Such financial instruments are recorded when they are funded. 
    
  The Company s exposure to credit loss in the event of nonperformance by the other party to the financial instrument for commitments to extend credit is represented by the contract or notional amount of those instruments. The Company uses the same credit policies in making commitments and conditional obligations as it does for on-balance-sheet instruments. Set forth below are the balances of the Company s off-balance-sheet credit instruments consisting of commitments to make loans as of   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively. 

Loss Contingencies   Loss contingencies, including claims and legal actions arising in the ordinary course of business, are recorded as liabilities when the likelihood of loss is probable and an amount or range of loss can be reasonably estimated. 
  Leases   The Company leases certain branch facilities and its administrative offices under operating leases. Rent expense under these operating leases was   $1,341   and   $1,146   for the years ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively. None of the Company s leases contain contingent rental payments, purchase options, escalation or any other significant terms, conditions or restrictions that would affect the future minimum lease payments disclosed below. 
  Future minimum lease payments by year and in the aggregate under the original terms of the non-cancellable operating leases consist of the following: 

NOTE 13 RETIREMENT PLANS     
  401(k) Plan   The Company sponsors a 401(k) profit sharing plan that covers all employees who qualify based on minimum age and length of service requirements. Employees may make pretax voluntary contributions to the plan, which are  
  
   92 

matched, in part, by the Company. Employer matching contributions to the plan were   $194   and   $198   for   2016   and   2015  , respectively. 
  Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan and Director Retirement Plan    The Company maintained a Supplemental Benefit Plan For Key Employees ("SERP") which was an unfunded, unsecured, non-contributory defined benefit plan, providing retirement benefits for certain former key employees previously designated by the Company s Board of Directors.  Benefits under the SERP generally were based on such former employees  years of service and compensation during the years preceding their retirement.  In May 2009, any additional accrual of benefits under the SERP was suspended.   
    
  The Company also maintained a Directors  Retirement Plan ("DRP"), which was an unfunded, unsecured, non-contributory defined benefit plan, providing for supplemental pension benefits for its directors following their termination of service as a director of the Company. Benefits were based on a formula that included each participant s past and future earnings and years of service with Citizens.  Moreover, the benefit amounts owed by the Company under the DRP were determined by individual director agreements entered into by the Company with such participants. The remaining DRP liability related to current and former Directors of the Company. 
    
  The Company's Board of Directors voted to terminate each of the SERP and the DRP at its regularly scheduled Board meeting on November 19, 2015, with such termination being effective as of the same date.  In connection with the termination of each plan, the Board of Directors, in accordance with applicable law and each applicable participant s plan participation agreement, negotiated lump sum payments to the participants in satisfaction of the Company s total liability to each participant under the SERP and DRP.  In accordance with the final settlement of the Company s obligations under such plans, the Company will make   two   payments (each for   50%   of the total liability owed) to each plan participant.  The first payment will occur in December 2016 and the second and final payment will occur in January 2017.  
    
  In connection with the settlement of all obligations owed by the Company to the participants in the SERP and the DRP, the Company retained an independent consultant during the three months ended March 31, 2016 to perform an actuarial calculation of the final amount of the accumulated benefit owed by the Company to each plan participant.  In making this calculation, the consultant made certain assumptions regarding the applicable discount rate to be used and regarding certain other relevant factors to determine the amount of the benefit obligation due each participant, in each case taking into account the terms of each participant s negotiated plan benefit agreement and the terms of each plan.  Differences between the amount of the projected accrued benefit obligation previously recorded by the Company in its consolidated financial statements in connection with these plans and the actual amount of the benefit obligation to be paid to the participants, based upon the calculations of the independent consultant, is recorded in the aggregate as a     gain     of   $41   during the twelve months ended September 30, 2016 on the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Operations line item "Salaries and related benefits" as a reduction to the expense.  Moreover, as of September 30, 2016, the Company recorded a liability on the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets of   $1,046   for the aggregate amount of the benefit obligation due plan participants currently receiving monthly and quarterly payments and the final lump sum payment amounts due in December 2016 and January 2017. 
  The components of the SERP and Directors  Retirement plans  cost at   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively, are summarized as follows: 

The following table sets forth the SERP and Directors  Retirement plans, change in projected benefit obligation, the change in plan assets, the funded status of the plans, and the net liability recognized in the Company s consolidated balance sheet at   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively: 

93 

Weighted average assumptions used in determining the benefit obligation and net pension costs as of    September 30, 2016   and   2015  , (in actual dollars) were as follows: 

2016 
      
    2015 
      Benefit obligation actuarial assumptions: 

Discount Rate 
      
    N/A 

4.25 
    % 
      Rate of compensation increase 
      
    N/A 

N/A 
      
      Net pension cost actuarial assumption 

Discount rate 
      
    4.25 
    % 
      
    4.25 
    % 
      Expected long-term rate of return on plan assets 
      
    N/A 

N/A 
      
      Rate of compensation increase 
      
    N/A 

N/A 

Amounts recognized in consolidated balance sheets as of September 30: 

94 

NOTE 14 - STOCK-BASED COMPENSATION 
  In February 2005, the Company s stockholders approved the Company s 2004 Recognition and Retention Plan. This plan provides for the grant of up to   113,910   shares of the Company s common stock to eligible participants under this plan.  As of   September 30, 2016  ,   113,910   restricted shares under this plan were granted.  In February 2005, the Company s stockholders also approved the Company s 2004 Stock Option and Incentive Plan. This plan provides for the grant of nonqualified and incentive stock options and stock appreciation rights to eligible participants under the plan. The plan provides for the grant of awards for up to   284,778   shares of the Company s common stock.  As of   September 30, 2016  ,   284,778   options had been granted to eligible participants. 
  In February 2008, the Company s stockholders approved the Company s 2008 Equity Incentive Plan. The aggregate number of shares of common stock reserved and available for issuance under the 2008 Equity Incentive Plan is   597,605   shares. Under the Plan, the Compensation Committee may grant stock options and stock appreciation rights that, upon exercise, result in the issuance of   426,860   shares of the Company s common stock.  The Committee may also grant shares of restricted stock and restricted stock units for an aggregate of   170,745   shares of Company common stock under this plan.  As of   September 30, 2016  ,   44,091   restricted shares under this plan were granted.  As of   September 30, 2016  ,   150,000   options had been granted to eligible participants. 
  Restricted shares granted to date under these plans were awarded at no cost to the employee and vest pro rata over a   five  -year period from the grant date.  Options granted to date under these plans vest pro rata over a   five  -year period from the grant date. Unexercised, nonqualified stock options expire within   15   years of the grant date and unexercised incentive stock options expire within   10   years of the grant date.  
  Compensation expense related to restricted stock awards from both the 2004 Recognition and Retention Plan and the 2008 Equity Incentive Plan were   $46   and   $96   for the years ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively. 

The Company accounts for stock-based employee compensation related to the Company s 2004 Stock Option and Incentive Plan and the 2008 Equity Incentive Plan using the fair-value-based method. Accordingly, management records compensation expense based on the value of the award as measured on the grant date and then the Company recognizes that cost over the vesting period for the award. The compensation cost recognized for stock-based employee compensation from both plans for the years ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015   was   $33   and   $59  , respectively. 

95 

Information related to the 2004 Stock Option and Incentive Plan and 2008 Equity Incentive Plan during each year follows: 

Set forth below is a table showing relevant assumptions used in calculating stock option expense related to the Company s 2004 Stock Option and Incentive Plan and 2008 Equity Incentive Plan: 

96 

NOTE 15   INCOME TAXES 
  Income tax expense (benefit) for each of the periods shown below consisted of the following: 

The provision for income taxes differs from the amount of income tax determined by applying statutory federal income tax rates to pretax income as result of the following differences: 

97 

Deferred income taxes reflect the net tax effects of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for income tax purposes. The following is a summary of the significant components of the Company s deferred tax assets and liabilities as of   September 30, 2016   and   September 30, 2015  , respectively: 

The Company regularly reviews the carrying amount of its deferred tax assets to determine if the establishment of a valuation allowance is necessary, as further discussed in Note 1  Nature of Business and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies,  above. At   September 30, 2016   and   September 30, 2015  , respectively, management determined that   no   valuation allowance was necessary. 
  The Company s income tax returns are subject to review and examination by federal, state and local government authorities. As of   September 30, 2016  ,   years open to examination by the U.S. Internal Revenue Service include taxable years ended September 30, 2013 to present.   The years open to examination by state and local government authorities varies by jurisdiction. 
  The tax effects from uncertain tax positions can be recognized in the financial statements, provided the position is more likely than not to be sustained on audit, based on the technical merits of the position. The Company recognizes the financial statement benefit of a tax position only after determining that the relevant tax authority would more likely than not sustain the position following an audit. For tax positions meeting the more-likely-than-not threshold, the amount recognized in the financial statements is the largest benefit that has a greater than   50 percent   likelihood of being realized, upon ultimate settlement with the relevant tax authority. The Company applied the foregoing accounting standard to all of its tax positions for which the statute of limitations remained open as of the date of the accompanying consolidated financial statements. 
  The Company s policy is to recognize interest and penalties related to income tax issues as components of other noninterest expense. During the   twelve months ended     September 30, 2016   and   2015  , the Company recognized penalties and interest expense in the amount of   $24   and   $0  , respectively, related to income tax issues which is included in other noninterest expense in its consolidated statements of operations. The Company had a recorded liability of $24 and $0, which is included in other liabilities  in its consolidated balance sheets, for the payment of interest and penalties related to income tax issues as of   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively.  The Company will be filing amended federal and state tax returns for the twelve months ended September 30, 2015 and 2014. 

98 

NOTE 16 EARNINGS PER SHARE 
  Earnings per share is based on the weighted average number of shares outstanding for the year. A reconciliation of the basic and diluted earnings per share for the last three fiscal years is as follows: 

99 

NOTE 17   OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
  The following table shows the tax effects allocated to each component of other comprehensive income for the years ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  : 

The changes in the accumulated balances for each component of other comprehensive income for the years ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015   were as follows: 

Reclassifications out of accumulated other comprehensive income for the twelve months ended   September 30, 2016   were as follows: 
                           Details about Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Components 
      
    Amounts Reclassified from Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) 
    (1) 
    Affected Line Item on the Statement of Operations 
      Unrealized gains and losses 

Sale of securities 
      
    $ 
    63 

Net gain on sale of available for sale securities 
      Tax effect 
      
    (25 
    ) 
      
    Provision for income taxes 
      Total reclassifications for the period 
      
    $ 
    38 

Net income attributable to common shareholders 

(1)      Amounts in parentheses indicate decreases to profit/loss. 
  Reclassifications out of accumulated other comprehensive income for the twelve months ended   September 30, 2015   were as follows: 
                           Details about Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Components 
      
    Amounts Reclassified from Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) 
    (1) 
    Affected Line Item on the Statement of Operations 
      Unrealized gains and losses 

Sale of securities 
      
    $ 
    60 

Net gain on sale of available for sale securities 
      Tax effect 
      
    (24 
    ) 
      
    Provision for income taxes 
      Total reclassifications for the period 
      
    $ 
    36 

Net income attributable to common shareholders 

(1)      Amounts in parentheses indicate decreases to profit/loss. 
  
   100 

NOTE 18 CONDENSED FINANCIAL INFORMATION   PARENT COMPANY ONLY 
    
  The following condensed balance sheets as of   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , and condensed statements of operations and cash flows for each of the years in the two-year period ended   September 30, 2016  , for Citizens Community Bancorp, Inc. should be read in conjunction with the accompanying consolidated financial statements and the notes thereto. 
    
  CONDENSED BALANCE SHEETS 
  September 30, 

STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

101 

STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
  None. 

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
  Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
  We maintain disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934) that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the reports that we file or submit under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission s rules and forms, and that the information required to be disclosed in reports that we file or submit under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
  As of   September 30, 2016  , under the supervision of the Audit Committee and with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, management has evaluated the effectiveness of the design and operations of the Company's disclosure controls and procedures. Based on that evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that the Company's disclosure controls and procedures were not effective as of   September 30, 2016  . 
  As a result of the material weakness in internal control over financial reporting discussed in the report of management required, which is included under Item 8 of this report along with the Company s consolidated financial statements under the heading  Report by Citizens Community Bancorp, Inc. s Management on Internal Control over Financial Reporting  and is incorporated herein by reference. 
  This Annual Report on Form 10-K does not include an attestation report of the Company s independent registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. Management s report was not subject to attestation by the Company s independent registered public accounting firm pursuant to rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission that permit the Company to provide only management s report in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
  
   102 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
  There was no change in the Company s internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended) during the Company s most recently completed fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 
   
  ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 
  None. 
   
  PART III 
   
  ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
  Information with respect to this item is incorporated herein by reference to the discussion under the heading  Proposal 1: Election of Directors,   Executive Officers,   Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance,   Corporate Governance   Director Nominations ,  Audit Committee Matters   Audit Committee Financial Expert , and  Corporate Governance Matters   Code of Business Conduct and Ethics  in the Company s Proxy Statement for the   2017   Annual Meeting of Stockholders, which will be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on or before January 28,   2017  . 
  The Audit Committee of the Company s Board of Directors is an  audit committee  for purposes of Section 3(a)(58)(A) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. The members of the Audit Committee consist of the following three outside independent directors: David Westrate (Chairman), Richard McHugh and Brian Schilling. 

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
  The information with respect to this item is incorporated herein by reference to the discussion under the headings  Directors  Meetings and Committees   Compensation Committee ,  Director Compensation  and  Executive Compensation  in the Company s Proxy Statement for the   2017   Annual Meeting of Stockholders, which will be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on or before January 28,   2017  . 

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
  Information with respect to this item is incorporated herein by reference to the discussion under the heading  Security Ownership  in the Company s Proxy Statement for the   2017   Annual Meeting of Stockholders, which will be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on or before January 28,   2017  . 
  Equity Compensation Plan Information 
  The following table sets forth information as of   September 30, 2016  , with respect to compensation plans under which shares of common stock were issued or available to be issued: 

Number of 
  Common Shares 
  to Be Issued 
  Upon Exercise of 
  Outstanding Options, 
      
    Weighted-average 
  Exercise Price of 
  Outstanding Options, 
      
    Number of 
  Common Shares 
  Available for 
  Future Issuance 
  Under Equity 
      Plan Category 
      
    Warrants and Rights 
      
    Warrants and Rights 
      
    Compensation Plans 
      Equity compensation plans approved by security holders 
      
    140,706 

$ 
    8.67 

403,514 
      
      Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders 

Total 
      
    140,706 

$ 
    8.67 

403,514 

103 

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
  Information with respect to this item is incorporated herein by reference to the discussion under the headings  Transactions with Related Persons  and  Corporate Governance Matters   Director Independence  in the Company s Proxy Statement for the   2017   Annual Meeting of Stockholders, which will be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on or before January 28,   2017  . 

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 
  Information with respect to this item is incorporated herein by reference to the discussion under the heading  Audit Committee Matters   Fees of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm  in the Company s Proxy Statement for the   2017   Annual Meeting of Stockholders, which will be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on or before January 28,   2017  . 

PART IV 
   
  ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
  (a)(1) Financial Statements: 
  The following financial statements of the Company are included in Item 8 of this Form 10-K annual report: 
  Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (Baker Tilly Virchow Krause, LLP) 
  Consolidated Balance Sheets as of   September 30, 2016   and   2015    
  Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Years Ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015    
  Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) for the Years Ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015    
  Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders  Equity for the Years Ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015 
  Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015 
  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
  (a)(2) Financial Statement Schedules: 
  All financial statement schedules have been omitted as the information is not required under the related instructions or is not applicable or has otherwise been included in the financial statements or notes hereto. 
  (a)(3) Exhibits 

104 

10.2+ 
    Citizens Community Bancorp, Inc. 2004 Recognition and Retention Plan. (Filed as an exhibit to the Company s registration statement filed on June 30, 2006 (File No. 333-135527) pursuant to Section 5 of the Securities Act of 1933 and incorporated herein by reference.) 
      10.3+ 
    Citizens Community Bancorp, Inc. Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan. (Filed as an exhibit to the Company s registration statement filed on June 30, 2006 (File No. 333-135527) pursuant to Section 5 of the Securities Act of 1933 and incorporated herein by reference.) 
      10.4 
    Citizens Community Bancorp, Inc. Tax Allocation Agreement. (Filed as an exhibit to the Company s annual report on Form 10-KSB for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2004 and incorporated herein by reference.) 
      10.5+ 
    Citizens Community Bancorp, Inc. 2008 Equity Incentive Plan. (Filed as an exhibit to the Company s registration statement on Form S-8 filed on August 28, 2013 (File No. 333-190877) and incorporated herein by reference.) 
      10.6+ 
    Employment Agreement by and between Edward H. Schaefer and Citizens Community Federal dated effective as of October 28, 2013.  (Filed as Exhibit 99.1 to the Company's current report on Form 8-K dated as of November 1, 2013 and incorporated herein by reference.) 
      10.7+ 
    Employment Agreement by and between Mark C. Oldenberg and Citizens Community Federal dated effective as of October 28, 2013. (Filed as Exhibit 99.2 to the Company's current report on Form 8-K dated as of November 1, 2013 and incorporated herein by reference.) 
      10.8+ 
    Form of Restricted Stock Grant Agreement under the Citizens Community Bancorp, Inc. 2004 Recognition and Retention Plan. (Filed as Exhibit 10.7 to the Company s annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended as of September 30, 2010 and incorporated herein by reference.) 
      10.9+ 
    Form of Incentive Stock Option Agreement under the Citizens Community Bancorp, Inc. 2004 Stock Option and Incentive Plan. (Filed as Exhibit 10.8 to the Company s annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended as of September 30, 2010 and incorporated herein by reference.) 
      10.10+ 
    Form of Restricted Stock Grant Agreement under the Citizens Community Bancorp, Inc. 2008 Equity Incentive Plan.  (Filed as Exhibit 10.12 to the Company s annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended as of September 30, 2014 and incorporated herein by reference.) 
      10.11+ 
    Form of Stock Option Agreement under the Citizens Community Bancorp, Inc. 2008 Equity Incentive Plan.  (Filed as Exhibit 10.12 to the Company s annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended as of September 30, 2014 and incorporated herein by reference.) 
      10.12+ 
    First Amendment to Employment Agreement by and between Edward H. Schaefer and Citizens Community Federal dated as of March 3, 2015.  (Filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's current report on Form 8-K dated as of March 5, 2015 and incorporated herein by reference.) 
      10.13+ 
    First Amendment to Employment Agreement by and between Mark C. Oldenberg and Citizens Community Federal dated as of March 3, 2015.  (Filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's current report on Form 8-K dated as of March 5, 2015 and incorporated herein by reference.) 
      10.14 
    Loan Agreement between Citizens Community Bancorp, Inc. and First Tennessee Bank National Association dated May 16, 2016 (Filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s current report on Form 8-K dated May 18, 2016 and incorporated by reference herein). 
      10.15 
    Pledge and Security Agreement between Citizens Community Bancorp, Inc. and First Tennessee Bank National Association dated May 16, 2016. (Filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s current report on Form 8-K dated May 18, 2016 and incorporated by reference herein). 
      10.16+ 
    Executive Employment Agreement between Citizens Community Bancorp, Inc. and Stephen Bianchi dated June 24, 2016. (Filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s current report on Form 8-K dated June 30, 2016).  
      10.17 
    Amended and Restated Loan Agreement by and between Citizens Community Bancorp, Inc. and First Tennessee Bank National Association dated September 30, 2016.  
      10.18 
    Amended and Restated Pledge and Security Agreement by and between Citizens Community Bancorp, Inc. and First Tennessee Bank National Association dated September 30, 2016.  
      10.19 
    Employment Agreement between Citizens Community Federal and Citizens Community Bancorp, Inc. and Mark C. Oldenberg entered into on October 4, 2016 and effective January 1, 2017.  (Filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s current report on Form 8-K dated October 6, 2016). 
      14 
    Citizens Community Bancorp, Inc. Code of Conduct and Ethics. (Filed as Exhibit 14 to the Company s annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended as of September 30, 2010 and incorporated herein by reference.) 
      21 
    Subsidiaries of the Company as of September 30, 2015. (Filed as Exhibit 21 to the Company s annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended as of September 30, 2010 and incorporated herein by reference.) 

105 

23 
    Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (Baker Tilly Virchow Krause, LLP). 
      31.1 
    Rule 13a-15(e) Certification of the Company s Chief Executive Officer 
      31.2 
    Rule 13a-15(e) Certification of the Company s Chief Financial Officer 
      32.1* 
    Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 (Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002). 
      101 
    The following materials from Citizens Community Bancorp, Inc. s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2016 formatted in XBRL (eXtensible Business Reporting Language) and furnished electronically herewith: (i) Consolidated Balance Sheets; (ii) Consolidated Statements of Operations; (iii) Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss); (iv) Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders  Equity; (iv) Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows; and (v) Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

+ 
    A management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement 
      * 
    This certification is not  filed  for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

106 

SIGNATURES 
  Pursuant to the requirements of Section13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

CITIZENS COMMUNITY BANCORP, INC. 

Date: December 29, 2016 
      
    By: 
      
    /s/ Stephen M. Bianchi 

Stephen M. Bianchi 

Chief Executive Officer 

Date: December 29, 2016 
      
    By: 
      
    /s/ Mark C. Oldenberg 

Mark C. Oldenberg 

Chief Financial Officer 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Date: December 29, 2016 
       
    By: 
      
    /s/ Richard McHugh 

Richard McHugh 
  Chairman of the Board 

Date: December 29, 2016 
       
    By: 
      
    /s/ Stephen M. Bianchi 

Stephen M. Bianchi 
  Chief Executive Officer 
  (Principal Executive Officer) 

Date: December 29, 2016 
       
    By: 
      
    /s/ Michael L. Swenson 

Michael L. Swenson 
  Director 

Date: December 29, 2016 
       
    By: 
      
    /s/ James R. Lang 

James R. Lang 
  Director 

Date: December 29, 2016 
       
    By: 
      
    /s/ Brian R. Schilling 

Brian R. Schilling 
  Director and Treasurer 

Date: December 29, 2016 
       
    By: 
      
    /s/ David B. Westrate 

David B. Westrate 
  Director 

Date: December 29, 2016 
       
    By: 
      
    /s/ Timothy A. Nettesheim 

Timothy A. Nettesheim 
  Vice Chairman of the Board 

Date: December 29, 2016 
       
    By: 
      
    /s/ Mark C. Oldenberg 

Mark C. Oldenberg 
  Chief Financial Officer 
  (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 

107 

<EX-10.17>
 2
 czwi-20160930xex1017.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.17

Exhibit 

AMENDED AND RESTATED LOAN AGREEMENT 
    
  THIS AMENDED AND RESTATED LOAN AGREEMENT   (as amended, restated or supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, hereinafter called the    Agreement   ) made and entered into this  30   th    day of September, 2016,  (   Closing Date   ) by and between   CITIZENS COMMUNITY BANCORP, INC  ., a Maryland corporation, (hereinafter called    Borrower   ) and   FIRST TENNESSEE BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION  , a national banking association having its principal office located in Memphis, Tennessee (   Lender   ). 
    
  W I T N E S S E T H : 
    
  WHEREAS, Citizens Community Federal National Association, a federally-chartered national banking association and a wholly-owned subsidiary of Borrower (the "  Bank  "),  previously entered into a Plan and Agreement of Merger dated February 10, 2016, as amended by First Amendment to Plan and Agreement of Merger dated May 13, 2016 (the "  Merger Agreement  ") with Old Murry Bancorp, Inc., a Wisconsin corporation ("  Old Murry  "), and Community Bank of Northern Wisconsin, a state bank duly organized and existing under the laws of the State of Wisconsin ("  CBNW  "), pursuant to which CBNW merged with and into Bank  and continued under the charter of the Bank (the "  Merger  ") with Bank remaining as the surviving banking organization of both Bank and CBNW;  
    
  WHEREAS, in order to finance the Merger, the Borrower entered into a Loan Agreement with Lender dated May 16, 2016 for a term loan in the amount of Eleven Million and 00/100 Dollars ($11,000,000.00) (   Term Loan    
    
  WHEREAS, in order to finance a stock repurchase, Borrower requested to enter into an Amended and Restated Loan Agreement with Lender for a revolving loan in the amount of Three Million and 00/100 Dollars ($3,000,000.00) (   Revolving Loan    and together with the Term Loan, the    Loans   ) and Lender agreed to make the Revolving Loan on the terms and conditions hereinafter set forth; 
    
  WHEREAS, Borrower and Lender wish to enter into this Amended and Restated Loan Agreement to set forth certain terms of the Revolving Loan and to secure the Loans by a pledge of one million (1,000,000) shares of common stock of the Bank evidenced by Stock Certificate No. 1, which constitutes one hundred percent (100%) of the outstanding shares of the Bank.  
    
  NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the promises and the mutual agreements, covenants and conditions herein contained, the receipt and sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto intending to be legally bound hereby agree as follows: 
    
  AGREEMENTS 
    
  1.  AMOUNT AND TERMS OF BORROWINGS  . 
  
   1 

1.1        Defined Terms  .  Any capitalized term used but not defined in the body of this Agreement shall have the meaning set forth on   Appendix A   attached hereto and incorporated herein by reference. 
  1.2        Loans  .   
  (a)        Lender hereby agrees to lend, and Borrower hereby agrees to borrow, upon the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement, the sum of up to Three Million and 00/100 Dollars ($3,000,000.00) on a revolving basis, as the Revolving Loan, to be evidenced by a revolving credit note (the    Revolving Credit Note   ) of even date herewith, in the form as set forth in   Exhibit A   and included herein by reference.  The Revolving Loan shall bear interest and be payable in accordance with the terms and provisions of the Revolving Credit Note.  The Revolving Loan shall expire and mature, and the outstanding principal balance of the Revolving Loan and all accrued interest thereon shall be due and payable, on the Revolving Loan Termination Date.   
  (b)        The Term Loan was advanced on May 16, 2016 and is evidenced by a promissory note in the principal amount of Eleven Million and 00/100 Dollars ($11,000,000.00) dated May 16, 2016 (the    Term Note   ). The Term Loan shall expire and mature, and the outstanding principal balance of the Term Loan and all accrued interest thereon shall be due and payable, on the Term Loan Maturity Date. The Term Note and the Revolving Credit Note are referred to herein as the    Notes  .   
  1.3        Collateral  . All indebtedness and obligations of Borrower to Lender under this Agreement shall be secured by Lender s lien and security interest in the Collateral.  The pledging of such Collateral shall be evidenced by the Amended and Restated Pledge Agreement (   Pledge Agreement   ).  Borrower agrees that all of the rights of Lender with regard to the Pledge Agreement set forth in this Agreement shall apply to any modification of, or supplement to this Agreement. 
  1.4        Fees  .   
  (a)    A loan origination fee in the amount of Four Thousand Five Hundred and 00/100 Dollars ($4,500) shall be paid by Borrower to Lender on or before the Closing Date.  Borrower agrees that this fee is fair and reasonable considering the condition of the money market, the creditworthiness of the Borrower, the interest rate to be paid, and the nature of the security for the Loans. 
  1.5        Intentionally Omitted. 
  1.6        Increased Costs Generally  . 
  (a)        If any Change in Law shall: 
  (i)        impose, modify or deem applicable any reserve, special deposit, compulsory loan, insurance charge or similar requirement against assets of, deposits with or for the account of, or advances, loans or other credit extended or participated in by, the Lender; 
  
   2 
  22 
  8206709.7 

(ii)        subject the Lender to any tax of any kind whatsoever with respect to this Agreement, or any Loans made by it, or change the basis of taxation of payments to such Lender in respect thereof; or 
  (iii)        impose on the Lender any other condition, cost or expense affecting this Agreement or the Loans made by the Lender; 
  and the result of any of the foregoing shall be to increase the cost to the Lender of making, converting to, continuing or maintaining the Loans (or of maintaining its obligations to make the Loans), or to increase the cost to the Lender of issuing or maintaining any letter of credit (or of maintaining its obligation to participate in or to issue any letter of credit), or to reduce the amount of any sum received or receivable by the Lender hereunder (whether of principal, interest or any other amount) then, upon at least forty-five (45) days written notice from Lender, the Borrower shall promptly pay to the Lender such additional amount or amounts as will compensate the Lender for such additional costs incurred or reductions suffered after the expiration of the forty-five (45) day period. 
  (b)        Capital Requirements  .  If Lender determines that any Change in Law affecting the Lender or Lender s holding company, if any, regarding capital requirements, has or would have the effect of reducing the rate of return on the Lender s capital or on the capital of the Lender s holding company, if any, as a consequence of this Agreement, the commitment of the Lender hereunder or the Loans made by the Lender hereunder, to a level below that which the Lender or the Lender s holding company could have achieved but for such Change in Law (taking into consideration the Lender s policies and the policies of the Lender s holding company with respect to capital adequacy), then from time to time upon at least forty-five (45) days written notice from the Lender, the Borrower shall promptly pay to the Lender such additional amount or amounts as will compensate the Lender or the Lender s holding company for any such reduction suffered after the expiration of such forty-five (45) day period. 
  (c)        Certificates for Reimbursement  .  A certificate of the Lender setting forth the amount or amounts necessary to compensate the Lender or its holding company, as the case may be, as specified in this Section and delivered to Borrower, shall be conclusive absent manifest error.  The Borrower shall pay the amount shown as due on any such certificate within ten (10) days after receipt thereof. 
  (d)        Delay in Requests  .  Failure or delay on the part of Lender to demand compensation pursuant to this Section shall not constitute a waiver of Lender s right to demand such compensation;   provided   that the Borrower shall not be required to compensate a Lender pursuant to this Section for any increased costs incurred or reductions suffered more than six (6) months prior to the date that the Lender, as the case may be, notifies the Borrower of the Change in Law giving rise to such increased costs or reductions, and of the Lender's intention to claim compensation therefor (except that if the Change in Law giving rise to such increased costs or reductions is retroactive, then the 6-month period referred to above shall not be extended to include the period of retroactive effect thereof). 
  
   3 
  33 
  8206709.7 

(e)        Limitations  .    Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of Section 1.6, Borrower shall not be required to so reimburse Lender (i) unless Lender, at the time of the request for reimbursement, is generally assessing such amounts on a nondiscriminatory basis against similarly-situated borrowers under its other loan agreements that have similar increased costs provisions., or (ii) if the increased costs to Lender giving rise to such demand for reimbursement by Borrower are a result of the imposition by a Governmental Entity of fines or penalties against Lender for Lender s non-compliance with applicable laws or regulations.  
  2.        USE OF PROCEEDS  . 
  2.1        Use of Loan Proceeds  .  The proceeds of the Term Loan were used by the Borrower for the sole purpose of financing the acquisition of CBNW in the Merger. The proceeds of the Revolving Loan shall be used for the sole purpose of financing a stock repurchase.  
     
  2.2        The Commitment  .    Subject to the terms and conditions herein set out, the Lender agrees and commits, from time to time, from the Closing Date until the Revolving Loan Termination Date, to make loan advances to the Borrower in an aggregate principal amount not to exceed, at any one time outstanding, Three Million and 00/100 Dollars ($3,000,000.00).  
  2.3        Funding the Revolving Loan; Extending Credit  . Each loan advance of the Revolving Loan hereunder shall be made upon request by an Authorized Agent of the Borrower (which may be made by facsimile, by pdf  or other electronic means, or verbally (promptly followed by written request by one of the foregoing means)) and shall be made by depositing the same to the checking account of the Borrower, or in such other manner as Borrower and Lender may, from time to time, agree.   The Borrower agrees that the Lender shall have no liability or responsibility to identify any party who makes any verbal request or electronic submission for any of said banking transactions; but the Lender shall be fully and completely protected in acting upon any such verbal request or electronic submission made by any party who identifies himself as one of the Authorized Agents of the Borrower.  Any electronic submission shall be by e-mail or by facsimile and shall be deemed to have been made and certified by an Authorized Agent by the applicable method as follows: (i) if the e-mail received by the Bank shows it was sent from the Authorized Agent's e-mail address as set forth herein, or (ii) if  the facsimile sent to the Lender is signed by the Authorized Agent.  
  2.4        Repayments and Re-borrowing  . The Borrower shall be permitted from time to time to make repayments and, in accordance with the terms and provisions hereof, to obtain further extensions of credit on the Revolving Loan in order to finance stock repurchases. 
  3.        CONDITIONS OF LENDING  .   
  Except for Lender s obligation to disburse the Term Loan, which Lender disbursed on May 16, 2016, the obligation of Lender to fund the initial Revolving Loan advance or extend any loan or credit to Borrower under this Agreement or to make any Revolving Loan disbursements is subject to the strict satisfaction of each of the following conditions: 
  
   4 
  44 
  8206709.7 

3.1        No Defaults; Certificate  .  Borrower and the Bank shall be in full compliance with all the terms and conditions of this Agreement, and no Event of Default, nor any event which upon notice or lapse of time or both would constitute such an Event of Default, shall have occurred.  At Lender s request, Lender shall have received from Borrower and the Bank a certificate, in form and content reasonably acceptable to Lender dated as of and delivered on the Closing Date, certifying that (1) the representations and warranties set forth herein, and the exhibits attached hereto, are accurate, true and correct on and as of such date, (2) show that neither the transactions contemplated hereby or by any other Loan Document will cause or result in any violation of (or creation of any right in third parties under the provisions of) any laws restricting or otherwise regulating the use, application or distribution of corporate funds and assets, and (3) that no Event of Default nor any event which upon notice or lapse of time or both would constitute such an Event of Default, exists. 
  3.2        Accuracy of Representations and Warranties  .  At the time of the initial Revolving Loan disbursement and any subsequent Revolving Loan disbursement, the representations and warranties set forth herein and in any other Loan Document shall be true and correct; provided, however, that if a representation or warranty, by its express terms, relates to a specific date or dates on or prior to the date hereof, then the accuracy of such representation and warranty shall not be evaluated at the time of any subsequent Revolving Loan disbursement.  
  3.3        Corporate Action and Authority  .  The Borrower shall have delivered to Lender: (i) a certificate from the Secretary of State of Maryland that Borrower is in good standing and certificates from the Secretaries of State and of each other State in which the Borrower owns any property (Michigan, Minnesota, and Wisconsin), has stationed any employees or agents, or otherwise conducts business, certifying the Borrower s good standing as a corporation in each such State; (ii) a copy of the Resolutions passed by the Borrower s Board of Directors authorizing the execution and delivery of the performance of Borrower s obligations under the Loan Documents certified by the Secretary or Assistant Secretary to be true and correct; and (iii) a certificate or certificates, dated as of and delivered on the date of the execution of this Agreement and signed on behalf of the Borrower by the Secretary or Assistant Secretary, certifying the names of the officers authorized to execute and deliver the Loan Documents on behalf of the Borrower, together with the original, not photocopied, signatures of each officer.  Borrower shall also deliver the same items specified in (i) above pertaining to the Bank from the appropriate regulatory agency. 
  3.4        Delivery of Notes, Loan Agreement, Pledge Agreement, and Stock Certificates  .  At the time of the extension of the Revolving Loan, Borrower shall have delivered the Loan Documents.  The security interest in the Collateral shall be prior to all other liens. 
  3.5        Proceedings  .  The Loan Documents, upon their execution, and all proceedings in connection with the authorization, execution and delivery of and the performance of the obligations under the Loan Documents shall be satisfactory in substance and form to Lender. 
  3.6        Payment of Fees and Expenses  .  Borrower shall have paid, at or prior to the date of the extension of the Revolving Loan, all costs and expenses in accordance with   Section 8.9  , to the extent then determined by Lender. 
  
   5 
  55 
  8206709.7 

3.7        Other Writings  .  The Lender shall receive such other agreements, instruments, documents, certificates, affidavits and other writings as Lender may reasonably require. 
  3.8        Intentionally Omitted. 
  3.9        Financial Statements  .  Prior to any disbursement under the Revolving Loan, Borrower shall have delivered to Lender, true and exact copies of the current financial statements of the Borrower, the Bank and all other Subsidiaries, for the quarter ending June 30, 2016 and audit report and opinion of  the Borrower s independent accounting firm, with respect thereto (it being understood that Lender is relying upon such audit report and opinion in entering into this Agreement), the unaudited financial statements of Borrower as of June 30, 2016 and the 2015 F.R. Y-6 Annual Report and F.R. Y-9 Parent Company only (and Consolidated, if applicable) financial statement(s) filed by Borrower with the Federal Reserve.     
  3.10        Intentionally Omitted.  
  3.11        Intentionally Omitted.  
  3.12        No Material Adverse Change  .  At the time the Revolving Loan is funded hereunder, there shall have occurred, in the opinion of Lender, no material adverse changes in the condition, financial or otherwise, of Borrower or Bank from that reflected in the financial statements furnished pursuant to Section 3.9 hereof or furnished to Lender from time to time hereafter as required herein. 
  3.13        Conditions Precedent to All Credit Extensions  . The obligation of the Lender to extend credit or make loan advances pursuant hereto (including the initial advance of the Revolving Loan at the Closing Date) shall be subject to the following additional conditions precedent: 
  (a)        The Borrower shall have furnished to the Lender each of the items referred to in Section Three hereof, all of which shall remain in full force and effect as of the date of such requested credit extension or loan advance (notwithstanding that the Lender may not have required any such item to be furnished prior to the Closing Date). 
  (b)        The Borrower shall not be in default of any of the terms and provisions hereof or of any instrument or document now or at any time hereafter evidencing or securing all or any part of the Loans, indebtedness, and extensions of credit. Each of the Warranties and Representations of the Borrower, as set out in Section Four hereof shall remain true and correct in all material respects as of the date of such Revolving Loan advance. 
  4.        REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES  . 
  In order to induce the Lender to enter into this Agreement and to make the Loans, the Borrower represents and warrants to the Lender (which representations and warranties shall survive the delivery of the Loan Documents and the funding of the Loans) that:   
    
  4.1        Corporate Status  .  Borrower is a corporation duly organized and existing under the laws of the State of Maryland, is duly qualified to do business and is in good standing under the  
  
   6 
  66 
  8206709.7 

laws of other states where the Borrower does business, if any, and has the corporate power and authority to own its properties and assets and conduct its affairs and business. 
  4.2        Corporate Power and Authority  .  Borrower has full power and authority to enter into this Agreement, to borrow funds as contemplated herein, to execute and deliver this Agreement, the Notes and other Loan Documents executed and delivered by it, and to incur the obligations provided for herein, all of which have been duly authorized by all proper and necessary corporate action; and the officer executing each of the Loan Documents is duly authorized to do so by all necessary corporate action.  Any consents or approval of shareholders or directors of Borrower, or any other party (including without limitation any regulatory agency or authority) required as a condition to the execution, delivery, or validity of any Loan Document have been obtained; and each of said Loan Documents is the valid, legal, and binding obligation of Borrower enforceable in accordance with its terms. 
  4.3        No Violation of Agreements or Law  .  Neither Borrower, Bank, nor any other Subsidiary of Borrower is in material default under any indenture, agreement or instrument to which it is a party or by which it may be bound, nor in violation of any state or federal statute, rule, ruling, or regulation governing its operations and the conduct of its business, operations or financial condition of Borrower, Bank, or any other Subsidiary.  Neither the execution and delivery of the Loan Documents nor the consummation of the transactions herein contemplated, or compliance with the provisions hereof will conflict with, or result in the breach of, or constitute a default under, any indenture, agreement or other instrument to which Borrower is a party or by which it may be bound, or result in the creation or imposition of any lien, charge or encumbrance upon any of the property of Borrower, or violate or be in conflict with any provision of the charter or bylaws of Borrower, the Bank or any other Subsidiary. 
  4.4        Compliance With Law; Government Approvals  . 
  (a)        Borrower has complied and is complying with all requirements, made all applications, and submitted all reports required by The Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, as amended, and any regulations or rulings issued in connection therewith, and the transaction contemplated hereby will not violate any such statutes, rules, rulings, or regulations nor will the consummation of said actions and transactions cause Borrower to be in violation thereof.  Borrower has, if required, made all filings and received all governmental or regulatory approvals necessary for the consummation of the transactions described herein, including without limitation the approval of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System. 
  (b)        Borrower has complied and is complying with all other applicable state or federal statutes, rules, rulings and regulations.  The borrowing of money and said actions and transactions required hereunder will not violate any of such statutes, rules, rulings, or regulations.   
  4.5        Litigation  .  There are no actions, suits or proceedings pending or, to the Knowledge of the Borrower threatened against the Borrower, the Bank or any other Subsidiary before any court, arbitrator or governmental or administrative body or agency which, if adversely determined, would result in any material and adverse change in the financial condition, business operation, or properties or assets of the Borrower, the Bank, or any other Subsidiary except as set forth in   Exhibit C  .   
  
   7 
  77 
  8206709.7 

4.6        Supervisory Action  .  Neither Borrower, the Bank nor any other Subsidiary is subject to any Supervisory Action by any federal or state bank regulatory authority, except as set forth on   Schedule 4.6   attached hereto and incorporated by reference herein.   
  4.7        Financial Condition  .  The balance sheets and the related statements of income of Borrower, the Bank, and the other Subsidiaries and the financial reports of Borrower, the Bank, and the other Subsidiaries which will be delivered to Lender pursuant to   Section 3.9   hereof are, or will be as of their respective dates and for the respective periods stated therein, complete and correctly and fairly present the financial condition of Borrower, the Bank, and the other Subsidiaries, and the results of their operations, respectively, as of the dates and for the periods stated therein, and have been, or will be as of their respective dates and for the respective periods stated therein, prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles consistently applied throughout the period involved and consistent with that of the preceding fiscal year or period, as the case may be.  Other than immaterial liabilities of the Borrower, the Bank, or any other Subsidiary incurred in the ordinary course of business and consistent with prior practice, there are no liabilities of the Borrower, the Bank, or any other Subsidiary not included in such financial statements.  There has been no material adverse change in the business, properties or condition of Borrower, the Bank, or the other Subsidiaries since the date of the financial statement furnished to Lender pursuant to   Section 3.9   hereof. 
  4.8        Tax Liability  .  Borrower, the Bank, and the other Subsidiaries have filed all federal, state and other tax returns, which are required to be filed by them, and have paid all taxes which have become due pursuant to such returns or pursuant to any assessments received by Borrower, the Bank, and the other Subsidiaries. 
  4.9        Subsidiaries  .  Borrower has no Subsidiaries and owns stock in no corporation or banking association other than the Subsidiaries listed in   Exhibit D  .   
  4.10        Bank Stock  .  The common stock of the Bank owned by Borrower or any other Subsidiary of Borrower is duly authorized and validly issued by the Bank or other Subsidiary.  The total number of shares of common stock of the Bank and each other Subsidiary issued and outstanding as of the date hereof  are all owned by Borrower, the Bank or other Subsidiaries of Borrower.  Except for liens in favor of Lender pursuant to the Pledge Agreement or as set forth in   Section 6.2   hereof or on   Exhibit E  , the stock of the Bank and each other Subsidiary is free and clear of all liens, encumbrances, security interests; said common stock is fully paid and non-assessable. There are no outstanding warrants or options to acquire any common stock of the Bank and any other Subsidiary.  There are no outstanding securities convertible or exchangeable into shares of common stock of any Subsidiary; and there are no restrictions on the transfer or pledge of any shares of common stock of any Subsidiary, except as set forth in   Section 6.2   hereof or on   Exhibit E  .  Borrower has the right to pledge and transfer the Collateral and assign the income therefrom without obtaining the consent of any other person or authority except as set forth in   Section 6.2   hereof or on     Exhibit E  ; and the Pledge Agreement creates for the benefit of Lender a first lien security interest in the Collateral subject to no other interests or claims. 
  4.11        Title to Assets; Liens  .  Borrower and Bank each have good and marketable title to all its respective properties and assets reflected on the financial statements referred to herein, except  
  
   8 
  88 
  8206709.7 

for (i) such assets as have been disposed of since said date as no longer used or useful in the conduct of business and (ii) items which have been amortized in accordance with GAAP applied on a consistent basis.  There are no liens or any assets of the Borrower, the Bank or any other Subsidiaries other than as set forth in   Section 6.2   hereof or as disclosed on   Exhibit E  .   
  4.12        Options, Warrants, Etc. Related to Shares  .  Except as set forth in   Exhibit F  , there are no options, warrants or other rights agreements or commitments (including conversion rights and preemptive rights) obligating the Borrower, the Bank, or any Subsidiary to issue, sell, purchase or redeem shares of the Borrower, the Bank, or any other Subsidiary or securities convertible to such shares. 
  4.13        Environmental Laws  .   
  (a)        The Borrower and each of its Subsidiaries have obtained all permits, licenses, and other authorizations which are required under all Environmental Laws and are in compliance in all respects with all applicable Environmental Laws. 
  (b)        On or prior to the date hereof, no notice, demand, request for information, citation, summons, or order has been issued, no complaint has been filed, no penalty has been assessed, and no investigation or review is pending or, to the best of the Knowledge of the Borrower, threatened by any governmental or other Person with respect to any alleged or suspected failure by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries to comply in any material respect with any Environmental Laws. 
  (c)        There are no material Liens arising under or pursuant to any Environmental Laws on any of the property owned or leased by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries.   
  (d)        There are no conditions existing currently or anticipated to exist during the term of this Agreement which would subject the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries or any of their property to any material Lien, damages, penalties, injunctive relief, or cleanup costs under any Environmental Laws or which require or are likely to require cleanup, removal, remedial action, or other responses by the Borrower and its Subsidiaries pursuant to Environmental Laws.    
  4.14        Disclosure  .  The Borrower has disclosed to the Lender (i) all agreements, instruments and corporate or other restrictions to which it, Bank or any of the other Subsidiaries is subject, the termination of which could reasonably be expected to result in a material and adverse change in the financial condition, business operation, or properties or assets of the Borrower, the Bank  or any of the other Subsidiaries and (ii) all matters Known to it that, individually or in the aggregate, could reasonably be expected to result in a material and adverse change in the financial condition, business operation, or properties or assets of the Borrower, the Bank or any of the other Subsidiaries.  No report, financial statement, certificate or other information furnished (whether in writing or orally) by or on behalf of the Borrower to Lender in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby and the negotiation of this Agreement or delivered hereunder or under any other Loan Document (in each case as modified or supplemented by other information so furnished) contains any material misstatement of fact or omits to state any material fact necessary to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading;   provided   that, with  
  
   9 
  99 
  8206709.7 

respect to projected financial information, the Borrower represents only that such information was prepared in good faith based upon assumptions believed to be reasonable at the time.   
  4.15        Contracts or Restrictions Affecting Borrower and/or Bank  .  Neither Borrower nor Bank is a party to any agreement or instrument or subject to any charter or other corporate restrictions adversely affecting its business, properties or assets, operations or condition (financial or otherwise). 
  4.16        No Default  .  Neither Borrower nor Bank is in default in the performance, observance or fulfillment of any of the obligations, covenants, or conditions contained in any agreement or instrument to which it is a party, which will or might materially and adversely affect the business or operations of Borrower or the Bank, as the case may be. 
  4.17        ERISA  .  Borrower and Bank are in material compliance with all applicable provisions of ERISA and all other laws, state or federal, applicable to any employees  retirement plan maintained or established by either of them. 
  4.18        OFAC  .  Neither the Borrower nor any Subsidiary (a) is an  enemy  or an  ally of the enemy  within the meaning of Section 2 of the Trading with the Enemy Act of the United States (50 U.S.C. App.    1 et seq.), as amended, (b) is in violation of (i) the Trading with the Enemy Act, as amended, (ii) any of the foreign assets control regulations of the United States Treasury Department (31 CFR, Subtitle B, Chapter V, as amended) or any enabling legislation or executive order relating thereto or (iii) the PATRIOT Act or (c) is a Sanctioned Person.  No part of the proceeds of the Loans hereunder will be used directly or indirectly to fund any operations in, finance any investments or activities in or make any payments to, a Sanctioned Person or a Sanctioned Country. 
  5.        AFFIRMATIVE COVENANTS  . 
  Borrower covenants and agrees that, until the Notes together with interest thereon are paid in full, unless specifically waived by the Lender in writing, Borrower will, and will cause the Bank and the Subsidiaries to: 
    
  5.1        Business and Existence; Compliance with Laws  .  Perform all things necessary to preserve and keep in full force and effect the existence, rights and franchises of Borrower, the Bank and the other Subsidiaries and to comply and cause the Bank and the other Subsidiaries to comply in all material respects with all local, state and federal laws and regulations applicable to banks and bank holding companies, and all laws and regulations of the Local Authorities, and the provisions and requirements of all franchises, permits, certificates of compliance and approval issued by regulatory authorities and other like grants of authority held by the Borrower and the Bank; and notify Bank immediately (and in detail) of any actual or alleged failure to comply with or perform, breach, violation or default under any such laws or regulations or under the terms of any such franchises or licenses, or grants of authority, the result of which would constitute a materially adverse effect on the Borrower or the Bank, or the occurrence or existence of any facts or circumstances which with the passage of time, the giving of notice or otherwise could create such a breach, violation or default or could occasion the termination of any such franchises or grants of authority. 
  
   10 
  1010 
  8206709.7 

5.2        Maintain Property  .  Maintain, preserve, and protect all properties used or useful in the conduct of Borrower s, the Bank s, and each other Subsidiary s business and keep the same in good repair, working order and condition. 
  5.3        Insurance  .  At all times keep the insurable properties of Borrower, the Bank, and each other Subsidiary adequately insured and maintain in force (i) insurance, to such an extent and against such risks, including fire and theft, as is customary with companies in the same or similar business, (ii) necessary workmen s compensation insurance, fidelity bonds and directors  and officers  insurance coverage in amounts satisfactory to Lender, and (iii) such other insurance as may be required by law; and if required by Lender, deliver to the Lender a copy of the bonds and policies providing such coverage and a certificate of Borrower s, the Bank s, or each other Subsidiary s chief executive officer, as the case may be, setting forth the nature of the risks covered by such insurance, the amount carried with respect to each risk, and the name of the insurer. 
  5.4        Taxes and Liens  .  Pay and discharge promptly all taxes, assessments, and governmental charges or levies imposed upon Borrower, the Bank, or each other Subsidiary or upon any of their respective income and profits, or their properties, real, personal or mixed, or any part thereof, before the same shall become delinquent; provided, however, that Borrower, the Bank, and each other Subsidiary shall not be required to pay and discharge or to cause to be paid and discharged any such tax, assessment, charge, levy or claim so long as the amount or validity thereof shall be contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings and provided that procedures satisfactory to Lender are carried out to prevent foreclosure of any lien therefrom. 
  5.5        Financial Reports and ERISA  .   
  (a)        Furnish to Lender as soon as available and in any event within one hundred twenty (120) days after the end of each calendar year, (1) consolidated and consolidating balance sheets of Borrower, the Bank, and each other Subsidiary, as of the end of such year and consolidated and consolidating statements of income of Borrower, the Bank, and each other Subsidiary for the year then ended, together with the audit report and opinion of independent Certified Public Accountants acceptable to the Lender with respect thereto, such audit report and opinion shall contain no exceptions or qualifications unacceptable to Lender; (2) promptly upon receipt, copies of all management letters and other assessments and recommendations, formal or informal, submitted by the Certified Public Accountants to Borrower or each Subsidiary; (3) upon Lender's request, a copy of Borrower s FR Y-9 Parent Company Only (and Consolidated, if applicable) financial statement(s) and (4) upon Lender's request, a copy of Borrower s F.R. Y-6 Annual Report promptly upon the filing of the same with the Federal Reserve Board; and (5) upon Lender's request, a copy of the Bank s Call Report promptly upon the filing with the appropriate regulatory agency.   
  (b)        Upon Borrower obtaining Knowledge thereof, the Borrower will give written notice to the Lender promptly (and in any event within five (5) business days), of:  (1) any event or condition, including, but not limited to, any Reportable Event, that constitutes, or might reasonably lead to, an ERISA Event; (2) with respect to any Multiemployer Plan, the receipt of notice as prescribed in ERISA or otherwise of any withdrawal liability assessed against the Borrower or any of its ERISA Affiliates, or of a determination that any Multiemployer Plan is in  
  
   11 
  1111 
  8206709.7 

reorganization or insolvent (both within the mean of Title IV of ERISA); (3) the failure to make full payment on or before the due date (including extensions) thereof of all amounts which the Borrower, the Bank, or any other Subsidiary or any ERISA Affiliate is required to contribute to each Plan pursuant to its terms and as required to meet the minimum funding standard set forth in ERISA and the Code with respect thereto; or (4) any change in the funding status of any Plan that could have a material adverse effect, together with a description of any such event or condition or a copy of any such notice and a statement by the chief financial officer of the Borrower briefly setting forth the details regarding such event, condition, or notice, and the action, if any, which has been or is being taken or is proposed to be taken by the Borrower with respect thereto.  Promptly upon request, the Borrower shall furnish the Lender and the Lenders with such additional information concerning any Plan as may be reasonably requested, including, but not limited to, copies of each annual report/return (Form 5500 series), as well as all schedules and attachments thereto required to be filed with the Department of Labor and/or the Internal Revenue Service pursuant to ERISA and the Code, respectively, for each  plan year  (within the meaning of Section 3(39) of ERISA). 
  (c)        Promptly upon the transmission thereof, copies of all material financial statements, proxy statements, notices, reports and other communications sent by the Borrower or any other Subsidiary to the shareholders of the Borrower and any other such communications as may be requested by Lender and copies of any and all regular or periodic reports, registration statements, prospectuses or other written communications that the Borrower or the Bank or any other Subsidiary is or may be required to file with the Securities and Exchange Commission or any governmental department, bureau, commission or agency succeeding to the functions of the Securities and Exchange Commission if any. 
  (d)        With reasonable promptness, such other financial information for the Borrower or the Bank or any other Subsidiary as Lender may reasonably request. 
  5.6        Regulatory Examinations  .  (a)  Promptly notify Lender of every examination by, or any material correspondence, report, memoranda or other written communication from or with, any federal or state regulatory body or authority, with respect to the properties, loans, operations and/or condition of Borrower, the Bank, or any other Subsidiary, and of the receipt by Borrower, the Bank, or any other Subsidiary of every examination or other report prepared by such body or authority with respect thereto; and (b) if required by Lender, fully and completely assist and cooperate with Lender in requesting approval by such regulatory body or authority of the furnishing to Lender of any such report, and furnish such report to Lender if such approval is given; provided, however, that Lender shall take such steps as may be necessary to assure that all such reports shall remain confidential and shall be used by Lender solely in connection with the administration of the Loans in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement. 
  5.7        Additional Information  .  Furnish such other information regarding the operations, business affairs and financial condition of Borrower, the Bank, and each other Subsidiary as Lender may from time to time reasonably request, including but not limited to true and exact copies of any monthly management reports to their respective directors (with all proprietary and confidential  
  
   12 
  1212 
  8206709.7 

personnel data, if any, redacted), their respective tax returns, and all information furnished to shareholders, or any governmental authority, including the results of any stock valuation performed. 
  5.8        Right of Inspection  .  Except to the extent, if any, prohibited by applicable law, permit any person designated by Lender, to inspect any of the properties, books and financial and other reports and records of Borrower, the Bank, and each other Subsidiary, including, but not limited to, all documentation and records pertaining to the Bank s loans, investments and deposits; and to discuss their affairs; finances and accounts with Borrower s, the Bank s, and each other Subsidiary s principal officers, at all such reasonable times and as often as Lender may reasonable request.  If required by Lender, Borrower will pay Lender loan fees in an amount determined by Lender to be necessary to cover the costs of such inspections, including a reasonable allowance for Lender s overhead as well as out-of-pocket expenses in connection with such inspection. 
  5.9        Notice of Default  .  At the time of Borrower s first Knowledge or notice, furnish the Lender with written notice or the occurrence of any event or the existence of any condition which constitutes or upon written notice or lapse of time or both would constitute an Event of Default under the terms of this Loan Agreement or other Loan Documents or an event of default or default under any other loan documents for any other loan to the Borrower, the Bank, or any other Subsidiary. 
  5.10        Notice of Litigation  .  Borrower shall notify Lender of any actions, suits or proceedings instituted by any person against the Borrower, the Bank or other Subsidiary claiming money damages or other monetary liability in an amount of One Hundred Thousand Dollars ($100,000.00) or more, said notice to be given within ten days of the first notice to Borrower or other party of the institution of such action, suit or proceeding and to specify the amount of damages being claimed or other relief being sought, the nature of the claim, the person instituting the action, suit or proceeding, and any other significant features of the claim. 
  5.11        Perfection of Security Interest  .  The Borrower or other Subsidiary shall perform such acts as may be necessary, in the reasonable judgment of Lender, now or in the future, to perfect or continue perfection of the security interests granted to Lender, or otherwise provided for, under any and all Loan Documents. 
  5.12        Dividends to Borrower from the Bank  .  Borrower shall cause the Bank and other Subsidiary to pay dividends or otherwise make such cash contributions at such times and in such amounts, as is necessary to enable Borrower to meet all of its obligations under the Loan Documents on a timely basis, including the payment, when due, of each installment of interest and the payment of principal on the Loans to the extent permitted by law including applicable bank regulatory agency rules and regulations. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, should any prepayment, accelerated payment or other payment ever be due with respect to the Loans, Borrower shall cause the Bank and other Subsidiary to pay dividends or otherwise make such additional distributions to the Borrower as necessary to enable the Borrower to make such prepayment, accelerated payment or other payment, to the extent permitted by law including applicable bank regulatory agency rules and regulations. 
  5.13        Capital Ratio/Equity Capital Adequacy  .   
  
   13 
  1313 
  8206709.7 

(a)        Borrower and Bank shall maintain at all times a  Well Capitalized  rating as required by any applicable regulatory authority as such requirement may be revised from time to time.   
  (b)        Bank shall maintain as of each Covenant Compliance Date a Risk-Based Capital Ratio greater than or equal to Twelve Percent (12.00%).   
  5.14            Modified  Texas Ratio  .  As of each Covenant Compliance Date Bank shall maintain a  Modified  Texas Ratio of less than or equal to Thirty Percent (30.00%).  
  5.15        Return on Average Assets  .  Bank shall maintain an annualized return on Average Assets of at least .40% percent as of each Covenant Compliance Date until September 30, 2017, increasing to at least .45% as of each Covenant Compliance Date until September 30, 2018, and increasing to at least .50% as of each Covenant Compliance Date thereafter. In determining such annualized return, Bank s earnings will be annualized using its year to date earnings. 
  5.16        Loan Loss Reserves  .  With respect to the Bank, maintain at all times loan loss reserves in amounts deemed adequate by all federal and state regulatory authorities. 
  5.17        Loan-to-Value  . Borrower shall  maintain as of each Covenant Compliance Date a Loan-to-Value Ratio of less than or equal to Fifty Percent (50.00%).  
  5.18        Indemnification  .  Borrower and Bank shall indemnify the Lender, and hold it harmless of and from any and all loss, cost, damage or expense, of every kind and nature, including reasonable attorneys  fees, which the Lender incurs by reason of any violation of any Environmental Laws by Borrower or Bank or by any predecessors or successors to title to any property of the Borrower or Bank. 
  5.19        Compliance Certificate  .  Furnish Lender a Certificate of Compliance duly certified by the Chief Executive Officer of Borrower within forty-five (45) days after the end of each calendar quarter stating that Borrower and each Bank Subsidiary and the Borrower and all Subsidiaries, as applicable, are in compliance with all terms, covenants and conditions of this Loan Agreement and all related Loan Documents, including, but not limited to,   Sections 5.1       5.17   of this Agreement.  Such Certificate of Compliance shall be as set forth in   Exhibit H   and otherwise be in form and substance satisfactory to Lender. 
  6.        NEGATIVE COVENANTS  .   
  Borrower covenants and agrees with Lender that Borrower shall comply and cause the Bank and other Subsidiaries to comply with the following negative covenants unless the prior written consent of Lender shall be obtained, so long as any indebtedness remains outstanding under the Loan Documents: 
    
  6.1        Indebtedness  .  Neither Borrower nor the Bank shall create, incur, assume or suffer to exist, contingently or otherwise, any indebtedness, except for the following indebtedness: 
  
   14 
  1414 
  8206709.7 

(a)        The indebtedness of Borrower under the Loans; 
  (b)        Indebtedness owed by the Borrower to the Bank or any other Subsidiary;  
  (c)        Debt for operating expenses, operating leases, or otherwise incurred by the Bank or any other Subsidiary in the ordinary course of business; 
  (d)        Indebtedness as set forth in   Exhibit G  ; and 
  (e)        Obligations (contingent or otherwise) existing or arising under any Interest Rate Swap approved in advance by Lender. 
  6.2        Mortgages, Liens, Etc.    Neither Borrower nor the Bank shall create, assume or suffer to exist any mortgage, pledge, lien, charge or other encumbrance of any nature whatsoever on any of its assets, now or hereafter owned, except for: 
  (a)        Liens in favor of Lender securing payment of the Loans; and 
  (b)        Permitted Encumbrances. 
  6.3        Guaranties  .  Except in the ordinary course of business, guarantee or otherwise in any way become or be responsible for the indebtedness or obligations of any other Person, by any means whatsoever, whether by agreement to purchase the indebtedness of any other Person or agreement for the furnishing of funds to any other Person through the purchase of goods, supplies or services (or by way of stock purchase, capital contribution, advance or loan) for the purpose of paying or discharging the indebtedness of any other Person, or otherwise, except for the endorsement of negotiable instruments by the Borrower or Bank in the ordinary course of business for collection. 
  6.4        Merger, Dissolution, Acquisition of Assets  .  Except for the Merger, Borrower shall not enter into, or permit the Bank or any other Subsidiary to enter into, any transaction of merger or consolidation, or any reorganization, reclassification of stock, readjustment or change in capital structure; or acquire, or permit any Subsidiary to acquire, all of the stock, or other ownership interest, property or assets of any other person, corporation, partnership or other entity; provided that nothing in this   Section 6.4   shall prevent Borrower, the Bank or any Subsidiary from entering into any transaction of merger, consolidation or share exchange where the following conditions are met: (a) the Borrower or the Bank are the surviving entities in such transaction, and a majority of the board of directors of Borrower and the Bank following such transaction consists of persons who were directors of Borrower and the Bank prior to such transaction; (b) such transaction is financed with cash on hand, equity, and/or indebtedness permitted under   Section 6.1   above; (c) at the time of such transaction, no Event of Default, or event which would, with the passage of time, giving of notice, or both, constitute an Event of Default, has occurred and is continuing; (d) upon completion of such transaction, Borrower's reasonable, good faith projections and   pro forma   financials show that it and the Bank will remain in compliance with all financial and other covenants under this Agreement; (e) Borrower and Bank have received all consents and approvals required by any applicable Bank Regulatory Authorities or by the shareholders or directors of the entities subject to such transaction in connection with such transaction; (f) the total assets of the target do not, in the aggregate, exceed  
  
   15 
  1515 
  8206709.7 

One Hundred Twenty-Five Million and 00/100 Dollars ($125,000,000.00); and (g) Borrower gives Lender written notice of such proposed transaction at least thirty (30) days prior to consummation of same and provides Lender with such evidence as Lender reasonably requests to confirm such transaction's compliance with the foregoing requirements (each such transaction, a "  Permitted Transaction  "). In the event the total assets of the target exceed One Hundred Twenty-Five Million and 00/100 Dollars ($125,000,000.00), but the transaction complies with all of the other requirements above, Borrower must request written consent from Lender to enter into the transaction. 
  6.5        Subsidiaries  .  Borrower shall not create, establish or acquire Subsidiaries or acquire or own stock or any other interest in any bank other than the Bank, or permit the creation, establishment or acquisition of any such Subsidiaries by any other Subsidiary. 
  6.6        Sale of Stock, Merger, or Asset Disposition  .   
  (a)        Borrower shall not sell, transfer, pledge, assign, or otherwise dispose of, or otherwise encumber, any of the Borrower s stock of the Bank or the Borrower s or the Bank s or any other Subsidiary s common Capital Stock in any the Subsidiary nor permit the Bank or any other Subsidiary to issue additional shares of stock or rights, options or securities convertible into Capital Stock of the Bank or any other Subsidiary. 
  (b)        The Borrower will not, nor will it permit any of its Subsidiaries to, make any Asset Disposition except in the ordinary course of business. 
  6.7        Dividends, Redemptions and Other Payments  .  Borrower shall not declare or pay any dividends on the stock of Borrower or redeem any stock of Borrower if an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing under this Agreement or allow the payment of such a dividend that would create an Event of Default. The payment of any dividend or the redemption of any stock not otherwise prohibited shall in all respects comply with the rules and regulations of the Federal Reserve Board. 
  6.8        Capital Expenditures  .  Borrower shall not make or become committed to make, or permit any Subsidiary to make or to become committed to make, directly or indirectly, during any calendar year, capital expenditures which for Borrower and the Subsidiary exceed amounts deemed acceptable to applicable regulatory authorities. 
  6.9        Relocation  .  The Borrower shall not cause or permit Borrower or any Subsidiary to relocate their principal office, principal banking office, principal registered office or approved charter location without the written consent of Lender. 
  6.10        Transactions with Affiliates  .  The Borrower shall not, nor will it permit any of its Subsidiaries to, enter into or permit to exist any transaction or series of transactions with any officer, director, shareholder, Subsidiary or Affiliate of such person or entity other than (a) normal compensation and reimbursement of expenses of officers and directors and (b) except as otherwise specifically limited in this Agreement, other transactions which satisfy the applicable requirements under Section 23A of the Federal Reserve Act, 12 USC  371c and Section 23B of the Federal  
  
   16 
  1616 
  8206709.7 

Reserve Act, 12 USC  371c-1.  For purposes of this Agreement, the term affiliates shall have the same meaning as set forth in applicable bank regulations. 
  6.11        Change in Management.   Neither the Borrower nor the Bank shall make any change in its senior executive management personnel (CEO, President, CFO, or other "c-level" or equivalent offices); provided, however, that if any of the foregoing officers cease to hold the applicable office described above, the same shall not be an Event of Default provided that the Borrower or the Bank, as the case may be, replaces such individual with another officer reasonably qualified and acceptable to all applicable Bank Regulatory Authorities within one hundred eighty (180) days of such change and further provided, that if Borrower and/or Bank (as the case may be) is actively engaged in good-faith efforts to replace any such senior management personnel upon the expiration of such one hundred eighty (180) day period, then such period shall be extended by an additional ninety (90) days.  
  6.12        Charter or By-Law Amendments  .  Neither Borrower, Bank nor any other Subsidiary shall adopt, amend or enter into, as applicable, any charter, articles of incorporation, bylaws (or any amendments thereto) or other provisions or agreements that would affect in any way the rights, obligations and/or preferences of the Collateral. 
  6.13        Intentionally Omitted.  
  6.14        No Defaults  .  Borrower shall not permit or suffer the occurrence of any event nor allow any Subsidiary or other Affiliate to knowingly permit or suffer the occurrence of any event which constitutes an event of default under any indenture or loan agreement or otherwise with respect to any indebtedness of the Borrower, the Bank, or any other Subsidiary. 
  7.        DEFAULT AND REMEDIES  . 
  7.1        Events of Default  .  Any one or more of the following events shall constitute an Event of Default under the terms of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents: 
  (a)        Defaults in the prompt payment as and when due of the principal of or interest on the Loans or any fees due under this Loan Agreement within ten (10) days of the date when due, or in the prompt performance or payment when due of any other obligations of the Borrower to the Bank, whether now existing or hereafter created or arising, direct or indirect, absolute or contingent. 
  (b)        Default in compliance with or in the performance or observance of any term, covenant, obligation, condition, or agreement in this Agreement or any other Loan Document. 
  (c)        If any representation, warranty or any other statement made or deemed to be made by the Borrower herein, in any other Loan Document, or in any writing, certificate, or report or statement at any time furnished to Lender pursuant to or in connection with this Agreement shall to be false or misleading in any material respect, either now or at the time made or furnished or becomes false or misleading at any time thereafter. 
  
   17 
  1717 
  8206709.7 

(d)        Borrower, the Bank or any other Subsidiary shall fail to pay when due and before the expiration of any grace period, any debt for borrowed money which it is primarily obligated to pay as borrower, or in any other capacity, whether such debt shall have become due because of acceleration of maturity or otherwise, other than debt created by this Agreement. 
  (e)        An event occurs which constitutes an event of default as defined in the Notes or any other Loan Document; or an event occurs which constitutes an event of default (following the expiration of applicable grace, notice or cure periods) under any present or future loan agreement between Lender and Borrower for any other loan. 
  (f)        The Borrower, the Bank, or any other Subsidiary shall 
  (i)        be unable or admits in writing its inability to pay its debts as they become due; or 
  (ii)        file a petition in bankruptcy or for reorganization or for the adoption of an arrangement under the Bankruptcy Act as now or in the future amended, or file a pleading asking such relief, or have or suffer to be filed an involuntary petition in bankruptcy against it which is not contested and discharged within sixty (60) days; or 
  (iii)        make an assignment for the benefit of creditors generally; or 
  (iv)        consent to the appointment of a trustee, custodian, or receiver for all or a major portion of its property; or 
  (v)        be adjudicated a bankrupt or insolvent under any federal or state law; or 
  (vi)        suffer the entry of a court order under any federal or state law appointing a receiver, custodian, or trustee for all or a major part of its property or ordering the winding up or liquidation of its affairs, or approving a petition filed against it under the Bankruptcy Act, as now or in the future amended; or 
  (vii)        suffer the entry of a final judgment for the payment of money in excess of $100,000.00 and the same shall not be discharged or provision made for its discharge within 45 days from the date of entry thereof or an appeal or other appropriate proceeding for review thereof shall not be taken within said period and a stay of execution pending such appeal shall not be obtained; or 
  (viii)        suffer a writ or warrant of attachment or any similar process to be issued by any court against all or any substantial portion of its property. 
  (g)        The issuance of any Supervisory Action against the Borrower, the Bank or other Subsidiaries or the Borrower s, the Bank s or the other Subsidiaries  directors, whether temporary or permanent, by or at the request of any bank regulatory agency;   provided, however  , that notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement (including without limitation   Section 5.9   hereof), Borrower shall not be required to disclose the existence of any Supervisory  
  
   18 
  1818 
  8206709.7 

Action to the extent that such disclosure is prohibited by applicable law or regulation; but   further provided   that (i)   Section 5.9   of this Agreement shall nevertheless require Borrower to disclose to Lender the maximum amount of information legally permissible to be disclosed regarding any such Supervisory Action  and (ii) such Supervisory Action may, even if confidential, constitute an Event of Default hereunder if Lender becomes aware of such Supervisory Action through other channels without the violation of applicable law or regulation;  
  (h)        There shall occur any change in the equity ownership of the Bank, or any change in the equity ownership of the Borrower such that a "change in control" of Borrower under applicable law or regulation shall have occurred; or 
  (i)        The failure of the Borrower, the Bank, or any other Subsidiary, or the Borrower s, the Bank s, or any other Subsidiary s directors to comply with the terms of any memorandum of understanding or letter agreement with any bank regulatory agency, including but not limited to any applicable state bank regulatory agency, Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency, and the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System and such failure has not been fully corrected within thirty (30) business days of the Borrower s or the Bank s awareness of its failure to comply. 
  7.2        Cure Provisions  .  In any Event of Default, other than a default in payment, is curable and if Borrower has not been given a notice of a breach in the same provision of this Agreement or the Notes within the preceding twelve (12) months, it may be cured if Borrower, after receiving written notice from Lender demanding cure of such default:  (1) cures the default within fifteen (15) days; or (2) if the cure requires more than fifteen (15) days, immediately initiates steps which Lender deems in Lender s sole discretion to be sufficient to cure the default and thereafter continues and completes all reasonable and necessary steps sufficient to product compliance as soon as reasonably practical.    
  7.3        Remedies on Default  .  Upon the occurrence of an Default and during the continuation of such Default, the Lender shall, at its option, be relieved of any obligation to make further loan advances or extensions of credit under this Agreement; and if such Default constitutes of becomes an Event of Default, the Lender may (i) terminate all obligations of Lender to Borrower, the Bank, or any other Subsidiary including, without limitation, all obligations to lend money to Borrower under this Agreement, (ii) declare the Notes immediately due and payable, without presentment, demand, protest, notice of intent to accelerate and notice of acceleration of the maturity date of the Notes, or any other notice of any kind, all of which are expressly waived, (iii) declare immediately due and payable from Borrower the expenses set forth in   Section 8.14   hereof, and (iv) pursue any remedy available to it under this Agreement, the Notes, the Pledge Agreement or any other Loan Document, or available at law or in equity, concurrently or subsequently, in such order as the Lender may elect, all of which remedies shall be cumulative, provided that upon the occurrence of an Event of Default specified in Section 7.1(f), the commitment of the Lender and any right of the Borrower to request borrowings hereunder shall be automatically terminated and all Obligations under the Loan Documents shall automatically become due and payable without presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind, all of which are expressly waived by the Borrower, anything in this Agreement or in any other Loan Document to the contrary.  
  
   19 
  1919 
  8206709.7 

7.4        Liens; Setoff by Lender  .  Borrower hereby grants to Lender a continuing lien for all indebtedness of Borrower, the Bank, or the other Subsidiaries to Lender upon any and all of its monies, securities and other property and the proceeds thereof, now or hereafter held or received by or in transit to Lender from or for Borrower, and also upon any and all deposits (general or special, matured or unmatured) and credits of Borrower against Lender at any time existing. Upon the occurrence of any Event of Default as specified above, Lender is hereby authorized at any time and from time to time, without notice to Borrower, the Bank, or the other Subsidiaries, to set off, appropriate, and apply any and all items hereinabove referred to against any or all indebtedness of Borrower to Lender, whether under this Agreement, or otherwise, whether now existing or hereafter arising.  Lender shall give written notice to Borrower of such setoff appropriation or application after such setoff, appropriation or application occurs. 
  8.        MISCELLANEOUS  . 
  8.1        No Waiver  .  No delay or failure on the part of Lender or on the part of any holder of the Notes in the exercise of any right, power or privilege granted under this Agreement, or under any other Loan Document, or available at law or in equity, shall impair any such right, power or privilege or be construed as a waiver of any Event of Default or any acquiescence therein. No single or partial exercise of any such right, power or privilege shall preclude the further exercise of such right, power or privilege. No waiver shall be valid against Lender unless made in writing and signed by Lender, and then only to the extent expressly specified therein. 
  8.2        Notices  .  All notices and communications provided for hereunder shall be in writing, delivered by hand or sent by first class, registered or certified mail, postage prepaid, or express courier to the following addresses: 
    
  (1)    If to Lender:        First Tennessee Bank National Association 
  165 Madison Avenue, 5th Floor 
  Memphis, Tennessee  38103 
  Attention:  Correspondent Banking 
    
  (2)    If to Borrower:        Citizens Community Bancorp, Inc.             
  2174 EastRidge Center 
  Eau Claire, Wisconsin 54701 
  Attention:  Mark Oldenberg, CFO 
                   
  Any party hereto may change its address for notice purposes by notice to the other parties in the manner provided herein. Notice shall be deemed given when hand delivered or first class, certified or registered mail, postage prepaid, or when delivered by express courier. 
    
  8.3        Governing Law  .  This Agreement and all other Loan Documents shall be governed by and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the State of Tennessee except with respect to  
  
   20 
  2020 
  8206709.7 

interest which shall be governed by and construed in accordance with applicable Federal laws in effect from time to time. 
  8.4        Survival of Representations and Warranties  .  All representations, warranties and covenants contained herein or made by or furnished on behalf of Borrower, the Bank, or the other Subsidiaries in connection herewith shall survive the execution and delivery of this Agreement and all other Loan Documents and the extension or funding of the loan hereunder unless any such representation or warranty relates only to a specific time on or prior to the date hereof.  
  8.5        Descriptive Headings  .  The descriptive headings of the several sections of this Agreement are inserted for convenience only and do not constitute a part of this Agreement. 
  8.6        Severability  .  If any part of any provision contained in this Agreement or in any other Loan Document shall be invalid or unenforceable under applicable law, said part shall be ineffective to the extent of such invalidity only, without in any way affecting the remaining parts of said provision or the remaining provisions. 
  8.7        Time is of the Essence  .  Time is of the essence in interpreting and performing this Agreement and all other Loan Documents. 
  8.8        Counterparts  .  This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an original and all of which, taken together, shall constitute one and the same instrument. 
  8.9        Payment of Costs  .  Borrower shall pay, promptly demand by Lender, all reasonable costs, expenses, taxes and fees incurred by Lender in connection with the preparation, execution and delivery of this Agreement and all other Loan Documents at this closing (not to exceed $10,000) and the recording and filing and rerecording and refiling thereof, including, without limitation, the reasonable costs and professional fees of counsel for Lender, any and all transfer, mortgage or other taxes and all recording costs that may be payable.  In the future, Borrower shall pay promptly following written demand by the Lender, all such costs and expenses determined to be payable, in connection therewith. 
  8.10        Successors and Assigns  .  This Agreement shall bind and inure to the benefit of Borrower and Lender, and their respective successors and assigns; provided, however, Borrower, the Bank, and the other Subsidiaries shall not have any right to assign their rights or obligations hereunder to any person.  Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, Lender shall have the right, but shall not be obligated, to sell participation in the loan made pursuant hereto to other banks, financial institutions and investors. 
  8.11        Amendments; No Implied Waiver  .  This Agreement may be amended or modified, and Borrower, the bank, and the other Subsidiaries may take any action herein prohibited, or omit to perform any act herein required to be performed by it, only if Borrower shall obtain the prior written consent of Lender to that specific amendment, modification, action or omission to act, and no course of dealing between Borrower, the Bank, or the other Subsidiaries and Lender shall operate  
  
   21 
  2121 
  8206709.7 

as a waiver of any right, power or privilege granted to Lender under this Agreement or under any other Loan Document, or available to Lender at law or in equity. 
  8.12        Rights Cumulative  .  All rights, powers and privileges granted hereunder shall be cumulative to and shall not be exclusive of any other rights, powers and privileges granted by any other Loan Document or available at law or in equity. 
  8.13        Indemnity  .  Borrower agrees to protect, indemnify and save harmless Lender, and all directors, officers, employees and agents of Lender, from and against any and all (i) claims, demands and causes of action of any nature whatsoever brought by any Person not a party to this Agreement and arising from or related or incident to this Agreement or any other Loan Document, including, without limitation, any liability under federal or state securities laws arising out of Lender s disposition of all or part of the Collateral, (ii) costs and expenses incident to the defense of such claims, demands and causes of action, including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys  fees, and (iii) liabilities, judgments, settlements, penalties and assessments arising from such claims, demands and causes of action; provided, however, that Borrower does not agree to indemnify Lender against Lender s own fraud, gross negligence, or willful misconduct, or any liabilities resulting therefrom. The indemnity contained in this section shall survive the termination of this Agreement. 
  8.14        Expenses  .  Borrower agrees to promptly reimburse Lender for (i) all costs and expenses of collection of the Notes, including reasonable attorneys  fees, and (ii) all expenses incurred by Lender in acting on behalf of Borrower, the Bank or the other Subsidiaries in accordance with the terms of this Agreement or to maintain or preserve the value of the Collateral, or Lender s interest therein pursuant to the Pledge Agreement, or any other Loan Document.  Such sums shall include interest at the maximum rate allowed by law accruing from the date Lender requests such reimbursement. 
  8.15        Usury  .  It is the intent of the parties hereto not to violate any federal or state law, rule or regulation pertaining either to usury or to the contracting for or charging or collecting of interest, and Borrower, the Bank, and the other Subsidiaries, and Lender agree that, should any provision of this Agreement, or of the Notes, or of any other Loan Document or any act performed hereunder or thereunder, violate any such law, rule or regulation, then the excess of interest contracted for or charged or collected over the maximum lawful rate of interest shall be applied to the outstanding principal indebtedness due to Lender by Borrower under this Agreement, and if the principal indebtedness has been paid in full, any remaining excess shall forthwith be paid to Borrower. 
  8.16        Jurisdiction and Venue  .  Borrower, the Bank, and the other Subsidiaries, and Lender agree, without power of revocation, that any civil suit or action brought against them as a result of , or which relates to, any of their obligations under this Agreement or under any other Loan Document may be brought against them, jointly or singly, in the United States District Court for the Western District of Tennessee, and Borrower, the Bank, the other Subsidiaries, and Lender irrevocably submit to the jurisdiction of such court and irrevocably waive, to the fullest extent permitted by law, any objections that they may now or hereafter have to the laying of the venue of such civil suit or action and any claim that such civil suit or action has been brought in an inconvenient forum, and Borrower, the Bank, and the other Subsidiaries, and Lender agree that final judgment in any such civil suit or  
  
   22 
  2222 
  8206709.7 

action shall be conclusive and binding upon them and shall be enforceable against them by suit upon such judgment in any court of competent jurisdiction. 
  8.17        Construction  .  Should any provision of this Agreement require judicial interpretation, the parties hereto agree that the court interpreting or construing the same shall not apply a presumption that the terms hereof shall be more strictly construed against one party by reason of the rule of construction that a document is to be more strictly construed against the party who itself or through its agents prepared the same, it being agreed that Borrower, Lender and their respective agents have participated in the preparation hereof. 
  8.18        Holidays  .  In any case where the date for any action required to be performed under this Agreement or under any other Loan Document shall be, in the city where the performance is to be made, a Saturday, a Sunday, a legal holiday or a day on which banking institutions are authorized by law to close, then such performance may be made on the next succeeding business day not a Saturday, a Sunday, a legal holiday or a day on which banking institutions are authorized by law to close.      
  8.19        Entire Agreement  .  This Agreement and the other Loan Documents executed and delivered contemporaneously herewith, together with the exhibits attached hereto and thereto, constitute the entire understanding of the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof, and any other prior or contemporaneous agreements, whether written or oral, with respect thereto are expressly superseded hereby. The execution of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents by Borrower, the Bank, and the other Subsidiaries was not based upon any facts or materials provided by Lender, nor was Borrower, the Bank, and the other Subsidiaries induced to execute this Agreement or any other Loan Document by any representation, statement or analysis made by Lender. In the event that the provisions of this Loan Agreement shall conflict with provisions of any of the other Loan Documents, the provisions of this Agreement shall control.  This written Loan Agreement represents the final agreement between the parties and may not be contradicted by evidence of prior, contemporaneous, or subsequent oral agreements of the parties.  There are no unwritten oral agreements between the parties. 
  8.20        Consent  .  Borrower hereby represents and warrants that to the best of Borrower s Knowledge there is no consent from any lender or creditor needed to prevent Borrower, the Bank, or the other Subsidiaries from being in default by Borrower executing the Notes or Borrower, the Bank, and the other Subsidiaries executing, this Loan Agreement or any other loan document associated with these Loans. 
  8.21        Waiver Of Right To Trial By Jury  .  EACH PARTY TO THIS AGREEMENT HEREBY EXPRESSLY WAIVES ANY RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY OF ANY CLAIM, DEMAND, ACTION OR CAUSE OF ACTION (a) ARISING UNDER THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER INSTRUMENT, DOCUMENT OR AGREEMENT EXECUTED OR DELIVERED IN CONNECTION HEREWITH, OR (b) IN ANY WAY CONNECTED WITH OR RELATED OR INCIDENTAL TO THE DEALINGS OF THE PARTIES HERETO OR ANY OF THEM WITH RESPECT TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER INSTRUMENT, DOCUMENT OR AGREEMENT EXECUTED OR DELIVERED IN CONNECTION HEREWITH, OR THE TRANSACTIONS RELATED HERETO OR THERETO, IN EACH CASE WHETHER NOW  
  
   23 
  2323 
  8206709.7 

EXISTING OR HEREAFTER ARISING; AND EACH PARTY HEREBY AGREES AND CONSENTS THAT ANY SUCH CLAIM, DEMAND, ACTION OR CAUSE OF ACTION SHALL BE DECIDED BY COURT TRIAL WITHOUT A JURY, AND THAT ANY PARTY TO THIS AGREEMENT MAY FILE AN ORIGINAL COUNTERPART OR A COPY OF THIS SECTION WITH ANY COURT AS WRITTEN EVIDENCE OF THE CONSENT OF THE PARTIES HERETO TO THE WAIVER OF THEIR RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY. 
  8.22        Further Assurances  .  Borrower agrees to furnish a current financial statement upon the request of Lender from time to time, and further agrees to execute and deliver all other instruments and take such other actions as Lender may from time to time reasonably request in order to carry out the provisions and intent hereof. 
  8.23        Execution by Bank  .  The undersigned Bank is joining this Agreement for the sole purpose of acknowledging the pledge of its Capital Stock pursuant to the Pledge Agreement.   
  8.24        Non-Control  .  In no event shall the Lender s rights hereunder be deemed to indicate that the Lender is in control of the business, management or properties of the Borrower or the Bank or has power over the daily management functions and operating decisions made by the Borrower and the Bank, all such rights and powers being hereby expressly reserved to the Borrower and the Bank. 
  8.25        Assignments and Participations  .  Lender may sell or offer to sell the Loans or interests therein to one or more assignees or participants.  Borrower shall execute, acknowledge and deliver any and all instruments reasonably requested by Lender in connection therewith, and to the extent, if any, specified in any such assignment or participation, such assignee(s) or participant(s) shall have the same rights and benefits with respect to the Loan Documents as such Person(s) would have if such Person(s) were Lender hereunder.  Lender may disseminate any information it now has or hereafter obtains pertaining to the Loans, including any security for the Loans, Borrower, Bank, any other Subsidiary, any of Borrower s, Bank s, or any other Subsidiary s principals, or any guarantor, if any, to any actual or prospective assignee or participant, to Lender s affiliates, to any regulatory body having jurisdiction over Lender, to any actual or prospective counterparty (or its advisors) to any swap or derivative transaction relating to Lender and the Loans, or to any other party as necessary or appropriate in Lender s reasonable judgment. 
  8.26        Electronic Transmission of Data  .  Lender and Borrower agree that certain data related to the  Loans (including confidential information, documents, applications and reports) may be transmitted electronically, including transmission over the internet to the parties, the parties  affiliates, agents and representatives, and other Persons involved with the subject matter of this Agreement.  Borrower acknowledges and agrees that (a) there are risks associated with the use of electronic transmission and that Lender does not control the method of transmittal or service providers, (b) Lender has no obligation or responsibility whatsoever and assumes no duty or obligation for the security, receipt or third party interception of any such transmission, and (c) Borrower and Bank will release, hold harmless and indemnify Lender from any claim, damage or loss, including that arising in whole or part from Lender s strict liability or sole, comparative or contributory negligence, which is related to the electronic transmission of data. 
  
   24 
  2424 
  8206709.7 

8.27        USA PATRIOT Act  .  The Lender hereby notifies the Borrower and any guarantor that pursuant to the requirements of the PATRIOT Act, it is required to obtain, verify and record information that identifies the Borrower and any guarantors, which information includes the name and address of the Borrower and any guarantors and other information that will allow Lender to identify the Borrower and any guarantors in accordance with the PATRIOT Act. 
  8.28        No Inference of Extension Past Maturity Date  .  Notwithstanding any other provision herein, the terms, conditions, and requirements provided for herein that would, by their express terms, be applicable to time periods after the Revolving Loan Termination Date or the Term Loan Maturity Date, are not to be interpreted as an inference that the Lender has agreed to any extension, automatic or otherwise, to the extension of the Revolving Loan Termination Date or the Term Loan Maturity Date.  The Lender has not agreed and is under no obligation to extend the Revolving Loan Termination Date or the Term Loan Maturity Date. 

[SIGNATURE PAGE FOLLOWS] 
  
   25 
  2525 
  8206709.7 

WITNESS the hand and seal of the parties hereto through their duly authorized officers as of the date first above written. 
    
                 LENDER: 
    
  FIRST TENNESSEE BANK NATIONAL  
  ASSOCIATION 
    
  By: Jeff Gach 
  Printed Name:  /s/ Jeff Gach 
  Title:  VP 

BORROWER: 
    
  CITIZENS COMMUNITY BANCORP, INC. 

By: Mark C. Oldenberg 
  Printed Name:  /s/ Mark C. Oldenberg 
  Title:  EVP/CFO 

The undersigned Bank executes this Loan Agreement for the sole purpose of acknowledging the pledge of its Capital Stock under the Pledge Agreement. 
    
  BANK: 
    
  CITIZENS COMMUNITY FEDERAL 
  NATIONAL ASSOCIATION  

By: Mark C. Oldenberg 
  Printed Name:  /s/ Mark C. Oldenberg 
  Title:  EVP/CFO 

[SIGNATURE PAGE TO AMENDED AND RESTATED LOAN AGREEMENT]11 

LIST OF EXHIBITS 
    
                 EXHIBIT A 
    REVOLVING CREDIT NOTE 
    
      EXHIBIT B 
    Intentionally Omitted 
    
      EXHIBIT C 
    ACTIONS, SUITS, OR OTHER PROCEEDINGS PENDING OR THREATENED AGAINST OR AFFECTING BORROWER OR ANY SUBSIDIARY 
    
      EXHIBIT D 
    SUBSIDIARIES OF BORROWER 
    
      EXHIBIT E 
    LIENS 
    
      EXHIBIT F 
    OPTIONS, WARRANTS OR OTHER RIGHTS AGREEMENTS OR COMMITMENTS (INCLUDING CONVERSION RIGHTS AND PREEMPTIVE RIGHTS) OBLIGATING BORROWER OR ANY SUBSIDIARY TO ISSUE, SELL, PURCHASE OR REDEEM SHARES OR SECURITIES CONVERTIBLE TO SHARES 
    
      EXHIBIT G 
    INDEBTEDNESS NOT AUTHORIZED IN SECTION 6.1 
    
      EXHIBIT H 
    COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE 
    
      APPENDIX A 
    DEFINITIONS 
    
      SCHEDULE 4.6 
    SUPERVISORY ACTION(S) 

11 

EXHIBIT A     
  Revolving Credit NOTE 
  $3,000,000.00    Memphis, Tennessee          September 30   th   , 2016 
  ON OR BEFORE September 30   th   , 2017 (the  Termination Date ), the undersigned,   CITIZENS COMMUNITY BANCORP, INC.  , a Maryland corporation ("Maker"), promises to pay to the order of   FIRST TENNESSEE BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION  , a national banking association having its principal place of business in Memphis, Tennessee ("Bank"), the principal sum of THREE MILLION AND 00/100 DOLLARS ($3,000,000.00), value received, together with interest from date until maturity, upon disbursed and unpaid principal balances, at the rate hereinafter specified, said interest being payable quarterly, on the fifteenth (15   th   )     day of each quarter hereafter, commencing on the fifteenth (15   th   ) day of November, 2016 (and each February 15, May 15, August 15, and November 15 thereafter), with the final installment of interest being due and payable concurrently on the same date that the principal balance is due hereunder. 
  The "Revolving Loan Termination Date" may be extended one or more times pursuant to the provisions of that certain Amended and Restated Loan Agreement, dated of even date, between the Maker, the Bank, as said agreement may be amended or modified (the "Loan Agreement"); and, if so extended, such extended date shall thereupon constitute the Revolving Loan Termination Date.  Capitalized terms not otherwise defined herein shall have the meaning ascribed to such terms in the Loan Agreement. 
   The interest rate on the Note is subject to change from time to time based on changes in an independent index (the "Index") which is the LIBOR Rate (as hereinafter defined), adjusted and determined as of the opening of business on the first (1   st   ) day of the month in which this Note is dated (the "Initial Pricing Date") and on the first (1   st   ) day of each quarter hereafter (the "Interest Rate Change Date"). The "LIBOR Rate" shall mean the London Interbank Offered Rate of interest for an interest period of ninety (90) days, as reported in   The Wall Street Journal   published on the Interest Rate Change Date of each quarter (rounded upward to the next whole multiple of one sixteenth of one percent (1/16 of 1%)).  Each change in the Index (as hereinafter defined) which results from a change in the LIBOR Rate shall become effective, without notice to the Maker, on each Interest Rate Change Date following any change in the LIBOR Rate; provided, however, that if   The Wall Street Journal   is not published on such date, the LIBOR Rate shall be determined by reference to   The Wall Street Journal   last published immediately preceding such date (the "Index").  The Index is not necessarily the lowest rate charged by the Bank on its loans.  If the Index becomes unavailable during the term of this loan, the Bank may designate a reasonably equivalent substitute index after notice to the Maker.  The Bank will tell the Maker the current Index rate upon any such substitution.  The interest rate change will not occur more often than each quarter.  The Maker understands that the Bank may make loans based on other rates as well.  The Index currently is 0.85367 percent (__%) per annum.  The interest rate to be applied to the unpaid principal balance of this Note (the  Contract Rate ) will be at a rate of two  
  
   A-1 
  11 

and 70/100 percent (2.70%) (the "Margin"),     over the Index  ,   resulting in an initial rate of 3.55367 percent (___%) per annum.      NOTICE:  Under no circumstances will the interest rate on this Note be more than the maximum rate allowed by applicable law. 
  Notwithstanding any other provisions herein, if any Change in Law (as hereafter defined) shall make it unlawful for the Bank to make or maintain a LIBOR Rate loan as contemplated by this Note, the principal outstanding hereunder shall, if required by law and if the Bank so requests, be converted on the date required to make the loan evidenced by this Note legal to a loan according interest at the lesser of the Maximum Rate or the base commercial rate of interest ("Base Rate") established from time to time by the Bank.  Each change in the Base Rate shall become effective, without notice to the Maker, on the same date that the Base Rate changes.  The Maker hereby agrees promptly to pay the Bank, upon demand, any costs incurred by the Bank in making any conversion in accordance with this paragraph, including any interest or fees payable by the Bank to lenders of funds obtained by Bank in order to maintain its LIBOR Rate loans. 
  The Maker hereby indemnifies the Bank and holds the Bank harmless from any loss or expense which the Bank may sustain or incur as a consequence of (i) a default by the Maker in payment of the principal amount of or interest on the loan evidenced hereby, including any such loss or expense arising from interest or fees payable by the Bank to lenders of funds obtained by it in order to make or maintain its LIBOR Rate loans; or (ii) a Change in Law that results in the imposition on the Bank of reserve requirements in connection with LIBOR Rate loans made by the Bank.  The Maker will make any payments under this indemnity to Bank, upon demand.  The Maker further agrees to enter into a modification of this Note, at the request of the Bank, to bring this Note into compliance with any Change in Law. 
   "Change in Law" shall mean the adoption of any law, rule, regulation, policy, guideline or directive (whether or not having the force of law) or any change therein or in the interpretation or application thereof, in all cases by Governmental Authority having jurisdiction over the Bank, in each case after the date hereof. 
   "Governmental Authority" shall mean any nation or government, any state or other political subdivision thereof and any entity exercising regulatory function of or pertaining to government. 
  The annual interest rate for this Note is computed on a 365/360 basis; that is, by applying the ratio of the annual interest rate over a year of 360 days, multiplied by the outstanding principal balance, multiplied by the actual number of days the principal balance is outstanding. 
  In the event that the foregoing provisions should be construed by a court of competent jurisdiction not to constitute a valid, enforceable designation of a rate of interest or method of determining same, the indebtedness hereby evidenced shall bear interest at the lesser of (a) ten percent (10%) per annum or (b) the maximum effective variable contract rate which may be charged by the Bank under applicable law from time to time in effect (the "Maximum Rate). 
  Notwithstanding the foregoing, upon the occurrence of an Event of Default (as defined in the Loan Agreement), the Bank, at its option, may charge, and the Maker agrees to pay, interest on disbursed and unpaid principal balances at the default rate (the "Default Rate") per annum equal to the lesser of (a) the Maximum Rate or (b) (i) the Contract Rate plus (ii) four percent (4%). 
  
   A-2 
  22 

Any amounts not paid when due hereunder (whether by acceleration or otherwise) shall bear interest after maturity at the Default Rate. 
  For any payment which is not made within ten (10) days of the due date for such payment, the Maker shall pay a late fee.  The late fee shall equal five percent (5%) of the unpaid portion of the past-due payment. 
  This Note is secured by the Pledge Agreement, and may now or hereafter be secured by other mortgages, trust deeds, assignments, security agreements, or other instruments of pledge or hypothecation. 
  All installments of interest, and the principal hereof, are payable at the office of First Tennessee Bank National Association, 165 Madison Avenue, Memphis, Tennessee 38103, or at such other place as the holder may designate in writing, in lawful money of the United States of America, which shall be legal tender in payment of all debts and dues, public and private, at the time of payment. 
  If the Maker shall fail to make payment of any installment of principal or interest, within ten (10) days of its due date, or upon any default in the terms and provisions of any of the Security Documents, or upon any default in any other mortgage, trust deed, security agreement, or other instrument of pledge or hypothecation which now or hereafter secures the payment of the indebtedness evidenced hereby, or upon the occurrence of any Event of Default under the Loan Agreement (including the occurrence of an Event of Default under the Loan Agreement), or upon the death or dissolution of the Maker or (if the Maker, is a partnership, the death or dissolution of any general partner thereof), or upon any default in the payment or performance of any other indebtedness, liability or obligation now or hereafter owed by the Maker to the holder hereof, if any such default is not cured within any cure period applicable thereto, then and in any such event, the entire unpaid principal balance of the indebtedness evidenced hereby, together with all interest then accrued, shall, at the absolute option of the holder hereof, at once become due and payable, without demand or notice, the same being expressly waived and Bank may exercise any right, power or remedy permitted by law or equity, or as set forth herein or in the Loan Agreement or any other Loan Document. 
  If this Note is placed in the hands of an attorney for collection, by suit or otherwise, or to protect the security for its payment, or to enforce its collection, or to represent the rights of the Bank in connection with any loan documentation executed in connection herewith, or to defend successfully against any claim, cause of action or suit brought by the Maker against the Bank, the Maker shall pay on demand all costs of collection and litigation (including court costs), together with a reasonable attorney's fee.    These include, but are not limited to, the Bank's reasonable attorney's fees and legal expenses, whether or not there is a lawsuit, including attorney's fees for bankruptcy proceedings (including efforts to modify or vacate any automatic stay or injunction) and appeals. 
  The Bank and the Maker hereby waive the right to any jury trial in any action, proceeding, or counterclaim brought by either Bank or Maker against the other. 
  To the extent permitted by applicable law, the Bank reserves a right of setoff in all the Maker's accounts with the Bank (whether checking, savings, or some other account).  This includes all accounts the Maker may open in the future.  However, this   does   not include any IRA or Keogh  
  
   A-3 
  33 

accounts, or any trust accounts for which setoff would be prohibited by law.  The Maker authorizes the Bank, to the extent permitted by applicable law, to charge or setoff all sums owing on the indebtedness against any and all such accounts, and, at the Bank's option, to administratively freeze all such accounts to allow the Bank to protect the Bank's charge and setoff rights provided in this paragraph. 
  The undersigned agrees to furnish a current financial statement upon the request of the Bank from time to time, and further agrees to execute and deliver all other instruments and take such other actions as the Bank may from time to time reasonably request in order to carry out the provisions and intent hereof. 
  To help the government fight the funding of terrorism and money laundering activities, Federal law requires all financial institutions to obtain, verify, and record information that identifies each business entity that opens an account.  What this means to Maker:  When Maker opens an account, the Bank will ask for Federal Tax Identification Number, physical street address, full legal name of the Maker and other information that will allow the Bank to identify Maker.  The Bank may also ask Maker to provide copies of certain documents that will aid in confirming this information. 
  The Maker and any endorsers or guarantors hereof waive protest, demand, presentment, and notice of dishonor, and agree that this Note may be extended, in whole or in part, without limit as to the number of such extensions or the period or periods thereof, without notice to them and without affecting their liability thereon.  Maker agrees that borrowers, endorsers, guarantors and sureties may be added or released without notice and without affecting Maker s liability hereunder.  The liability of Maker shall not be affected by the failure of Bank to perfect or otherwise obtain or maintain the priority or validity of any security interest in any collateral.  The liability of Maker shall be absolute and unconditional and without regard to the liability of any other party hereto. 
  It is the intention of the Bank and the Maker to comply strictly with applicable usury laws; and, accordingly, in no event and upon no contingency shall the holder hereof ever be entitled to receive, collect, or apply as interest any interest, fees, charges or other payments equivalent to interest, in excess of the maximum effective contract rate which the Bank may lawfully charge under applicable statutes and laws from time to time in effect; and in the event that the holder hereof ever receives, collects, or applies as interest any such excess, such amount which, but for this provision, would be excessive interest, shall be applied to the reduction of the principal amount of the indebtedness hereby evidenced; and if the principal amount of the indebtedness evidenced hereby, all lawful interest thereon and all lawful fees and charges in connection therewith, are paid in full, any remaining excess shall forthwith be paid to the Maker, or other party lawfully entitled thereto.  All interest paid or agreed to be paid by the Maker shall, to the maximum extent permitted under applicable law, be amortized, prorated, allocated and spread throughout the full period until payment in full of the principal so that the interest hereon for such full period shall not exceed the maximum amount permitted by applicable law.  Any provision hereof, or of any other agreement between the holder hereof and the Maker, that operates to bind, obligate, or compel the Maker to pay interest in excess of such maximum effective contract rate shall be construed to require the payment of the maximum rate only.  The provisions of this paragraph shall be given precedence over any other provision contained herein  
  
   A-4 
  44 

or in any other agreement between the holder hereof and the Maker that is in conflict with the provisions of this paragraph. 
  This Note shall be governed and construed according to the statutes and laws of the State of Tennessee from time to time in effect, except to the extent that Section 85 of Title 12 of the United States Code (or other applicable federal statute) may permit the charging of a higher rate of interest than applicable state law, in which event such applicable federal statute, as amended and supplemented from time to time shall govern and control the maximum rate of interest permitted to be charged hereunder; it being intended that, as to the maximum rate of interest which may be charged, received, and collected hereunder, those applicable statutes and laws, whether state or federal, from time to time in effect, which permit the charging of a higher rate of interest, shall govern and control; provided, always, however, that in no event and under no circumstances shall the Maker be liable for the payment of interest in excess of the maximum rate permitted by such applicable law, from time to time in effect. 
  The principal amount of this Note may be prepaid in whole or in part at any time, and from time to time without penalty or premium, provided, however, that if an Interest Rate Swap has been entered into in connection with this Note, any full or partial prepayments of principal amounts due under this Note may require termination or adjustment of the Interest Rate Swap and may result in a payment due from Maker per the terms and conditions of the Interest Rate Swap. 
  This Note evidences a revolving line of credit.  Advances under this Note may be requested either orally or in writing by the Maker or by an authorized person.  The Bank may, but need not, require that all oral requests be confirmed in writing.  All communications, instructions, or directions by telephone or otherwise to the Bank are to be directed to the Bank at the Bank's address.  The Maker agrees to be liable for all sums either: (a) advanced in accordance with the instructions of an authorized person, or (b) credited to any of the Maker's accounts with the Bank.  The unpaid principal balance owing on this Note at any time may be evidenced by endorsements on this Note or by the Bank's internal records, including daily computer print-outs.  The Bank will have no obligation to advance funds under this Note if: (a) the Maker or any guarantor is in default under the terms of this Note or any agreement that the Maker or any guarantor has with the Bank, including any agreement made in connection with the signing of this Note; (b) the Maker or any guarantor ceases doing business or is insolvent; (c) any guarantor seeks, claims or otherwise attempts to limit, modify or revoke such guarantor's guarantee of this Note or any other loan with the Bank; or (d) the Maker has applied funds provided pursuant to this Note for purposes other than those authorized by the Bank. 
  Bank is hereby authorized to disclose any financial or other information about Maker to any regulatory body or agency having jurisdiction over Bank and to any present, future or prospective participant or successor in interest in any loan or other financial accommodation made by Bank to Maker.  The information provided may include, without limitation, amounts, terms, balances, payment history, return item history and any financial or other information about Maker.  However, subject to applicable law, Bank shall use reasonable efforts to protect the confidentiality of the terms and conditions of the Loan in all other respects. 
  The invalidity or unenforceability of any one or more provisions of this Note shall not render any other provision invalid or unenforceable.  In lieu of any invalid or unenforceable provision,  
  
   A-5 
  55 

there shall be added automatically a valid and enforceable provision as similar in terms to such invalid or unenforceable provision as may be possible. 
  The covenants, conditions, waivers, releases and agreements contained in this Note shall bind, and the benefits thereof shall inure to, the parties hereto and their respective heirs, executors, administrators, successors and assigns; provided, however, that this Note cannot be assigned by Maker without the prior written consent of Bank, and any such assignment or attempted assignment by Maker without consent shall be void and of no effect with respect to Bank. 
  Bank may from time to time sell or assign, in whole or in part, or grant participations in, the Loan, this Note and/or the obligations evidenced thereby.  The holder of any such sale, assignment or participation, if the applicable agreement between Bank and such holder so provides, shall be: (a) entitled to all of the rights, obligations and benefits of Bank; and (b) deemed to hold and may exercise the rights of setoff or banker s lien with respect to any and all obligations of such holder to Maker, in each case as fully as though Maker were directly indebted to such holder.  Bank may in its discretion give notice to Maker of such sale, assignment or participation; however, the failure to give such notice shall not affect any of Bank s or such holder s rights hereunder. 
  Maker irrevocably appoints each and every member and/or officer of Maker as its attorneys upon whom may be served, by certified mail at the address set forth in the Loan Agreement, or such other address as may be directed by Maker, in writing, any notice, process or pleading in any action or proceeding against it arising out of or in connection with this Note or any other Loan Document; and Maker hereby consents that any action or proceeding against it be commenced and maintained in any state or federal court sitting in Memphis, Shelby County, Tennessee, by service of process on any such owner, partner and/or officer; and Maker agrees that such courts of the State shall have jurisdiction with respect to the subject matter hereof and the person of Maker and all collateral securing the obligations of Maker.  Maker agrees not to assert any defense to any action or proceeding initiated by Bank based upon improper venue or inconvenient forum. 
  CITIZENS COMMUNITY BANCORP, INC.        By:          Title:                  MAKER 

A-6 
  66 

EXHIBIT B 
    
  [INTENTIONALLY OMITTED] 

B-1 
  11 

EXHIBIT C 
    
  ACTIONS, SUITS, OR OTHER PROCEEDINGS PENDING OR THREATENED AGAINST OR AFFECTING BORROWER OR ANY SUBSIDIARY 

None. 
  
   C-1 
  11 

EXHIBIT D 
    
  SUBSIDIARIES OF BORROWER 

None. 
  
   D-1 
  11 

EXHIBIT E 
    
  ADDITIONAL LIENS 

None. 
  
   E-1 
  11 

EXHIBIT F 
    
  OPTIONS, WARRANTS, OR OTHER RIGHTS, AGREEMENTS, OR 
  COMMITMENTS (INCLUDING CONVERSION RIGHTS AND 
  PREEMPTIVE RIGHTS) OBLIGATING BORROWER OR ANY 
  SUBSIDIARY TO ISSUE, SELL, PURCHASE, OR REDEEM 
  SHARES OR SECURITIES CONVERTIBLE INTO SHARES 

See attached. 
  
   F-1 
  11 

F-2 
  11 

F-3 
  11 

F-4 
  11 

F-5 

EXHIBIT G 
    
  INDEBTEDNESS NOT AUTHORIZED IN SECTION 6.1 

None. 
  
   G-1 
  11 

EXHIBIT H 
    
  COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE 
    
  [Place on Citizens Community Bancorp, Inc. Letterhead] 
    
  [DATE] 
     
  Mr. __________________________ 
  First Tennessee Bank National Association 
  Correspondent Banking 
  165 Madison Ave, 5th Floor 
  Memphis, TN  38103 
    
  Re:    Compliance Certificate 
    
  I, __________________________, ________________, of Citizens Community Bancorp, Inc., a Maryland corporation (the "Borrower"), certify to First Tennessee Bank National Association, a national banking association (the "Lender") that the attached financial statements for the period ending ______________   _____, 20___, present fairly the financial position and results of operations of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries.  The attached statements include all statements required to be delivered as of the date hereof pursuant to the Amended and Restated Loan Agreement dated September ____, 2016, between Lender and Borrower, as amended or modified from time to time (the "Loan Agreement").  This certification is provided to Lender under the provisions of Section 5.19 of the Loan Agreement.  Capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings given to them in the Loan Agreement. 
    
  [Remainder of Page Intentionally Left Blank] 
  
   H-1 
  11 

Loan Agreement Section - Covenant          Covenant            Actual            In Compliance ?           
    
  5.13(b) -    Risk-Based Capital Ratio            greater than or     
  equal to 12.00%        ________    [Yes]    [No] 
                           
  5.14     "Modified" Texas Ratio            less than or                               equal to 30.00%        ________    [Yes]    [No] 
       
  5.15      Return on Average Assets            at least          Adequacy                0.40%             
  after Sept. 30, 2017    0.45% 
  after Sept. 30, 2018    0.50%            ________    [Yes]    [No] 
    
  5.17    Loan to Value Ratio            less than or                               equal to 50%        ________    [Yes]    [No] 

By signing below I acknowledge that I have completed the above covenant compliance check, that all calculations were made in accordance with the terms and requirements of the applicable Loan Agreement sections, and that, to the best of my knowledge, except where indicated, the Borrower and its Subsidiaries are in compliance with all of the above covenants and all other affirmative and negative covenants, events of default, and all other terms of the agreements encompassing the Loan Agreement. 
    
  Citizens Community Bancorp, Inc.     
    
  By:                        
  Name: ________________________     
  Title:                        

H-2 
  11 

APPENDIX A 
    
  DEFINITIONS 
    
     Affiliate    shall have the same meaning assigned to it in applicable bank regulations. 
    
     Asset Disposition    shall mean the disposition (including the sale, lease or transfer) of any or all of the assets (including without limitation any common or preferred stock of the Bank or any other Subsidiary) of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries whether by sale, lease, transfer or otherwise. 
    
   Authorized Agent  shall mean  Stephen Bianchi (with an e-mail address of ______________________) or Mark C. Oldenberg (with an e-mail address of _____________________), or any such other person as may, from time to time, be designated as an Authorized Agent from Borrower to the Lender, by written notice executed by a duly authorized officer of the Borrower.  
    
       Average Assets        shall mean the year-to-date average of total assets of Bank. 
    
     Bank Regulatory Authority    shall mean the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, the Comptroller of the Currency, the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, and all other relevant bank regulatory authorities (including, without limitation, relevant state bank regulatory authorities). 
    
     Call Report    shall mean the Bank s Quarterly Report of Condition and Income. 
    
     Capital Stock    shall mean any and all shares, interests, participations or other equivalents (however designated) of capital stock or equity, whether now outstanding or issued after the date hereof, including all common stock, preferred stock, partnership interests and limited liability company member interests. 
    
     Change in  Law    means the occurrence, after the date of this Agreement, of any of the following: (a) the adoption or taking effect of any law, rule, regulation or treaty, (b) any change in any law, rule, regulation or treaty or in the administration, interpretation, implementation or application thereof by any Governmental Entity or (c) the making or issuance of any request, rule, guideline or directive (whether or not having the force of law) by any Governmental Entity;   provided   that notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, (i) the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and all requests, rules, guidelines or directives thereunder or issued in connection therewith and (ii) all requests, rules, regulations, guidelines or directives promulgated by the Bank for International Settlements, the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (or any successor or similar authority) or the United States or foreign regulatory authorities, in each case pursuant to Basel III, shall in each case be deemed to be a  Change in Law , regardless of the date enacted, adopted or issued. 

A-1 
  11 

Collateral    shall mean one million (1,000,000) shares of the common stock of the Bank as evidenced by Certificate No. 1. 
       
     Covenant Compliance Date    shall mean the last day of each fiscal quarter of the Borrower. 

Default    shall mean the occurrence of any event, circumstance, or condition which constitutes, or would, with the giving of notice, lapse of time, or both, constitute an Event of Default. 
    
     Environmental Laws    shall mean all federal, state, and local laws, including statutes, regulations, ordinances, codes, rules, and other governmental restrictions and requirements, relating to the discharge of air pollutants, water pollutants, or process waste water or otherwise relating to the environment or hazardous substances or the treatment, processing, storage, disposal, release, transport, or other handling thereof, including, but not limited to, the federal Solid Waste Disposal Act, the federal Clean Air Act, the federal Clean Water Act, the federal Resource Conservation and Recovery Act, the federal Hazardous Materials Transportation Act, the federal Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act of 1980, the federal Toxic Substances Control Act, regulations of the Nuclear Regulatory Agency, and regulations of any state department of natural resources or state environmental protection agency, in each case as now or at any time hereafter in effect. 
    
     Equity Issuance    shall mean any issuance by the Borrower to any person of shares of its Capital Stock, any shares of its Capital Stock pursuant to the exercise of options or warrants or any shares of its Capital Stock pursuant to the conversion of any debt to equity, after the Closing Date. 
    
     ERISA    shall mean the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended, and any successor statute thereto, as interpreted by the rules and regulations thereunder, all as the same may be in effect from time to time.  References to sections of ERISA shall be construed also to refer to any successor sections. 
    
     ERISA Affiliate    means an entity which is under common control with the Borrower within the meaning of Section 4001(a)(14) of ERISA, or is a member of a group which includes the Borrower and which is treated as a single employer under Sections 414(b) or (c) of the Code. 
    
     ERISA Event    means (i) with respect to any Plan, the occurrence of a Reportable Event or the substantial cessation of operations (within the meaning of Section 4062(e) of ERISA); (ii) the withdrawal by the Borrower, the Bank, or any other Subsidiary or any ERISA Affiliate from a Multiple Employer Plan during a plan year in which it was a substantial employer (as such term is defined in Section 4001(a)(2) of ERISA), or the termination of a Multiple Employer Plan; (iii) the distribution of a notice of intent to terminate or the actual termination of a Plan pursuant to Section 4041(a)(2) or 4041A of ERISA; (iv) the institution of proceedings to terminate or the actual termination of a Plan by the PBGC under Section 4042 of ERISA; (v) any event or condition which might constitute grounds under Section 4042 of ERISA for  
  
   A-2 
  22 

the termination of, or the appointment of a trustee to administer, any plan; (vi) the complete or partial withdrawal of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries or any ERISA Affiliate from a Multiemployer Plan; (vii) the conditions for imposition of a lien under Section 302(f) of ERISA exist with respect to any Plan; or (viii) the adoption of an amendment to any Plan requiring the provision of security to such Plan pursuant to Section 307 of ERISA. 
    
     Event of Default    shall have the meaning assigned to such term in   Section 7.1   of this Agreement. 
    
     GAAP    shall mean generally accepted accounting principles applied on a consistent basis, maintained throughout the period involved. 
    
     Governmental Entity    means the United States, any State, and/or any political subdivision, department, agency or instrumentality of any of the foregoing. 
    
     Interest Rate Swap    means (a) any and all rate swap transactions, basis swaps, credit derivative transactions, forward rate transactions, commodity swaps, commodity options, forward commodity contracts, equity or equity index swaps or options, bond or bond price or bond index swaps or options or forward bond or forward bond price or forward bond index transactions, interest rate options, forward foreign exchange transactions, cap transactions, floor transactions, collar transactions, currency swap transactions, cross-currency rate swap transactions, currency options, spot contracts, or any other similar transactions or any combination of any of  the foregoing (including any options to enter into any of the foregoing), whether or not any such transaction is governed by or subject to any master agreement, and (b) any and all transactions of any kind, and the related confirmations, which are subject to the terms and conditions of, or governed by, any form of master agreement published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc., any International Foreign Exchange Master Agreement, or any other master agreement (any such master agreement, together with any related schedules, a    Master Agreement   ), including any such obligations or liabilities under any Master Agreement, together with any related schedule and confirmation, as amended, supplemented, superseded or replaced from time to time. 
    
  "  Known  " to Borrower or "  Knowledge  " of Borrower means the actual knowledge, after due inquiry, of Stephen Bianchi and/or Mark C. Oldenberg. 
    
     Lien(s)    shall have the meaning set forth in   Section 4.11   of this Agreement and are more specifically set forth in   Exhibit E   attached hereto. 
    
     Local Authorities    means individually and collectively the state and local governmental authorities which govern the business and operations owned or conducted by the Borrower or its Subsidiaries. 
    
     Loan Documents    shall mean the Notes, the Agreement, the Pledge Agreement, stock certificates issued to Borrower evidencing the shares pledged pursuant to the Pledge Agreement, the Guaranty, stock powers with respect to such shares pledged as Collateral and  
  
   A-3 
  33 

any and all other documents, instruments or agreements evidencing, securing, guaranteeing or otherwise related to or delivered in connection with the Loans. 
    
     Loan-to-Value Ratio    shall mean the ratio that (a) (i) the then-outstanding balance of the Term Loan at the time of measurement plus (ii) the entire committed amount of the Revolving Loan bears to (b) the Bank's tangible common equity tier 1 capital at the time of measurement. 
    
      Modified  Texas Ratio    shall mean a fraction, expressed as a percentage, where the numerator is Non-Performing Assets, and where the denominator is the sum of Bank s Tier 1 Capital plus the entire balance of Bank s loan loss reserve, all determined on a basis satisfactory to Lender. 
    
     Multiple Employer Plan    shall mean a Plan which is a multiemployer plan as defined in Sections 3(37) or 4001(a)(3) of ERISA. 
    
     Non-Performing Assets    shall mean the sum of (1) all Non-Performing Loans and (2) Other Real Estate Owned listed in Call Reports and other such assets acquired through foreclosure or other realization upon collateral or rearrangement or satisfaction of Indebtedness.   
    
     Non-Performing Loans    shall mean the sum of (1) all loans classified internally or by a Bank Regulatory Authority as non-accrual plus (2) loans past due by 90 days or more plus (3) loans for which the obligee has reduced the agreed interest rate, reduced the principal or interest obligation, extend the maturity, applied interest payments to reduce principal, capitalized interest, or otherwise renegotiated the terms of the obligation based upon the actual or asserted inability of the obligor(s) of such loans to perform their obligations pursuant to the agreements with the obligee prior to such modification or renegotiation;   provided  ,   however  , that (a) loans for which the Borrower or the Bank has taken additional collateral satisfactory to it and therefore is prepared to make additional loan advances or any other loans which have been restructured and are performing in a manner satisfactory to the Borrower and (b) any portion of a Non-Performing Loan that is guaranteed by the United States government or an agency thereof in a manner acceptable to Lender shall not be included in the definition of Non-Performing Loans (but any un-guaranteed portion of a Non-Performing Loan covered by item (b) above shall be included as a Non-Performing Loan).     
    
     Notes    shall have the meaning assigned to such term in   Section 1.2   of this Agreement, together with any and all renewals, modifications, extensions and replacements thereof. 
    
     PATRIOT Act    means the USA PATRIOT Act (Title III of Pub. L. 107-56 (signed into law October 26, 2001)), as amended. 
    
     Permitted Encumbrances    shall mean and include: (a) liens for taxes, assessments or similar governmental charges not in default or being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings; (b) workmen s, vendors , mechanics  and materialmen s liens and other liens imposed by law incurred in the ordinary course of business, and easements and encumbrances which are not substantial in character or amount and do not materially detract from the value  
  
   A-4 
  44 

or interfere with the intended use of the properties subject thereto and affected thereby; (c) liens in respect of pledges or deposits under social security laws, workmen s compensation laws, unemployment insurance or similar legislation and in respect of pledges or deposits to secure bids, tenders, contracts (other than contracts for the payment of money), leases or statutory operations; and (d) such other liens and encumbrances to which Lender shall consent in writing, if any. 
    
     Person    means an individual, partnership, corporation, limited liability company, trust, unincorporated organization, association, joint venture or a government or agency or political subdivision thereof, joint stock company, or non-incorporated organization, or any other entity of any kind whatsoever. 
    
     Plan    means any employee benefit plan (as defined in Section 3(3) of ERISA) which is covered by ERISA and with respect to which the Borrower, the Bank, or any other Subsidiary or any ERISA affiliate is (or, if such plan were terminated at such time, would under Section 4069 of ERISA be deemed to be) an  employer  within the meaning of Section 3(5) of ERISA. 
    
     Pledge Agreement    shall mean that certain Amended and Restated Pledge and Security Agreement executed by Borrower for the benefit of Lender dated September ___, 2016 pledging the Collateral. 
    
     Reportable Event    means any of the events set forth in Section 4043(c) of ERISA, other than those events as to which the notice requirement has been waived by regulation. 
    
     Revolving Loan Termination Date    shall mean September ___, 2017.  
    
     Risk-Based Capital Ratio    shall have the meaning and be calculated as set forth in Appendix A to Title 12, Code of Federal Regulations, Part 225, Capital Adequacy Guidelines for Bank Holding Companies.  
    
     Sanctioned Country    means a country subject to a sanctions program identified on the list maintained by OFAC and available at http://www.treasury.gov/resource-center/sanctions/Programs/Pages/Programs.aspx, or as otherwise published from time to time. 
    
     Sanctioned Person    means (a) a Person named on the list of  Specially Designated Nationals and Blocked Persons  maintained by OFAC available at http://www.treasury.gov/resource-center/sanctions/SDN-List/Pages/default.aspx, or as otherwise published from time to time, or (b) (i) an agency of the government of a Sanctioned Country, (ii) an organization controlled by a Sanctioned Country, or (iii) a person resident in a Sanctioned Country, to the extent subject to a sanctions program administered by the U.S. Department of Treasury s Office of Foreign Assets Control. 
    
     Subsidiaries    or individually    Subsidiary    shall mean any partnership, corporation, limited liability company, trust, unincorporated organization, association, joint venture, or other entity other than Borrower in an unbroken chain of entities beginning with the Borrower with each  
  
   A-5 
  55 

of the entities or the Bank other than the last entity in the unbroken chain owning fifty percent (50%) or more of the total combined voting power of all classes of stock or other form of equity in one of the other entities or the Bank and are more specifically listed in   Exhibit D   attached hereto. 
    
     Supervisory Action    shall mean and include the issuance by or at the behest of any bank regulatory authority of a letter agreement, memorandum of understanding (regardless of whether consented or agreed to by the party to whom it is addressed), cease and desist order, injunction, directive, restraining order, formal agreement, notice of charges, or civil money penalties, against Borrower, the Bank, or any other Subsidiary or the directors or officers of any of them, whether temporary or permanent. 
    
     Term Loan Maturity Date    shall mean May 15, 2021.  
    
     Tier 1 Capital    shall have the meaning included in Appendix A to Title 12, Code of Federal Regulations, Part 225, Capital Adequacy Guidelines for Bank Holding Companies. 
    
     United States    means the government of the United States of America or any department, agency, division or instrumentality thereof. 

A-6 
  66 

SCHEDULE 4.6 
    
  SUPERVISORY ACTION(S) 
    
  None. 
  
   Sch. 4.611 

</EX-10.17>

<EX-10.18>
 3
 czwi-20160930xex1018.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.18

Exhibit 

AMENDED AND RESTATED PLEDGE AND SECURITY AGREEMENT 
    
    THIS PLEDGE AND SECURITY AGREEMENT   (   Agreement   ), dated September 30th, 2016, by and between   CITIZENS COMMUNITY BANCORP, INC.  , a Maryland corporation (   Pledgor   ) and   FIRST TENNESSEE BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION  , a national banking association (   Lender    
    
  W I T N E S S E T H: 
    
    WHEREAS  , Lender has extended certain loans and credit facilities to Pledgor pursuant to that certain Loan Agreement dated May 16, 2016 (   Original Loan Agreement   ) and that certain Amended and Restated Loan Agreement between Lender and Pledgor of even date herewith (the    Loan Agreement   ), and all capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined in this Agreement shall have the same meaning as set out in the Loan Agreement; and  
    
    WHEREAS  , pursuant to the Loan Agreement, Lender is willing to extend such loans and credit facilities to Pledgor only upon Pledgor executing this Agreement for the purpose of securing all Obligations (as hereinafter defined) of Pledgor to Lender. 
    
    NOW THEREFORE,   in consideration of the foregoing, and to enable Pledgor to obtain loans and other extensions of credit from Lender and to induce Lender to have transactions with Pledgor, Pledgor agrees as follows: 
    
  1.  Pledge  .  As collateral security for the payment and performance in full of the Obligations, Pledgor hereby pledges, hypothecates, assigns, transfers, sets over and delivers unto Lender, and hereby grants to Lender a first lien security interest in, the collateral described in   Schedule A  , together with the proceeds thereof and all cash, additional securities or other property at any time and from time to time receivable or otherwise distributable in respect of, in exchange for, or in substitution for any and all such pledged securities (all such pledged securities, the proceeds thereof, cash, dividends, additional securities and other property now or hereafter pledged hereunder are hereinafter collectively called the    Pledged Securities    
    
  TO HAVE AND TO HOLD the Pledged Securities, together with all rights, titles, interests, powers, privileges and preferences pertaining or incidental thereto, unto Lender, its successors and assigns; subject, however, to the terms, covenants and conditions hereinafter set forth.  Pledgee agrees to hold the Pledged Securities to secure the payment of the Obligations and shall not encumber or otherwise dispose of such Pledged Securities except in accordance with the terms and provisions of this Agreement. 
    
  Upon delivery to Lender, the Pledged Securities shall be accompanied by executed stock powers in blank and by such other instruments or documents as Lender or its counsel may reasonably request.  Each delivery of certificates for such Pledged Securities shall be accompanied by a schedule showing the number of shares and the numbers of the certificates theretofore and then pledged hereunder, which schedule shall be attached hereto as   Schedule A   and made a part hereof.  Each schedule so delivered shall supersede any prior schedule so delivered. 
  
   11 

2.        Obligations Secured  .  This Agreement is made, and the security interest created hereby is granted to Lender, to secure full payment and performance of any and all indebtedness and other obligations of Pledgor to Lender, direct or contingent, however evidenced or denominated, and however or whenever incurred, including without limitation (a) indebtedness incurred pursuant to any past, present or future commitment of Lender to Pledgor, including without limitation that certain Eleven Million Dollar ($11,000,000.00) term loan and that certain Three Million Dollar ($3,000,000.00) revolving loan, both governed by the Loan Agreement, and all other indebtedness or obligations of Pledgor or Bank (hereinafter defined) under or evidenced by the Notes, Loan Agreement and other Loan Documents, as each of them may be amended from time to time and (b) all indebtedness, liabilities, obligations, covenants and duties of Pledgor to the Lender, of every kind, nature and description arising under of in respect of any Lender Product (hereinafter defined) (including arising under or in respect of any guaranty thereof), whether direct or indirect, absolute or contingent, due or not due, contractual or tortious, liquidated or unliquidated, in each case now existing or hereafter arising (all of the foregoing, collectively, the    Obligations    except that the indebtedness and other liabilities secured by this Agreement shall not include any indebtedness subject to the disclosure requirements of the Federal Truth-in-Lending Act if at the time such indebtedness is created or incurred, any legally required disclosure of this security interest shall not have been made.  As used herein, "  Lender Products  " means any of the following that the Lender provides, to or enters into with the Pledgor:  (i) any deposit, lockbox, Cash Management Services (hereinafter defined), or other cash management agreement, (ii) any Swap Contract, (iii) any credit cards, purchase cards and/or debit cards, and (iv) any other product, service or agreement pursuant to which Pledgor is indebted to the Lender.  As used herein, "  Cash Management Services  " means any services provided from time to time by the Lender to Pledgor in connection with the operating, collections, payroll, trust or other depository or disbursement accounts, including automated clearinghouse, e-payable, electronic funds transfer, wire transfer, controlled disbursement, overdraft, depository, information reporting, lockbox and stop payment services. 
    
  3.        Representations and Warranties  .  Pledgor hereby represents and warrants to Lender (a) that Pledgor is the legal and equitable owner of the Pledged Securities, that Pledgor has the complete and unconditional authority to pledge the Pledged Securities being pledged by it, and holds the same free and clear of all liens, charges, encumbrances and security interests of every kind and nature; (b) that no consent or approval of any governmental body or regulatory authority, or of any other party, which was or is necessary to the validity of this pledge, has not been obtained; and (c) that the Pledged Securities represent one hundred percent (100%) of the issued and outstanding Capital Stock of Citizens Community Federal National Association, a national banking association (the "  Bank  ").  Pledgor further represents and warrants that no part of the Obligations will be used to purchase or carry any  margin stock , as defined in Regulation U of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, 12 CFR   221.1   et seq  . 
    
  4.        Covenants  .  Pledgor hereby further covenants and agrees with Lender as follows, until all Obligations have been fully paid and performed (or unless specifically waived by Lender in writing): 

(a)        No Disposition, Etc  .  The Pledgor shall not sell, assign, transfer, exchange, or otherwise dispose of, or grant any option with respect to, any of the Pledged Securities, nor will it create, incur or permit to exist any pledge, lien, mortgage, hypothecation, security interest, charge, option or any other encumbrance with respect to any of the Pledged Securities, or any interest therein, or any proceeds thereof, except for the lien and security interest provided for by this Agreement. 
    
  (b)        Share Adjustments  .  All new, substitute, and additional shares, or other securities, issued by reason of any share dividend, reclassification, recapitalization, adjustment or other change declared or made in the capital structure of the Bank (subject to obtaining Lender s prior written consent thereto as required by the Loan Documents), which are issued in respect of the Pledged Securities, shall be delivered to and held by Lender under the terms of this Agreement in the same manner as the Pledged Securities originally pledged hereunder. 
    
  (c)        Warrants and Rights  .  In the event that subscription warrants or any other rights or options shall be issued in connection with any of the Pledged Securities (subject to obtaining Lender s prior written consent thereto as required by the Loan Documents), such warrants, rights, and options shall be immediately assigned to Lender to be held under the terms of this Agreement in the same manner as the Pledged Securities originally pledged hereunder. 
    
  (d)        No Dilution  .  Pledgor shall not consent to, approve, or permit to occur any change in the capital structure of the Bank which would result in any dilution of the percentage of stock ownership represented by the Pledged Securities as determined immediately prior to the acquisition of the Pledged Securities by Pledgor. 
    
  5.        Registration in Nominee Name; Denominations  .  Lender shall have the right (in its sole and absolute discretion) to hold the certificates representing the Pledged Securities in its own name or in the name of the Pledgor, endorsed or assigned in blank or in favor of Lender.  Upon request and delivery of certificates representing the Pledged Securities to the issuer of the Pledged Securities, Lender may have such Pledged Securities registered in the name of Lender or any nominee or nominees of Lender.  Lender shall at all times have the right to exchange the certificates representing Pledged Securities for certificates of smaller or larger denominations for any purpose consistent with this Agreement. 
    
  6.        Dividends  .  Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, so long as Pledgor is not in default of any of the terms of the Obligations, all cash dividends paid in respect of the Pledged Securities, if any (subject to obtaining Lender s prior written consent thereto, if required by the Loan Documents), shall be the property of Pledgor.  If any default or Event of Default occurs, all such cash dividends shall thereafter be paid to Lender and applied in reduction of the Obligations, in such order of priority as Lender shall determine in its sole discretion. 
    
  7.        Voting Rights  . 
    
  (a)        Provided that no default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing hereunder or under any other Loan Documents: 

(i)        Pledgor shall be entitled to exercise or refrain from exercising the voting rights attributable to the Pledged Securities or any part thereof for any purpose not inconsistent with the terms and conditions of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, and 
    
  (ii)        Lender will execute and deliver any proxies or other instruments reasonably requested by Pledgor for the purpose of enabling Pledgor to exercise the voting rights that it is entitled to exercise pursuant to   subparagraph 7(a)(1)  . 
    
  (b)        Upon the occurrence and during the continuance of a default or Event of Default hereunder or under any other Loan Documents, all rights of Pledgor to exercise or refrain from exercising the voting rights attributable to the Pledged Securities or any part thereof pursuant to   subparagraph 7(a)(1)   or otherwise shall cease, and Lender and its successors and assigns shall have the sole right to exercise or refrain from exercising such rights after obtaining all necessary regulatory approvals.  In furtherance of the foregoing, Pledgor hereby makes, constitutes and appoints Lender and its officers as the proxies and attorneys-in-fact of and for Pledgor, with full power to exercise or to refrain from exercising any and all voting rights attributable to the Pledged Securities upon the occurrence and during the continuance of any such default or event of default.  The foregoing appointment and power, being coupled with an interest, are irrevocable until the Obligations have been fully and irreversibly satisfied. 
    
  8.        Remedies Upon Default  . 
    
  (a)        Upon the occurrence of any Event of Default, Lender shall have all of the rights, powers, privileges, options and remedies of a secured party under the Uniform Commercial Code as in effect in the State of Tennessee, and without limiting the foregoing, Lender may (1) collect any and all amounts payable in respect of the Pledged Securities and exercise any and all rights, powers, privileges, options and remedies of the holder and owner thereof, and (2) sell, transfer or negotiate the Pledged Securities, or any part thereof, at public or private sale, for cash, upon credit or for future delivery as Lender shall deem appropriate, including without limitation, at Lender s option, the purchase of all or any part of the Pledged Securities at any public sale by Lender.  Upon consummation of any sale, Lender shall have the right to assign, transfer and deliver to the purchaser or purchasers thereof the Pledged Securities so sold.  Each such purchaser at any such sale shall hold the property sold absolutely, free from any claim or right on the part of Pledgor, and Pledgor hereby waives (to the extent permitted by law) all rights of redemption, stay or appraisal that Pledgor now has or may at any time in the future have under any rule of law or statute now existing or hereinafter enacted.  Pledgor hereby expressly waives notice to redeem and notice of the time, place and manner of such sale. 
    
  (b)        Pledgor recognizes that, by reason of certain prohibitions contained in the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the    Securities Act   ), applicable state securities laws, and other applicable laws, rules and regulations (including without limitation the rules and regulations of any Bank Regulatory Authority), Lender may be compelled, with respect to any sale of all or any part of the Pledged Securities, to limit purchasers to those who agree, among other things, to acquire such  

Pledged Securities for their own account, for investment and not with a view to the distribution or resale thereof.  Pledgor acknowledges that any such private sales may be at prices and on terms less favorable than those obtainable through a public sale without such restrictions (including, without limitation, a public offering made pursuant to a registration statement under the Securities Act), and, notwithstanding such circumstances, Pledgor agrees that any such private sale shall be deemed to have been made in a commercially reasonable manner and that Lender shall have no obligation to engage in public sales and no obligation to delay the sale of any of the Pledged Securities for the period of time necessary to permit the issuer thereof to register such sale under the Securities Act or under applicable state securities laws, even if Pledgor would agree to do so. 
    
  (c)        If Lender determines to exercise its right to sell any or all of the Pledged Securities, upon written request, Pledgor from time to time shall, and shall cause each issuer of the Pledged Securities to be sold hereunder to, furnish to Lender all such information as Lender may request in order to determine the number of shares and other instruments included in the Pledged Securities that may be sold by Lender as exempt transactions under the Securities Act and the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission thereunder, as the same are from time to time in effect. 
    
  9.        Application of Proceeds  .  The proceeds of the sale of Pledged Securities sold pursuant to   Section 8  , and the proceeds of the exercise of any of Lender s other remedies hereunder, shall be applied by Lender as follows: 
    
  First  :  To the payment of all reasonable costs and expenses incurred by Lender in connection with any such sale, including, but not limited to, all court costs and the reasonable fees and expenses of counsel for Lender in connection therewith, and 
    
  Second  :  To the payment in full of the Obligations, in such order of priority as Lender shall determine, in its sole discretion, and 
    
  Third  :  The excess, if any, shall be paid to Pledgor or any other person lawfully thereunto entitled. 
    
  10.        Reimbursement of Lender  .  Pledgor agrees to reimburse Lender, upon demand, for all expenses, including without limitation reasonable attorney s fees, incurred by it in connection with the administration and enforcement of this Agreement, and agrees to indemnify Lender and hold it harmless from and against any and all liability incurred by it hereunder or in connection herewith, unless such liability shall be due to fraud, willful misconduct or gross negligence on the part of Lender. 
    
  11.        No Waiver  .  No failure on the part of Lender to exercise, and no delay in exercising, any right, power or remedy hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise of any such right, power or remedy by Lender preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right, power or remedy.  All remedies are cumulative and are not exclusive of any other remedies provided by law. 

12.        Limitation of Liability  .  The powers conferred on Lender hereunder are solely to protect its interests in the Pledged Securities, and shall not impose any duty upon Lender to exercise any such powers.  Except for the exercise of reasonable care in the custody and preservation of the certificates or other instruments representing Pledged Securities in its possession and the accounting for monies actually received by it hereunder, Lender shall have no duty as to any Pledged Securities.  Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, Lender shall have no responsibility for (a) ascertaining or taking action with respect to calls, conversions, exchanges, maturities, tenders or other matters relating to any Pledged Securities, regardless of whether Lender has or is deemed to have knowledge of such matters, (b) taking any necessary steps (other than steps in accordance with the standard of care set forth above to maintain possession of the certificates or other instruments representing Pledged Securities in its possession) to preserve rights against any parties with respect to the Pledged Securities, (c) taking any necessary steps to collect or realize upon any of the Obligations or any of the Pledged Securities, or (d) initiating any action to protect the Pledged Securities against the possibility of a decline in market value.  Lender shall be deemed to have exercised reasonable care in the custody and preservation of the certificates or other instruments representing Pledged Securities in its possession if such items are accorded treatment substantially equal to that which Lender accords its own property consisting of negotiable securities. 
    
  13.        Counterparts  .  This Agreement may be executed in multiple counterparts or copies, each of which shall be deemed an original hereof for all purposes.  One or more counterparts or copies of this Agreement may be executed by one or more of the parties hereto, and some different counterparts or copies executed by one or more of the other parties.  Each counterpart or copy hereof executed by any party hereto shall be binding upon the party executing same even though other parties may execute one or more different counterparts or copies, and all counterparts or copies hereof so executed shall constitute but one and the same agreement.  Each party hereto, by execution of one or more counterparts or copies hereof, expressly authorizes and directs any other party hereto to detach the signature pages and any corresponding acknowledgment, attestation, witness or similar pages relating thereto from any such counterpart or copy hereof executed by the authorizing party and affix same to one or more other identical counterparts or copies hereof so that upon execution of multiple counterparts or copies hereof by all parties hereto, there shall be one or more counterparts or copies hereof to which is(are) attached signature pages containing signatures of all parties hereto and any corresponding acknowledgment, attestation, witness or similar pages relating thereto. 
    
  14.        Binding Agreement  .  This Agreement and the terms, covenants and conditions hereof shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and to all holders of indebtedness secured hereby and their respective successors and assigns. 
    
  15.        Further Assurances  .  Pledgor agrees to do such further acts and things, and to execute and deliver such additional conveyances, assignments, agreements and instruments (including but not limited to the execution and delivery and filing of UCC financing statements with respect to the security interests of this Agreement), as Lender at any time may request in connection with the administration and enforcement of this Agreement or relative to the Pledged Securities or any part thereof or in order to assure and confirm unto Lender its rights and remedies hereunder. 

16.        Severability  .  If any provision of this Agreement or the application thereof to any person or circumstance shall be invalid or unenforceable to any extent, the remainder of this Agreement or the application of such provision to other persons or circumstances shall not be affected thereby and shall be enforceable to the greatest extent permitted by law. 
    
  17.        Miscellaneous  . 
    
  (a)        This Agreement shall be governed by and construed according to the laws of the State of Tennessee, without reference to the conflicts or choice of law principles thereof. 
    
  (b)        Neither this Agreement nor any provision hereof may be altered, amended, modified or changed, nor may any of the Pledged Securities be released, except by an instrument in writing signed by the party against whom enforcement of such alteration, amendment, modification, change or release is sought. 
    
  (c)        The headings in this Agreement and the usage herein of defined terms are for convenience of reference only, and shall not be construed as amplifying, limiting or otherwise affecting the substantive provisions hereof. 
    
  (d)        Any reference herein to any instrument, document or agreement, by whatever terminology used, shall be deemed to include any and all past, present or future amendments, restatements, modifications, supplements, extensions, renewals or replacements thereof, as the context may require. 
    
  (e)        All references herein to the preamble, the recitals or sections, paragraphs, subparagraphs, schedules or exhibits are to the preamble, recitals, sections, paragraphs, subparagraphs, schedules and exhibits of or to this Agreement unless otherwise specified.  The words  hereof ,  herein  and  hereunder  and words of similar import, when used in this Agreement, refer to this Agreement as a whole and not to any particular provision of this Agreement. 
    
  (f)        When used herein, (1) the singular shall include the plural, and vice versa, and the use of the masculine, feminine or neuter gender shall include all other genders, as appropriate, (2)  include ,  includes  and  including  shall be deemed to be followed by  without limitation  regardless of whether such words or words of like import in fact follow same, and (3) unless the context clearly indicates otherwise, the disjunctive  or  shall include the conjunctive  and . 
    
  (g)        Any reference herein to any law shall be a reference to such law as in effect from time to time and shall include any rules and regulations promulgated or published thereunder and published interpretations thereof. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF,   Pledgor and Lender have executed this Agreement, or have caused this Agreement to be duly executed by a duly authorized officer, all as of the day first above written. 

PLEDGOR  : 
    
  CITIZENS COMMUNITY BANCORP, INC.  , a Maryland corporation 

By: /s/ Mark C. Oldenberg 
  Name:  Mark C. Oldenberg 
  Title:  EVP/CFO 

LENDER  : 
    
  FIRST TENNESSEE BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION  , a national banking association 

By: /s/ Jeff Gach 
  Name:  Jeff Gach 
  Title:  VP 

SCHEDULE A 
    
  Pledged Securities 
    
                     ISSUER: 
    NO. OF SHARES: 
    CLASS: 
    CERTIFICATE NO(S).: 
    
      Citizens Community Federal National Association 
    1,000,000 
    Common 
    1 

</EX-10.18>

<EX-23>
 4
 czwi-20160930xex23.htm
 EXHIBIT 23

Exhibit 

Exhibit 23 

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

We consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements on Form S-8 (File Nos. 333 127996 and 333 128252 and 333-190877) of Citizens Community Bancorp, Inc. and Subsidiary of our report dated     December 29, 2016  , relating to the consolidated financial statements, which appears in this annual report on Form 10 K for the year ended September 30, 2016.  

/s/ BAKER TILLY VIRCHOW KRAUSE, LLP 

Minneapolis, Minnesota 
  December 29, 2016 

</EX-23>

<EX-31.1>
 5
 czwi-20160930xex311.htm
 SECTION 302 CEO CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 

EXHIBIT 31.1 
  CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
  PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
  I, Stephen M. Bianchi, certify that: 
           1) 
    I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Citizens Community Bancorp, Inc.; 
              2) 
    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
              3) 
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
              4) 
    The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
              a) 
    Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
              b) 
    Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
              c) 
    Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
              d) 
    Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
              5) 
    The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
              a) 
    All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
              b) 
    Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
                        Date:  December 29, 2016       
    By: 
      
    /s/ Stephen M. Bianchi       

Stephen M. Bianchi 

Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 6
 czwi-20160930xex312.htm
 SECTION 302 CFO CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 

EXHIBIT 31.2 
  CERTIFICATION OF CHIEFFINANCIAL OFFICER 
  PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
  I, Mark C. Oldenberg, certify that: 
           1) 
    I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Citizens Community Bancorp, Inc.; 
              2) 
    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
              3) 
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
              4) 
    The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
              a) 
    Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
              b) 
    Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
              c) 
    Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
              d) 
    Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
              5) 
    The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
              a) 
    All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
              b) 
    Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
                        Date:  December 29, 2016      
    By: 
      
    /s/ Mark C. Oldenberg 

Mark C. Oldenberg 

Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 7
 czwi-20160930xex321.htm
 SECTION 906 CEO AND CFO CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 

EXHIBIT 32.1 
  CERTIFICATION OF PERIODIC FINANCIAL REPORT 
  PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 
  Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, each of the undersigned officers of Citizens Community Bancorp, Inc. (the  Company ) certifies that the Annual Report of the Company on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended   September 30, 2016  , fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and that the information contained in such report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company as of the dates and for the periods presented in the financial statements included in such report. 
    
                     Date:  December 29, 2016 
    By:   
      
    /s/ Stephen M. Bianchi 

Stephen M. Bianchi 

Chief Executive Officer 

Date:  December 29, 2016 
    By:   
      
    /s/ Mark C. Oldenberg 

Mark C. Oldenberg 

Chief Financial Officer 

The above certifications are made solely for the purpose of 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, subject to the knowledge standard contained therein, and not for any other purpose. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.INS>
 8
 czwi-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 9
 czwi-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 10
 czwi-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 11
 czwi-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 12
 czwi-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 13
 czwi-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

