<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161114_10-Q_edgar_data_351998_0000351998-16-000065_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>2318862</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>103782</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>124009</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>800589</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>625763</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>470083</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>23</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>7</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000351998-16-000065.hdr.sgml : 20161111
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161110184813
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000351998-16-000065
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		51
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161114
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161110

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			DATA I/O CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000351998
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	INSTRUMENTS FOR MEAS & TESTING OF ELECTRICITY & ELEC SIGNALS [3825]
		IRS NUMBER:				910864123
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			WA
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1211

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-10394
		FILM NUMBER:		161989573

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		6645 185TH AVE NE, SUITE 100
		CITY:			REDMOND
		STATE:			WA
		ZIP:			98052
		BUSINESS PHONE:		4258676922

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		6645 185TH AVE NE, SUITE 100
		CITY:			REDMOND
		STATE:			WA
		ZIP:			98052

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000351998-16-000065.txt : 20161114

10-Q
 1
 f10q_09302016.htm

f10q_09302016.htm - Generated by SEC Publisher for SEC Filing 

UNITED STATES  

  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE
COMMISSION  

  Washington, D.C.  20549  

FORM
10-Q   

(Mark One)  

(X)  

QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO
  SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934   

For the quarterly period ended    September 30, 2016   

or  

(  )  

TRANSITION
  REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE   
     SECURITIES
  EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934   

For the transition period from     ________________
  to ________________  

Indicate by check
mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by
Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding
12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file
such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the
past 90 days.    

  Yes    X     No __  

  Indicate by check
mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its
corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be
submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this
chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the
registrant was required to submit and post such files).  Yes    X     No __  

  Indicate by check
mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer,
a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company.  See the definitions
of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting
company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.  

  Large accelerated
filer __  Accelerated filer __  Non-accelerated filer __  Smaller reporting
company    X   

  Indicate by check
mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the
Exchange Act).  Yes  _ No   X   

Shares of
Common Stock, no par value, outstanding as of October 26, 2016:  

7,992,394

1      

DATA I/O
  CORPORATION   

FORM 10-Q   

For the Quarter Ended     September 30, 2016   

INDEX   

Part I.  

Financial Information   

Page   

Item 1.  

Financial Statements  

3  

Item 2.  

Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and
  Results of Operations  

15  

Item 3.  

Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk  

23  

Item 4.  

Controls and Procedures  

23  

Part II  

Other Information   

Item 1.  

Legal Proceedings  

24  

Item 1A.  

Risk Factors  

24  

Item 2.  

Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds  

24  

Item 3.  

Defaults Upon Senior Securities  

24  

Item 4.  

Mine Safety Disclosures  

24  

Item 5.  

Other Information  

24  

Item 6.  

Exhibits  

24  

Signatures  

26  

2      

PART I -
FINANCIAL INFORMATION   

Item 1.                            Financial Statements    

3      

4      

5      

6      

DATA I/O
CORPORATION   

   NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   

   (UNAUDITED)   

NOTE 1 - FINANCIAL STATEMENT
PREPARATION   

  Data I/O Corporation
( Data I/O ,  We ,  Our ,  Us ) prepared the financial statements as of September
30, 2016 and September 30, 2015 according to the rules and regulations of the
Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ). These statements are
unaudited but, in the opinion of management, include all adjustments
(consisting of normal recurring adjustments and accruals) necessary to present
fairly the results for the periods presented.  The balance sheet at December
31, 2015 has been derived from the audited financial statements at that date.  We
have condensed or omitted certain information and footnote disclosures normally
included in financial statements prepared in accordance with accounting
principles generally accepted in the United States of America according to such
SEC rules and regulations.  Operating results for the three and nine months ended
September 30, 2016 are not necessarily indicative of the results that may be
expected for the year ending December 31, 2016.  These financial statements
should be read in conjunction with the annual audited financial statements and
the accompanying notes included in our Form 10-K for the year ended December
31, 2015.  

Revenue
Recognition    

We recognize revenue
at the time the product is shipped.  We have determined that our programming
equipment has reached a point of maturity and stability such that product
acceptance can be assured by testing at the factory prior to shipment and that
the installation meets the criteria to be considered a separate element.  These
systems are standard products with published product specifications and are
configurable with standard options.  The evidence that these systems could be
deemed as accepted was based upon having standardized factory production of the
units, results from batteries of tests of product performance to our published
specifications, quality inspections and installation standardization, as well
as past product operation validation with the customer and the history provided
by our installed base of products upon which the current versions were based.  

The revenue related
to products requiring installation that is perfunctory is recognized at the
time of shipment.  Installation that is considered perfunctory includes any
installation that can be performed by other parties, such as distributors,
other vendors, or in most cases the customers themselves.  This takes into
account the complexity, skill and training needed as well as customer
expectations regarding installation.  

We enter into
multiple deliverable arrangements that arise during the sale of a system that
includes an installation component, a service and support component and a
software maintenance component.  We allocate the value of each element based on
relative selling prices.  Relative selling price is based on the selling price
of the standalone system.  For the installation and service and support
components, we use the value of the discount given to distributors who perform
these components.  For software maintenance components, we use what we charge
for annual software maintenance renewals after the initial year the system is
sold.  Revenue is recognized on the system sale based on shipping terms,
installation revenue is recognized after the installation is performed, and
hardware service and support and software maintenance revenue is recognized
ratably over the term of the agreement, typically one year.  

When
we sell software separately, we recognize software revenue upon shipment,
provided that only inconsequential obligations remain on our part and substantive
acceptance conditions, if any, have been met.  

We
recognize revenue when persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists, shipment
has occurred, the price is fixed or determinable, the buyer has paid or is
obligated to pay, collectability is reasonably assured, substantive acceptance conditions, if any, have been
met, the obligation is not contingent on resale of the product, the buyer s
obligation would not be changed in the event of theft, physical destruction or
damage to the product, the buyer acquiring the product for resale has economic
substance apart from us and we do not have significant obligations for future
performance to directly bring about the resale of the product by the buyer.  We
establish a reserve for   sales returns based on
historical trends in product returns and estimates for new items.  

7      

We
transfer certain products out of service from their internal use and make them
available for sale.  The products transferred are our standard products in one
of the following areas: service loaners, rental or test units; engineering test
units; or sales demonstration equipment.  Once transferred, the equipment is
sold by our regular sales channels as used equipment inventory.  These product
units often involve refurbishing and an equipment warranty, and are conducted
as sales in our normal and ordinary course of business.  The transfer amount is
the product unit s net book value and the sale transaction is accounted for as
revenue and cost of goods sold.  

Stock-Based
Compensation Expense   

We measure and
recognize compensation expense as required for all share-based payment awards,
including employee stock options and restricted stock unit awards, based on
estimated fair values and estimated forfeiture rate on the grant dates.   

Income
Tax   

Historically,
when accounting for uncertainty in income taxes, we have not incurred any
interest or penalties associated with tax matters and no interest or penalties
were recognized during the three and nine months ended   September 30, 2016  .  However,
we have adopted a policy whereby amounts related to penalties associated with
tax matters are classified as general and administrative expense when incurred
and amounts related to interest associated with tax matters are classified as
interest income or interest expense.   

We have
incurred net operating losses in certain past years.  We continue to
maintain a valuation allowance for the full amount of the net deferred tax
asset balance associated with our net operating losses and credit
carryforwards, as sufficient uncertainty exists regarding our ability to
realize such tax assets in the future.  There were   $222,000 and $211,000   of unrecognized
tax benefits related to uncertain tax positions and related valuation allowance
as of   September 30, 2016   and 2015, respectively.  

Tax
years that remain open for   examination
include 2013, 2014, and 2015     in the United States of America.  In addition,   tax
years from 2001 to 2012 may be subject to examination in the event that we
utilize the net operating losses and credit carryforwards from those years in our
current   or future year tax returns.   

Recent Accounting Pronouncements   

In March
2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-09, Compensation-Stock Compensation (ASU
2016-09),  Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting .  ASU
2016-09 requires excess tax benefits to be recognized in the statement of
operations as an income tax expense and is applied prospectively by means of a
cumulative-effect adjustment of excess tax benefits from equity in the period
of adoption. The standard establishes an alternative practical expedient for
estimating the expected term of an award by recognizing the effects of
forfeitures in compensation cost when the forfeitures occur. Adoption of the
alternative practical expedient is applied prospectively on an entity-wide
basis. The standard requires that amounts paid to a taxing authority on the
employee s behalf as a result of directly withholding shares for
tax-withholding purposes are to be presented on a retrospective basis as a
financing activity on the statement of cash flows. The standard becomes
effective beginning January 1, 2017. We are in the process of evaluating the
impact of adoption on our consolidated financial statements.  

In
February 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-02,     Leases     (ASU 2016-02).
 ASU 2016-02 requires lessees to recognize almost all leases on the
balance sheet as a right-of-use asset and a lease liability and requires leases
to be classified as either an operating or a finance type lease. The standard
excludes leases of intangible assets or inventory. Early adoption of the
standard is allowed. The standard becomes effective beginning January 1, 2019. 
  We are in the process of evaluating the
impact of adoption on our consolidated financial statements.  

8      

In May 2014, the FASB issued ASU 2014-09,     Revenue
from Contracts with Customers     (ASU 2014-09).  ASU 2014-09 provides
companies with a single model for accounting for revenue arising from contracts
with customers and supersedes current revenue recognition guidance, including
industry-specific revenue guidance. The core principle of the model is to
recognize revenue when control of the goods or services transfers to the
customer, as opposed to recognizing revenue when the risks and rewards transfer
to the customer under the existing revenue guidance.  In August 2015, the
FASB issued ASU 2015-14,     Revenue from Contracts with Customers     (ASU
2015-14).  ASU 2015-14 defers the effective date of the new revenue recognition
standard by one year. As such, it now takes effect for public entities in
fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017.  We are in the process of
evaluating the impact of adoption on our consolidated financial statements.  

NOTE 2  
INVENTORIES   

NOTE 3   PROPERTY, PLANT AND
EQUIPMENT, NET   

  Property
and equipment consisted of the following components:  

NOTE 4   BUSINESS
RESTRUCTURING   

  Our previous
years  restructure actions have been fully implemented.  As a result of the lease amendment discussed in Note
6,  Operating Lease Commitments , which started in July 2015, the balance of
the restructure liability of approximately $120,000 was incorporated into our deferred
rent liability at July 2015 as part of the new lease incentive.  

9      

NOTE 5   OTHER ACCRUED LIABILITIES   

  Other accrued
liabilities consisted of the following components:  

The
changes in our product warranty liability for the nine months ending September 30, 2016 are as follows:     

NOTE 6  
OPERATING LEASE COMMITMENTS   

  We have
commitments under non-cancelable operating leases and other agreements,
primarily for factory and office space, with initial or remaining terms of one
year or more as follows:  

  For
the years ending December 31:   

10      

During
the second quarter of 2015, we amended our lease agreement for the Redmond,
Washington headquarters facility effective July 8, 2015. The amended lease
resulted in our headquarters relocating to a nearby building, extending the
term through April 2021, lowering the square footage to approximately 20,460,
providing lease inducement incentives and lowering the rental rate. The new
lease commitment of approximately $1.7 million will be paid over the term of
the lease. As a result of this lease amendment, the remaining balance of the
restructure liability of approximately $120,000 was incorporated into our
deferred rent liability in July, 2015.  

We renewed our lease agreement for what is now our former
Shanghai, China facility, effective June 15, 2015, extending the term through
December 31, 2015.  Operations continued in this facility through January 31,
2016.    In October 2015, we signed a lease
agreement for a new facility located in Shanghai, China which was effective
November 1, 2015 and extends through October 31, 2021.  The new lease
approximately doubled our space to 19,400 square feet at approximately 54% of
the prior lease rental rate.   

Our lease for our Munich, Germany facility is for
approximately 4,306 square feet and is scheduled to end May 31, 2017.  

NOTE 7   OTHER
COMMITMENTS   

  We have purchase
obligations for inventory and production costs as well as other obligations
such as capital expenditures, service contracts, marketing, and development
agreements.  Arrangements are considered purchase obligations if a contract
specifies all significant terms, including fixed or minimum quantities to be
purchased, a pricing structure and approximate timing of the transaction.  Most
arrangements are cancelable without a significant penalty, and with short
notice, typically less than 90 days.  At September
30, 2016, the purchase commitments and other obligations totaled $1,394,000 of
which all but $38,000 are expected to be paid over the next twelve months.  

NOTE 8   CONTINGENCIES   

  As of September 30, 2016, we were not a party to any legal
proceedings or aware of any indemnification agreement claims, the adverse
outcome of which in management s opinion, individually or in the aggregate,
would have a material adverse effect on our results of operations or financial
position.    

NOTE 9  
EARNINGS PER SHARE   

  Basic
earnings per share is calculated based on the weighted average number of common
shares outstanding during each period.  Diluted earnings per share is
calculated based on these same weighted average shares outstanding plus the
effect of potential shares issuable upon assumed exercise of stock options
based on the treasury stock method.  Potential shares issuable upon the
exercise of stock options are excluded from the calculation of diluted earnings
per share to the extent their effect would be anti-dilutive.  

11      

The following table sets forth the computation of
basic and diluted earnings per share:  

Options
to purchase 198,395 and 162,526 shares were outstanding as of September 30,
2016 and 2015, respectively, but were excluded from the computation of diluted
earnings per share for the periods then ended because the options were
anti-dilutive.  

NOTE 10   SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION   

For
share-based awards granted, we have recognized compensation expense based on
the estimated grant date fair value method.  For these awards we have
recognized compensation expense using a straight-line amortization method
reduced for estimated forfeitures.    

The
impact on our results of operations of recording share-based compensation, net
of forfeitures, for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, was as
follows:  

12      

Equity awards granted during the
three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 were as follows:   

There
were no stock option awards issued during the three and nine months ended September
30, 2016 and 2015.  

Non-employee
directors Restricted Stock Units ( RSU s ) vest over one year, employee RSU s
vest over four years with the expense being recognized over the vesting period.  

The
remaining unamortized expected future equity compensation expense and remaining
amortization period associated with unvested option grants, restricted stock
awards and restricted stock unit awards at September 30, 2016 are:     

Sep. 30, 
  2016  

(in thousands unless
  specified)   

Unamortized future equity compensation
  expense  

$1,188   

Remaining weighted average
  amortization period in years  

2.67   

NOTE 11   SHARE REPURCHASE PROGRAMS   

On February 24, 2016, our Board of Directors approved a share
repurchase program with provisions to buy back up to $1 million of our stock
during the period from March 2, 2016 through March 31, 2017.  The
program was established with a 10b5-1 plan under the Exchange Act to provide
flexibility to make purchases throughout the period.      For the three months ended September
30, 2016, 6,500 shares of stock have been repurchased at an average price of
$2.61 for a total of $16,951 plus $136 in commissions.  For the nine months
ended September 30, 2016, 80,345 shares of stock have been repurchased at an
average price of $2.36 for a total of $189,360 plus $1,652 in commissions.   

13      

The following is a summary of share
repurchase activity under the plan through September 30, 201   6:  

14      

Item 2.                              Management's
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations     

General   

Forward-Looking Statements   

This Quarterly
Report on Form 10-Q includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of
the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995.  This Act provides a
 safe harbor  for forward-looking statements to encourage companies to provide
prospective information about themselves as long as they identify these
statements as forward-looking and provide meaningful cautionary statements
identifying important factors that could cause actual results to differ from
the projected results.  All statements other than statements of historical fact
made in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q are forward-looking.  In particular,
statements herein regarding industry prospects or trends; expected revenues;
expected level of expense; expected savings; future results of operations;
reversals of tax valuation allowances; breakeven point, or financial position;
changes in gross margin; economic conditions and capital spending outlook;
market acceptance of our newly introduced or upgraded products; development,
introduction and shipment of new products; building lease arrangements; sales
channels and any other guidance on future periods are forward-looking
statements.  Forward-looking statements reflect management s current
expectations and are inherently uncertain.  Although we believe that the
expectations reflected in these forward-looking statements are reasonable, we
cannot guarantee future results, levels of activity, performance, achievements,
or other future events.  Moreover, neither we nor anyone else assumes
responsibility for the accuracy and completeness of these forward-looking
statements.  We are under no duty to update any of these forward-looking
statements after the date of this report.  The reader should not place undue
reliance on these forward-looking statements.  The discussions above and in the
section in Item 1A., Risk Factors  Cautionary Factors That May Affect Future
Results  in our Annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015
describe some, but not all, of the factors that could cause these differences.  

OVERVIEW    

We continued our
focus on managing the core programming business with the goal of operating profitably,
while developing and enhancing products to drive future revenue and earnings
growth.  Our challenge continues to be operating in a cyclical and rapidly
evolving industry environment.  We are continuing our efforts to balance
business geography shifts, exchange rate volatility, increasing costs and
strategic investments in our business with the level of demand and mix of
business we expect.  We continue to manage our costs carefully and create
strategies for cost reduction.  

We are focusing our
research and development efforts in our strategic growth markets, namely managed
and secure programming technology, automated programming systems and their
enhancements for the manufacturing environment and software.  We continue to
focus on extending the capabilities and support for our product lines and
supporting the latest semiconductor devices, including NAND Flash, e-MMC, and
microcontrollers on our newer products.  In 2015, we announced our new PSV5000
and our new Lumen X programmer.  In 2016, we released the integrated PSV5000
with LumenX.  

Our customer focus is
on strategic high volume and high growth market segments: automotive
electronics and IoT (Internet of Things) including industrial and consumer devices.

During the quarter
ended September 30, 2016, we announced the signing of a five year supply
agreement with Bosch Car Multimedia division, recognized to be a leading
automotive electronics manufacturer.  This resulted from a complex benchmark
evaluation versus our key competitors.  We have begun to see initial system
orders in 2016, with a larger business impact expected for 2017 and 2018.  

15      

BUSINESS RESTRUCTURING PROGRESS   

Our previous years 
restructure actions have been fully implemented. As a result of the lease
amendment discussed in Note 6,  Operating Lease Commitments , which started in
July 2015, the balance of the restructure liability of approximately $120,000
was incorporated into our deferred rent liability at July 2015 as part of the
new lease incentive.  

cRITICAL aCCOUNTING pOLICY jUDGMENTS AND eSTIMATES   

The preparation of
financial statements in accordance with accounting principles generally
accepted in the United States of America requires that we make estimates and
judgments, which affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues
and expenses, and related disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities.  On
an on-going basis, we evaluate our estimates, including those related to
revenue recognition, estimating the percentage-of-completion on fixed-price
professional engineering service contracts, sales returns, bad debts,
inventories, investments, intangible assets, income taxes, warranty
obligations, restructuring charges, contingencies such as litigation, and
contract terms that have multiple elements and other complexities typical in
the capital equipment industry.  We base our estimates on historical experience
and other assumptions that we believe are reasonable under the circumstances.  Actual
results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or
conditions.    

We believe the
following critical accounting policies affect the more significant judgments
and estimates used in the preparation of our financial statements:   

Revenue Recognition:
 We recognize revenue at the time the product is shipped.  We have determined
that our programming equipment has reached a point of maturity and stability
such that product acceptance can be assured by testing at the factory prior to
shipment and that the installation meets the criteria to be considered a
separate element.  These systems are standard products with published product
specifications and are configurable with standard options.  The evidence that
these systems could be deemed as accepted was based upon having standardized
factory production of the units, results from batteries of tests of product
performance to our published specifications, quality inspections and
installation standardization, as well as past product operation validation with
the customer and the history provided by our installed base of products upon
which the current versions were based.  

The revenue related
to products requiring installation that is perfunctory is recognized at the
time of shipment.  Installation that is considered perfunctory includes any
installation that can be performed by other parties, such as distributors,
other vendors, or in most cases the customers themselves.  This takes into
account the complexity, skill and training needed as well as customer
expectations regarding installation.  

We enter into
multiple deliverable arrangements that arise during the sale of a system that
includes an installation component, a service and support component and a
software maintenance component.  We allocate the value of each element based on
relative selling prices.  Relative selling price is based on the selling price
of the standalone system.  For the installation and service and support
components, we use the value of the discount given to distributors who perform
these components.  For software maintenance components, we use what we charge
for annual software maintenance renewals after the initial year the system is
sold.  Revenue is recognized on the system sale based on shipping terms,
installation revenue is recognized after the installation is performed, and
hardware service and support and software maintenance revenue is recognized
ratably over the term of the agreement, typically one year.  

When
we sell software separately, we recognize software revenue upon shipment
provided that only inconsequential obligations remain on our part and substantive
acceptance conditions, if any, have been met.  

We recognize revenue
when persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists, shipment has occurred, the
price is fixed or determinable, the buyer has paid or is obligated to pay,
collectability is reasonably assured, substantive
  acceptance conditions, if any, have been met, the
obligation is not contingent on resale of the product, the buyer s obligation
would not be changed in the event of theft, physical destruction or damage to
the product, the buyer acquiring the product for resale has economic substance
apart from us and we do not have significant obligations for future performance
to directly bring about the resale of the product by the buyer.  We establish a
reserve for sales returns based on historical trends in product returns and
estimates for new items.  

16      

We transfer certain
products out of service from their internal use and make them available for
sale.  The products transferred are our standard products in one of the
following areas: service loaners, rental or test units; engineering test units;
or sales demonstration equipment.  Once transferred, the equipment is sold by
our regular sales channels as used equipment inventory.  These product units
often involve refurbishing and an equipment warranty, and are conducted as
sales in our normal and ordinary course of business.  The transfer amount is
the product unit s net book value and the sale transaction is accounted for as
revenue and cost of goods sold.  

Allowance for
Doubtful Accounts:  We base the allowance for doubtful accounts receivable on
our assessment of the collectability of specific customer accounts and the
aging of accounts receivable.  If there is deterioration of a major customer s
credit worthiness or actual defaults are higher than historical experience, our
estimates of the recoverability of amounts due to us could be adversely
affected.    

Inventory:
Inventories are stated at the lower of cost or market.  Adjustments are made to
standard cost, which approximates actual cost on a first-in, first-out basis. 
We estimate reductions to inventory for obsolete, slow-moving, excess and
non-salable inventory by reviewing current transactions and forecasted product
demand.  We evaluate our inventories on an item by item basis and record
inventory adjustments accordingly.  If there is a significant decrease in
demand for our products, uncertainty during product line transitions, or a
higher risk of inventory obsolescence because of rapidly changing technology
and customer requirements, we may be required to increase our inventory
adjustments and our gross margin could be adversely affected.    

Warranty Accruals:  We
accrue for warranty costs based on the expected material and labor costs to
fulfill our warranty obligations.  If we experience an increase in warranty
claims, which are higher than our historical experience, our gross margin could
be adversely affected.    

Tax Valuation
Allowances:  Given the uncertainty created by our loss history, as well as the
current uncertain economic outlook for our industry and capital spending, we
expect to continue to limit the recognition of net deferred tax assets and
accounting for uncertain tax positions and maintain the tax valuation
allowances.  At the current time, we expect, therefore, that reversals of the
tax valuation allowance will take place only as we are able to take advantage
of the underlying tax loss or other attributes in carry forward.  The transfer
pricing and expense or cost sharing arrangements are complex areas where
judgments, such as the determination of arms-length arrangements, can be
subject to challenges by different tax jurisdictions.    

Share-based
Compensation:  We account for share-based awards made to our employees and
directors, including employee stock option awards and restricted stock unit awards,
using the estimated grant date fair value method of accounting and estimated
forfeiture rate.  For options, we estimate the fair value using the
Black-Scholes valuation model, which requires the input of highly subjective
assumptions, including the option s expected life and the price volatility of
the underlying stock.  The expected stock price volatility assumption is determined
using the historical volatility of our common stock.  Changes in the subjective
assumptions required in the valuation model may significantly affect the
estimated value of the awards, the related stock-based compensation expense
and, consequently, our results of operations.     

17      

Results of Operations   

Net Sales   

Net
sales in the third quarter of 2016 were $6.6 million, compared with $6.2
million in the third quarter of 2015.  The year over year increase in sales was
primarily a result of strong bookings in the second and third quarters of 2016,
particularly for automotive electronics equipment to end customers and
programming centers.  During the third quarter, we shipped and recorded revenue
for the 100 th  PSV system.  On
a regional basis, revenue in the third quarter of 2016 increased in Asia 21%
and in the Americas 32% and declined 20% in Europe compared to the third
quarter of 2015.     

On
a product basis, the net sales growth in the third quarter is primarily from
higher PSV, LumenX and RoadRunner family and adapter sales, offset in part by
declining older product family sales.  A sales breakdown by type for the third quarter
of 2016 was 63% equipment, 28% adapters, and 9% software and maintenance.  Adapters
are a consumable item and software and maintenance are typically recurring
under annual subscription contracts.  

Order
bookings were $7.9 million in the third quarter of 2016 compared to $5.9 million
in the same period in 2015.  The variation in revenue amounts versus order
amounts related to the change in deferred revenues, backlog and currency
translation.  Backlog at September 30, 2016 was $3.1 million compared to $1.6
million on September 30, 2015 and $2.0 million on June 30, 2016.  Deferred
revenue at September 30, 2016 was $1.3 million compared to $1.1 million on September
30, 2015 and $1.1 million on June 30, 2016.  

For
the nine months ending September 30, 2016, compared to the same period in 2015,
net sales are approximately the same, with a continued trend of higher
automated and lower non-automated system sales.  On a regional basis, net sales
increased 16% in Asia and 13% in the Americas, while declining 20% in Europe compared
to the same period in 2015.  

18      

Gross Margin   

Gross
margin increased in dollars due to the sales volume increase.  Gross margin as
a percentage of sales was 55.3%, compared to 51.5% in the third quarter of
2015, with the increase primarily due to a product mix shift and favorable
factory variances as well as the leverage of relatively fixed factory costs
with higher sales volume.    

For
the first nine months of 2016 compared to the same period in 2015, gross margin
as a percentage of sales increased generally due to the same factors discussed
above for the third quarter.  Based on past experience, we expect variations in
our gross margin as a percentage of sales due to changes in key factors for future
periods including: sales volume, product mix, channel mix, pricing, inventory
fluctuations, warranty, factory variances and currency exchange rates.  

Research and Development   

Research
and development ( R D ) increased $170,000
in the third quarter of 2016 compared to the same period in 2015, primarily due
to intellectual property patent filings and engineering recruiting and related compensation
expense.  

For
the first nine months of 2016 compared to the same period in 2015, the increase
in R D expense was generally due to the same factors discussed above for
the third quarter.  

Selling, General and Administrative   

19      

Selling, General and Administrative ( SG A ) expenses increased $159,000
in the third quarter of 2016  compared to the same period in 2015, primarily due to higher commissions, consulting, employee
related costs, and rent, offset in part by the one-time expense of our Redmond
headquarters move in 2015.  

For the first nine
months of 2016 compared to the same period in 2015, the increase in SG A
expense was generally due to the same factors discussed above for the third
quarter as well as less charges allocated out of SG A in 2016.  

Interest   

Interest income decreased
in the third quarter of 2016 compared to the same period in 2015, due to both lower
invested cash balances and lower interest rates.  

For the first nine months
of 2016 compared to the same period in 2015, the decrease in interest income
was generally due to the same factors discussed above for the third quarter.  

Income Taxes   

Income
tax (expense) for the third quarter of 2016 compared to same period in 2015, primarily
resulted from foreign subsidiary income tax.  

For
the first nine months of 2016 compared to the same period in 2015, the change
in income tax expense was generally due to the same factors discussed above for
the third quarter.  

The effective tax
rate differed from the statutory tax rate primarily due to the effect of
valuation allowances, as well as foreign taxes.  We have a valuation allowance of
$11.2 million as of September 30, 2016.  Our deferred tax assets and valuation
allowance have been reduced by approximately $222,000 and $211,000 associated
with the requirements of accounting for uncertain tax positions as of September
30, 2016 and 2015, respectively.  Given the uncertainty created by our past
loss history and the cyclical nature of the industry in which we operate, we
expect to continue to limit the recognition of net deferred tax assets and
maintain the tax valuation allowances.  

20      

Financial Condition   

Liquidity and Capital Resources   

At September 30, 2016
our cash position was $9.7 million, with $4.5 million in the USA and the
balance in foreign subsidiaries. The change in cash during the quarter resulted
primarily from earnings for the period.    

Although we have no
significant external capital expenditure plans currently, we expect that we
will continue to make capital expenditures to support our business.  We plan to
increase our internally developed sales demonstration and test equipment as we
develop and release new products.  Capital expenditures are expected to be
funded by existing and internally generated funds or possible lease financing.  

As a result of our
significant product development, customer support, selling and marketing
efforts, we have required substantial working capital to fund our operations. 
We have tried to balance our level of development spending with the goal of
profitable operations.  We have implemented or have initiatives to implement
geographic shifts in our operations, optimized real estate usage, reduced
exposure to the impact of currency volatility, and additional product
development differentiation and cost reductions.  

We
believe that we have sufficient cash or working capital available under our
operating plan to fund our operations and capital requirements through at least
the next one-year period.  We may require
additional cash for U.S. operations, which could cause potential repatriation
of cash that is held in our foreign subsidiaries.  Although we have no current repatriation plans, there may be tax and
other impediments to any repatriation actions.  Our working capital may be used
to fund possible losses, business growth, project initiatives, share
repurchases and business development initiatives including acquisitions, which
could reduce our liquidity and result in
a requirement for additional cash before that time.  Any substantial inability to achieve our current
business plan could have a material adverse impact on our financial position,
liquidity, or results of operations and may require us to reduce expenditures
and/or seek possible additional financing.  

OFF-Balance sheet arrangements   

Except as noted in
the accompanying consolidated financial statements
in Note 6,  Operating Lease Commitments  and Note 7,  Other Commitments , we have
no off-balance sheet arrangements.  

Non-Generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP) FINANCIAL
MeasureS      

Earnings Before
Interest, Taxes, Depreciation and Amortization ( EBITDA ) was $755,000 in the third
quarter of 2016 compared to $552,000 in the third quarter of 2015.  Adjusted
EBITDA, excluding equity compensation (a non-cash item) was $865,000 in the third
quarter of 2016, compared to $645,000 in the third quarter of 2015.  

EBITDA was $1.3 million
for the first nine months of 2016 compared to $925,000 in the first nine months
of 2015.  Adjusted EBITDA, excluding equity compensation was $1.7 million for
the first nine months of 2016, compared to $1.3 million for the first nine
months of 2015.  

Non-GAAP financial
measures, such as EBITDA and adjusted EBITDA, should not be considered a substitute
for, or superior to, measures of financial performance prepared in accordance
with GAAP.  We believe that these non-  GAAP financial
measures provide meaningful supplemental information regarding the Company s
results and facilitate the comparison of results.  A reconciliation of net
income to EBITDA and adjusted EBITDA follows:  

21      

Non-Generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP) FINANCIAL
Measure RECONCILIATION   

22      

RECENT ACCOUNTING
ANNOUNCEMENTS    

Recent Accounting Pronouncements   

In
March 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-09, Compensation-Stock Compensation
(ASU 2016-09),     Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting    . 
ASU 2016-09 requires excess tax benefits to be recognized in the statement of
operations as an income tax expense and is applied prospectively by means of a
cumulative-effect adjustment of excess tax benefits from equity in the period
of adoption. The standard establishes an alternative practical expedient for
estimating the expected term of an award by recognizing the effects of
forfeitures in compensation cost when the forfeitures occur. Adoption of the
alternative practical expedient is applied prospectively on an entity-wide
basis. The standard requires that amounts paid to a taxing authority on the employee s
behalf as a result of directly withholding shares for tax-withholding purposes
are to be presented on a retrospective basis as a financing activity on the
statement of cash flows. The standard becomes effective beginning January 1,
2017. We are in the process of evaluating the impact of adoption on our
consolidated financial statements.  

In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-02,     Leases    
(ASU 2016-02).  ASU 2016-02 requires lessees to recognize almost all
leases on the balance sheet as a right-of-use asset and a lease liability and
requires leases to be classified as either an operating or a finance type
lease. The standard excludes leases of intangible assets or inventory. Early
adoption of the standard is allowed. The standard becomes effective beginning
January 1, 2019.    We are in the process
of evaluating the impact of adoption on our consolidated financial statements.  

In
May 2014, the FASB issued ASU 2014-09,     Revenue from Contracts with
Customers     (ASU 2014-09).  ASU 2014-09 provides companies with a
single model for accounting for revenue arising from contracts with customers
and supersedes current revenue recognition guidance, including
industry-specific revenue guidance. The core principle of the model is to
recognize revenue when control of the goods or services transfers to the
customer, as opposed to recognizing revenue when the risks and rewards transfer
to the customer under the existing revenue guidance.  In August 2015, the
FASB issued ASU 2015-14,     Revenue from Contracts with Customers     (ASU
2015-14).  ASU 2015-14 defers the effective date of the new revenue recognition
standard by one year. As such, it now takes effect for public entities in
fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017.  We are in the process of
evaluating the impact of adoption on our consolidated financial statements.  

Item 3     . 
                                     Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures
About Market Risk    

Not applicable.  

Item 4.                            Controls and Procedures    

Evaluation
of disclosure controls and procedures   

Under the
supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief
Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, we evaluated the effectiveness
of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures (as
defined in Rule 13a-15(e) and Rule 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) as of the
end of the period covered by this report (the  Evaluation Date ). Based upon
that evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer
concluded that, as of the Evaluation Date, our disclosure controls and
procedures were effective at the reasonable level of assurance. Disclosure
Controls are controls and procedures designed to reasonably assure that
information required to be disclosed in our reports filed under the Exchange
Act is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods
specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure Controls are also designed
to reasonably assure that such information is accumulated and communicated to
our management, including the CEO and CFO, as appropriate to allow timely
decisions regarding required disclosure.   

23      

Changes in internal controls   

There were no changes made in our internal controls during the period covered by this report that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting which is still under the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission ( COSO ) in Internal Control   Integrated Framework (2013).  

PART II - OTHER INFORMATION   

Item 1.                            Legal Proceedings    

From time to time, we may be involved in litigation relating to claims arising out of our operations in the normal course of business.  As of September 30, 2016, we were not a party to any material pending legal proceedings.   

Item 1A.                                        Risk Factors    

   In addition to the other information set forth in this report, you should carefully consider the factors discussed in Part I,  Item 1A. Risk Factors  in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015, which could materially affect our business, financial condition or future results. The risks described in our Annual Report on Form 10-K are not the only risks facing our Company. Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently deem to be immaterial also may materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and/or operating results.  There are no material changes to the Risk Factors described in our Annual Report.  

    Item 2.                            Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds    

See Note 11 to the consolidated financial statements for information regarding the Company s stock repurchases.  

Item 3.                            Defaults Upon Senior Securities    

None  

Item 4.                            Mine Safety Disclosures    

Not Applicable  

Item 5.                            Other Information    

None  

Item 6.                            Exhibits          

(a)         Exhibits   

4      Instruments Defining the Rights of Security Holders, Including Indentures    :   

               4.5                       Amendment No. 3 to Rights Agreement, dated as of July 13, 2016, between Data I/O Corporation and Computershare.  (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.4 of Data I/O s Form 8-A/A filed on July 14, 2016).  

10      Material Contracts    :   

               10.31                   Negotiation Protocol for the Purchase of Data I/O s PSV7000, a supply agreement executed July 20, 2016, between Data I/O Corporation and Bosch Car Multimedia Group. *  

24      

31       Certification pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002:   

  31.1                               Chief Executive Officer Certification                                                                                       

  31.2                               Chief Financial Officer Certification                                                                                         

32       Certification pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002:   

  32.1                               Chief Executive Officer Certification                                                                                       

  32.2                               Chief Financial Officer Certification  

101      Interactive Data Files Pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T   

*Portions of this exhibit have been omitted based on an application for confidential treatment from the SEC. The omitted portions of these exhibits have been filed separately with the SEC.      

25      

SIGNATURES   

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.  

DATED:   November 10, 2016  

DATA I/O CORPORATION   

  (REGISTRANT)  

By   : //S//Anthony Ambrose                                                                                                                                 

  Anthony Ambrose  

  President and Chief Executive Officer  

  (Principal Executive Officer and Duly Authorized Officer)  

By   : //S//Joel S. Hatlen   

  Joel S. Hatlen  

  Vice President and Chief Financial Officer  

  Secretary and Treasurer  

  (Principal Financial Officer and Duly Authorized Officer)  

26      

Exhibit 31.1   

  CERTIFICATION           

I, Anthony Ambrose, certify that:  

  1)            I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Data I/O Corporation;  

  2)            Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this quarterly report;  

  3)            Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this quarterly report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this quarterly report;  

  4)            The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)), for the registrant and have:  

  a)             Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this quarterly report is being prepared;  

  b)            Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;  

  c)             Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this quarterly report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this quarterly report based on such evaluation; and  

  d)            Disclosed in this quarterly report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and   

  5)            The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):  

  a)             All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and  

  b)            Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.  

DATED:   November 10, 2016  

/s/ Anthony Ambrose    

  Anthony Ambrose   

  Chief Executive Officer   

  (Principal Executive Officer)  

27      

Exhibit 31.2  

CERTIFICATION  

I, Joel S. Hatlen, certify that:  

  1)            I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Data I/O Corporation;  

  2)            Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this quarterly report;  

  3)            Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this quarterly report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this quarterly report;  

  4)            The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)), for the registrant and have:  

  a)             Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this quarterly report is being prepared;  

  b)            Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;  

  c)             Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this quarterly report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this quarterly report based on such evaluation; and  

  d)            Disclosed in this quarterly report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and  

  5)            The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):  

  a)             All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and  

  b)            Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.   

DATED:   November 10, 2016  

/s/ Joel S. Hatlen      

  Joel S. Hatlen  

  Chief Financial Officer  

  (Principal Financial Officer)  

28      

Exhibit 32.1   

Certification by Chief Executive Officer  

  Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350  

  As Adopted Pursuant to   

  Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002  

In connection with the quarterly report of Data I/O Corporation (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2016 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Anthony Ambrose, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that:  

(1)           The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 as amended; and  

  (2)           The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.  

/s/ Anthony Ambrose    

  Anthony Ambrose   

  Chief Executive Officer   

  (Principal Executive Officer)  

  November 10, 2016  

29      

Exhibit 32.2   

Certification by Chief Financial Officer  

  Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350  

  As Adopted Pursuant to   

  Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002  

In connection with the quarterly report of Data I/O Corporation (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2016 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Joel S. Hatlen, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that:  

(1)           The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 as amended; and  

  (2)           The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.  

/s/ Joel S. Hatlen      

  Joel S. Hatlen  

  Chief Financial Officer  

  (Principal Financial Officer)  

   November 10, 2016     

30      

Exhibit 10.31   

   Negotiation Protocol for the Purchase of Data I/O s PSV7000, a supply agreement executed July 20, 2016, between Data I/O Corporation and Bosch Car Multimedia Group. *   

   *Portions of this exhibit have been omitted based on an application for confidential treatment from the SEC. The omitted portions of these exhibits have been filed separately with the SEC.     

31      

<EX-10>
 2
 exhibit10_31boschagmt.htm

exhibit10_31boschagmt.htm - Generated by SEC Publisher for SEC Filing 

Please note:     Document is only valid in connection with a contract no. generated from SAP.    

                           V1.3, Version 05/2015    

Postal Address:   Robert Bosch GmbH, CP/TME3, P.O. Box 30 02 20, DE-70442 Stuttgart, Germany  

  Visitors Address: Robert Bosch GmbH, CP/MAE, Im Birkenwald 32-46, DE-70435 Stuttgart, Germany  

Negotiation Protocol for the purchase of:   

Description of MAE    

Purchase option valid until:                                           2021.06.30  

Readiness for installation until:                                      in avarage  [***] after incoming PO  

Binding delivery dates (FCA nearest Data I/O site):                                                        - Pre-programer PSV 7000                                           in avarage [***] after incoming PO     (with HIC-Adapter [***] weeks)    

  Binding completion date ready for operation:                [***] after commissioning at the latest  

Technical contact:                    CM/MFT1, Sergio Dias  

[***] confidential treatment requested  

Registered Office: Stuttgart, Registration Court: Amtsgericht Stuttgart, HRB 14000;    

   Chairman of the Supervisory Board: Franz Fehrenbach; Managing Directors: Dr. Volkmar Denner,         

   Dr. Stefan Asenkerschbaumer, Dr. Rolf Bulander, Dr. Stefan Hartung, Dr. Markus Heyn, Dr. Dirk Hoheisel, Christoph K bel, Uwe Raschke, Dr. Werner Struth, Peter Tyroller   

                                                                                                                                                                                      Page       1       / 16  

Doc. No.:        CX _______ Buyer no. / dated ____.__.__ (YYYY.MM.DD)   

Name of the supplier: Data I/O Corporation                                                                                                                          

Item    

Material/Description     

Quantity    

Price/unit    

Net value   

      in USD     

Technical execution and scope of supply in accordance with   

     Quotation "Final Bid Data IO" dated from 2016.06.17, consisting of (please list quotation items):    

001   

Pre-Programmer PSV7000 in complete configuration in price-list   

[***]   

See attached price list   

Depending on configuration    

002   

Machine options, e.g. sockets, socket-adapter, tape-in, tape out   

various   

See attached price list   

003   

Services   

various   

See attached price list   

.   

.   

The total net values stated are fixed prices see attached price list       

1. Terms of Delivery   

1.1 Purchase Option   

We, Robert Bosch GmbH (hereinafter referred to as "BOSCH") conducted negotiations with  Data I/O Corporation (hereinafter referred to as "SUPPLIER") on 2016.06.17 concerning the purchase of the Pre-Programmer PSV7000 described in greater detail above (hereinafter referred to as "MAE"). As a result of these negotiations, you granted us the option to order the MAE described in greater detail above subject to the terms set forth in this Negotiation Protocol (hereinafter referred to as  AGREEMENT . Orders can be placed at your company directly or at your affiliated companies. You granted us the right to exercise the option by the end of 2021.06.30. This option can be exercised at our election by us or by or our affiliated companies in which we have the industrial leadership. If the option is exercised, the following terms of contract shall apply in the following sequence. In case of contradictions, the conditions of the above listed document have precedence:  

1. Terms of contract set forth in this AGREEMENT.  

  2. The specific Purchase Order from BOSCH, excluding any pre-printed terms.   

  3. BOSCH Terms and Conditions of Purchase Version 01/2011. These Terms and Conditions can be     viewed on the Internet at: www.bosch.de in the download area of purchasing and logistics.  

  4. For orders through Bosch affiliated companies the purchasing conditions of the affiliated company.  

Deviating terms and conditions of SUPPLIER are not accepted.  

If the option is exercised after 2021.03.31, the date of readiness for preliminary acceptance, the delivery date and the date for acceptance shall be agreed anew. The other terms of the purchase option shall remain unaffected.  

We mutually agree that BOSCH has no obligation to exercise the option and that in the event of the option not being exercised you cannot derive any claims whatsoever against us.  

BOSCH has the right to exercise the agreed upon options in this AGREEMENT for an unlimited amount of MAE during the period of validity of this AGREEMENT, subject to SUPPLIER S standard lead times and production capacity.  

The binding dates (see page one of this AGREEMENT), the terms of contract laid down in this AGREEMENT and the total net fixed price were agreed upon with Mr./Ms.  NAME OF CONTACT PERSON  acting on behalf of SUPPLIER by telephone / in person on ____.__.__ (YYYY.MM.DD).  

1.       2 Basis of the Agreement    

[***] confidential treatment requested  

Registered Office: Stuttgart, Registration Court: Amtsgericht Stuttgart, HRB 14000;    

   Chairman of the Supervisory Board: Franz Fehrenbach; Managing Directors: Dr. Volkmar Denner,         

   Dr. Stefan Asenkerschbaumer, Dr. Rolf Bulander, Dr. Stefan Hartung, Dr. Markus Heyn, Dr. Dirk Hoheisel, Christoph K bel, Uwe Raschke, Dr. Werner Struth, Peter Tyroller   

                                                                                                                                                                                      Page       2       / 16  

Doc. No.:        CX _______ Buyer no. / dated ____.__.__ (YYYY.MM.DD)   

Name of the supplier: Data I/O Corporation                                                                                                                          

According to current planning, BOSCH will have a worldwide demand for   [***]   MAE in the period from 2016.07.01 until 2021.06.30. BOSCH intends to cover this demand prior and preferably through orders placed with SUPPLIER, as long as the terms and conditions agreed in this AGREEMENT are generally comparable with quotations from competitors in terms of technology, quality, price and delivery.  

BOSCH may exercise the option agreed in this AGREEMENT during the term of validity hereof and for an unlimited number of MAE, subject to SUPPLIER S standard lead times and production capacity. The foregoing target figures do not, however, constitute an obligation by BOSCH to exercise the option. The actual demand depends on diverse criteria such as the economical situation, technology developments etc.  

In return, SUPPLIER shall warrant assure to BOSCH preferential provision of technology, machinery and information. SUPPLIER shall inform BOSCH about new developments/technologies and new machine generations on a regular basis.  

1.3 Discount Agreement   

Provided BOSCH purchases MAE in US dollars and such shipments are FCA Redmond, WA, USA, SUPPLIER guarantees the following discounts for BOSCH on Purchase Orders placed up until the end of the Agreement see also attached price-list:  

[***]  

2. Property and Right of Use   

BOSCH acquires title product-specific documents prepared for BOSCH (drawings, CAD data, etc.) (hereinafter referred to as "DOCUMENTS"). The DOCUMENTS have to be handed over to BOSCH after completion of the work in the form set forth in subsection  Confidentiality Obligation and Reservation of Rights  below.  

BOSCH receives from SUPPLIER a non-exclusive, irrevocable, unrestricted as to place, time and subject, and sub-licensable right to use the DOCUMENTS. The right of usage includes any use, modification and reproduction of the DOCUMENTS, All intellectual property rights in SUPPLIER s products, any modifications to SUPPLIET s products and all other deliverables provided by Supplier shall be owned by SUPPLIER.  

3. Scope of Delivery and Performance   

SUPPLIER is obliged to deliver a complete MAE, which contains all parts required for use in accordance with the contract, whilst conforming to the agreed characteristics of the selected configuration.  

If BOSCH requests in writing the extension of the scope of delivery and/or performance, after a Purchase Order has been confirmed by SUPPLIER, possible price changes must be agreed upon with BOSCH in writing prior to execution of such an extension of scope. If there is no written agreement regarding the price change, SUPPLIER     may not charge any costs for the extended scope of delivery and/or performance carried out.   

4. Operating Conditions at BOSCH (optional)   

[***] confidential treatment requested  

Registered Office: Stuttgart, Registration Court: Amtsgericht Stuttgart, HRB 14000;    

   Chairman of the Supervisory Board: Franz Fehrenbach; Managing Directors: Dr. Volkmar Denner,         

   Dr. Stefan Asenkerschbaumer, Dr. Rolf Bulander, Dr. Stefan Hartung, Dr. Markus Heyn, Dr. Dirk Hoheisel, Christoph K bel, Uwe Raschke, Dr. Werner Struth, Peter Tyroller   

                                                                                                                                                                                      Page       3       / 16  

Doc. No.:        CX _______ Buyer no. / dated ____.__.__ (YYYY.MM.DD)   

Name of the supplier: Data I/O Corporation                                                                                                                          

During the production of the MAE, SUPPLIER must take into consideration the fact that BOSCH will use the MAE in the following factory environment  :  

ESD protected area close to SMT lines  

SUPPLIER shall ensure that the MAE is suitable for use in this factory environment, according to the agreed upon characteristics.  

5. Preliminary Acceptance   

NA   

6. Commissioning and Trial Operation   

If applicable, the first commissioning of the MAE , i.e. the first time BOSCH switches it on at the place of operation under the direction of SUPPLIER ("Commissioning"), and the trial operation, shall be performed in the BOSCH factory by BOSCH personnel in accordance with instructions from SUPPLIER and under the direction of SUPPLIER, however, in mutual agreement with BOSCH. The trial operation shall be conducted immediately following completion of assembly; commencement thereof shall be agreed upon between SUPPLIER and BOSCH.  

The trial operation must evidence operational efficiency and must be performed without any substantial malfunctions. If a substantial malfunction occurs, the trial operation shall be recommenced after rectification of the defect. If the trial operation is repeated for reasons for which SUPPLIER is accountable for, incremental costs incurred by BOSCH (e.g. hours of work of personnel, costs of additional raw materials and consumables, transport costs on special journeys) shall be reimbursed by SUPPLIER  

7. Characteristics Covenant / Guarantees    

SUPPLIER is obliged to deliver the equipment according to the agreed upon technical specification/ requirement specification. SUPPLIER furthermore guarantees the conformity with the following functions and technical data ( Characteristics Covenant ).  

-           Technical availability VT or VTS     [***]  

  -           Proof of machine capability Cmk  =   [***]  

  -           Dimensions, tolerances and machine capability values listed in the enclosure  Machine and process capability examination" dated 2004_07_01 (3 rd  edition) (cm respectively cmk factors)   

  -           A noise level of max.    [***]   dB(A), measured in accordance with DIN 45 635  

If BOSCH requirements should preclude technically faultless execution or impede SUPPLIER, SUPPLIER shall inform BOSCH hereof in good time.  

8. Proof of the Agreed Characteristics   

After the faultless trial operation and immediately after the MAE has become operational, proof of the agreed characteristics of the MAE shall be carried out at the installation location in the relevant BOSCH factory, generally in the presence of both parties; the commencement time thereof shall be   

[***] confidential treatment requested 

Registered Office: Stuttgart, Registration Court: Amtsgericht Stuttgart, HRB 14000;    

   Chairman of the Supervisory Board: Franz Fehrenbach; Managing Directors: Dr. Volkmar Denner,         

   Dr. Stefan Asenkerschbaumer, Dr. Rolf Bulander, Dr. Stefan Hartung, Dr. Markus Heyn, Dr. Dirk Hoheisel, Christoph K bel, Uwe Raschke, Dr. Werner Struth, Peter Tyroller   

                                                                                                                                                                                      Page       4       / 16  

Doc. No.:        CX _______ Buyer no. / dated ____.__.__ (YYYY.MM.DD)   

Name of the supplier: Data I/O Corporation                                                                                                                          

specified jointly. Any preliminary trials scheduled by SUPPLIER are not relevant for proof of the agreed characteristics or acceptance.  

Proof of the agreed characteristics is established when the agreed functions and characteristics have been proven over an uninterrupted, fault-free operating period (1 shifts) of 1 working days.  

If proof cannot be established initially, SUPPLIER is obliged to perform any retrospective changes to the MAE which may be necessary and then to undertake a second attempt to establish proof without delay. SUPPLIER shall refund , incremental the costs (e.g. working hours of personnel, costs of additional raw materials and consumables, transport costs of special journeys) incurred at BOSCH due to such changes and to repeating of proof for the agreed characteristics.  

If proof of the agreed characteristics has not been established within 3 (three) months after completion of the assembly (set-up of the MAE at the installation location), BOSCH has the right - notwithstanding its other rights - to cancel the complete scope of the order without giving an additional grace period, unless SUPPLIER is not responsible for the delay in establishing proof of the agreed characteristics.  

BOSCH also has a cancellation right without having to set an additional grace period each time it is not possible to establish proof of the agreed characteristics, if BOSCH has allowed further attempts beyond the deadline of the foregoing paragraph.   

In the event of cancellation by BOSCH, SUPPLIER shall bear all incidental costs e.g. the costs of dismantling, packaging, return transport, etc.   

Successful proof of the agreed characteristics is merely the prerequisite for acceptance of the MAE and does neither relieve SUPPLIER of its obligation to rectify any defects nor of eventual defect claims. The SUPPLIER shall be held responsible for faults of his sub-suppliers to the same degree as if the faults were its own.  

In case of failure to comply with the Guarantees BOSCH has the right to demand full compensation for the thereof accrued damages. Concerning the statute of limitation the paragraph  Warranty period / Self-remedy of defects  in this AGREEMENT below shall apply accordingly (subject to paragraph 31).  

9. Acceptance   

Title to the MAE passes to BOSCH upon delivery (according to INCOTERMS 2010). If applicable, the precondition for due performance of the Purchase Order is, however, that the MAE is additionally accepted by BOSCH. Acceptance of the MAE by BOSCH is performed by signing the acceptance protocol if the following preconditions have been met:  

1. Commissioning,   

         2.  Proper trial operation,   

         3.  Proof of the agreed characteristics,  

         4. Compliance with the acceptance conditions in accordance with BOSCH standard N51M M20 and all other technical regulations agreed upon,  

         5.  Handover to BOSCH of the complete documentation in accordance Data IO standard, including the complete consumable - , ware   and spare part list, with third party parts and norm parts listed including designation of original supplier name and number according to the part list sent by Data IO.  

         6. Submission of a quotation for wear and spare parts recommended by SUPPLIER.  

Registered Office: Stuttgart, Registration Court: Amtsgericht Stuttgart, HRB 14000;    

   Chairman of the Supervisory Board: Franz Fehrenbach; Managing Directors: Dr. Volkmar Denner,         

   Dr. Stefan Asenkerschbaumer, Dr. Rolf Bulander, Dr. Stefan Hartung, Dr. Markus Heyn, Dr. Dirk Hoheisel, Christoph K bel, Uwe Raschke, Dr. Werner Struth, Peter Tyroller   

                                                                                                                                                                                      Page       5       / 16  

Doc. No.:        CX _______ Buyer no. / dated ____.__.__ (YYYY.MM.DD)   

Name of the supplier: Data I/O Corporation                                                                                                                          

The acceptance protocol shall be drawn up jointly in writing. The payment or commissioning of the MAE shall not be deemed to constitute acceptance. Claims by BOSCH due to any defects in the MAE shall remain unaffected by acceptance.  

10. Training   

Training at BOSCH:     

SUPPLIER is obliged to train BOSCH employees in programming, operation and maintenance. Such training shall be conducted in the BOSCH factory and is included in the total net price.  

11. Assembly, Set Up, Commissioning and Trial Operation   

The costs hereof are included in the total fixed price.  

12. Coordination of Work   

As customer and in the interests of work safety, BOSCH is obliged to have an employee of BOSCH coordinate the work to be carried out by SUPPLIER in the BOSCH factories. SUPPLIER is obliged to ensure that its employees working on BOSCH premises contact the coordinator of the relevant BOSCH factory prior to commencing their work and maintain contact with him while work is in progress. SUPPLIER and all employees of SUPPLIER are obliged to comply with the Accident Prevention Regulations of BOSCH. The Bosch standard N93 A20 must be complied with.  

Employees and subcontractors of SUPPLIER are solely subject to the right of SUPPLIER to give instructions even if their work is conducted on the premises of BOSCH. In case of written request from BOSCH, SUPPLIER must substitute its employees and subcontractors if they act in breach of contractual obligations. SUPPLIER shall bear the costs arising as a result of such substitution.  

13. Work performance at the facility site / Provision of Employees   

In respect of work carried out on the facility site of BOSCH, third parties may not be subcontracted to perform the work or part of the service without the prior written consent of BOSCH.  

Any employees made available by BOSCH shall be subject to the right of SUPPLIER to give professional instructions with regard to the assembly; they shall be deemed to be persons engaged by SUPPLIER in performance of its obligations.  

14. Release from Liability   

SUPPLIER   shall indemnify BOSCH from liability for infringement by the MAE of any third party patents or other proprietary rights and all third party claims related to SUPPLIER s activities while on BOSCH s premise - regardless of the legal grounds - including reasonable costs of bringing an action, resulting from the supply of the   MAE  , the breach of its contractual obligations, the breach of other obligations or the violation of third party rights.   Further claims by BOSCH shall remain unaffected.  

Limitation of liability    

Registered Office: Stuttgart, Registration Court: Amtsgericht Stuttgart, HRB 14000;    

   Chairman of the Supervisory Board: Franz Fehrenbach; Managing Directors: Dr. Volkmar Denner,         

   Dr. Stefan Asenkerschbaumer, Dr. Rolf Bulander, Dr. Stefan Hartung, Dr. Markus Heyn, Dr. Dirk Hoheisel, Christoph K bel, Uwe Raschke, Dr. Werner Struth, Peter Tyroller   

                                                                                                                                                                                      Page       6       / 16  

Doc. No.:        CX _______ Buyer no. / dated ____.__.__ (YYYY.MM.DD)   

Name of the supplier: Data I/O Corporation                                                                                                                          

Except in the case of intentional misconduct or gross negligence,   

  liability is excluded for:  

  - lost profits    

  - costs of production shut down/break down  

  - indirect/consequential damages  

liability is included for:  

  - direct third party damages,  

  - indemnification of intellectual property claims or breaches of confidentiality obligations  

  from SUPPLIER S liability for defects as to quality under this Agreement and SUPPLIER s total liability per calendar year  under this Agreement shall be limited to one of the following whichever is higher: (a)   [***]   of the sales of SUPPLIER to BOSCH (including the sales to affiliates of BOSCH) in the previous calendar year or (b) EUR   [***]  Please confirm to us the agreements reached by signing and returning this "Negotiation Protocol".  

15. Insurance   

15.1 Liability Insurance   

SUPPLIER is obliged to take out liability insurance for the duration of the contractual engagement with BOSCH. The minimum coverage of this insurance shall be the following amounts per claim:  

- Manufacturer's liability and product liability insurances  

- Personal injury and property damage (lump sum)                                 USD        2,500,000  

- Damage by fire and explosion                                                            USD         5,000,000  

- Activity-related damage to third party property                                     USD         150,000  

- Financial losses                                                                                 USD        100,000  

- Environmental liability insurance  

- Personal injury and property damage                                                  USD         2,500,000  

The written confirmation of the liability insurer of SUPPLIER is attached as Appendix 2. SUPPLIER is obligated to inform BOSCH in writing without delay to any relevant changes to the insurance relationships, in particular prior on the lapse of insurance coverage.  

   15.2 Transport Insurance   

Transport insurance has to be clarified in each individual case  

  Bosch   shall take out  door to door  transport insurance.   Bosch   is a  waiver customer  transport insurance shall not be taken out by SUPPLIER.  

16. Patents and Property Rights   

[***] confidential treatment requested      

Registered Office: Stuttgart, Registration Court: Amtsgericht Stuttgart, HRB 14000;    

   Chairman of the Supervisory Board: Franz Fehrenbach; Managing Directors: Dr. Volkmar Denner,         

   Dr. Stefan Asenkerschbaumer, Dr. Rolf Bulander, Dr. Stefan Hartung, Dr. Markus Heyn, Dr. Dirk Hoheisel, Christoph K bel, Uwe Raschke, Dr. Werner Struth, Peter Tyroller   

                                                                                                                                                                                      Page       7       / 16  

Doc. No.:        CX _______ Buyer no. / dated ____.__.__ (YYYY.MM.DD)   

Name of the supplier: Data I/O Corporation                                                                                                                          

SUPPLIER warrants that the delivered MAE does not infringe any third party patents or other proprietary rights and shall release BOSCH from any third party claims resulting therefrom. Further claims shall remain unaffected.  

17. Warranty period / Self-remedy of defects   

The limitation period for claims for defects as to quality is 12 months - except in cases of fraudulent intent. The limitation period starts on the date of acceptance , of the MAE or of the work ordered. In case longer limitation periods exist by law or have been agreed by contract, such periods shall apply.  

The limitation period shall start to run for the longer of an additional 90 days or until the end of the warranty period for parts that have been replaced or repaired in the context of liability for defects as to quality.  

If SUPPLIER does not commence rectifying defects without delay following BOSCH's complaint or within the agreed response time or if the deadline defined by Bosch elapsed without success, BOSCH shall be entitled after the defined notification process  to rectify the defect itself or to have this done by a third party at the expense of SUPPLIER, if rectification of the defect allows for no further delay.  

18. Stocking up on spare and wear parts   

Not applicable  

19. After-Sales Service, Provision of Spare and Wear Parts   

SUPPLIER warrants that maintenance and repair work on the delivered MAE will be conducted at the place of installation for the duration of their average life expectancy (at least 7 (seven years) after delivery) at competitive prices.  

SUPPLIER shall ensure that   even after expiry of the limitation period for defects as to quality   qualified professional staff as well as spare and wear parts will be available at the BOSCH factories to rectify disruptions in operations within defined hours in the service contract of being requested by BOSCH.  

  The provision of the preceding paragraph shall apply if BOSCH s request is received by SUPPLIER in the times according the service contract. If the request is notified outside of these hours, then the aforementioned time period shall start to run from on the next working day.  

  Together with the contractual documentation in accordance with Data IO documentation, SUPPLIER shall submit a quotation to BOSCH for the spare and wear parts recommended by SUPPLIER. Thereafter the parties shall mutually agree on stocking parts at a factory of SUPPLIER or at a factory of BOSCH.  

BOSCH shall operate the MAE appropriately and perform maintenance in accordance with the agreed maintenance instructions.  

20. Contractual Penalty    

SUPPLIER shall deliver / FCA  Pre-Programmer PSV7000  by the binding date if agreed in specific PO at the latest.  

If agreed in specific PO, in the event of delayed delivery / completion ready for operation, BOSCH has the right to impose on SUPPLIER a contractual penalty of   [***]   per week with maximum  [***]  . The only  

[***] confidential treatment requested  

Registered Office: Stuttgart, Registration Court: Amtsgericht Stuttgart, HRB 14000;    

   Chairman of the Supervisory Board: Franz Fehrenbach; Managing Directors: Dr. Volkmar Denner,         

   Dr. Stefan Asenkerschbaumer, Dr. Rolf Bulander, Dr. Stefan Hartung, Dr. Markus Heyn, Dr. Dirk Hoheisel, Christoph K bel, Uwe Raschke, Dr. Werner Struth, Peter Tyroller   

                                                                                                                                                                                      Page       8       / 16  

Doc. No.:        CX _______ Buyer no. / dated ____.__.__ (YYYY.MM.DD)   

Name of the supplier: Data I/O Corporation                                                                                                                          

delays exempted shall be those caused by force majeure. BOSCH shall be notified of such cases in writing in good time without any specific request being required.  

The right to demand payment of the contractual penalty shall not be excluded by acceptance and/or taking delivery of the delayed delivery of the MAE without expressly reserving the right to assert a claim for the contractual penalty.  

If the agreed delivery date is delayed due to reasons attributable to BOSCH, the date for the contractual penalty shall be postponed accordingly. SUPPLIER shall notify all delays in writing without delay to the ordering Purchasing Department of BOSCH. This also applies if, as a result of the option being exercised after the agreed upon order date, a new delivery date is agreed.    

Any claims for damages exceeding the above shall remain unaffected.  

21. Addresses    

21.1 Dispatch address    

Dispatch to:   

The exact delivery address will be indicated in the Purchase Order.    

SUPPLIER shall contact the transport agent of BOSCH in good time and coordinate the transport to ensure delivery to the BOSCH factory on the agreed date.  

21.2 Address for business correspondence    

Postal address of responsible purchasing department:  

For example:  

  ROBERT BOSCH GMBH  

  Central Purchasing - CP/TME3  

  Attn. Mr. Lars Goebel  

  Robert-Bosch-Strasse 200  

  31139 Hildesheim  

  GERMANY  

22. Transfer of Risk   

The risk for the MAE shall pass to BOSCH as soon as SUPPLIER has handed over the MAE incl. packaging and, if relevant, any returnable packaging, to the carrier in Redmond, WA, USA, or Shanghai China,  (   FCA    in accordance with INCOTERMS 2010; performance is not fulfilled until MAE is finally accepted by Bosch in accordance with Section  Acceptance , however).  

23. Terms and Conditions of Payment   

MAE  

The invoice shall be issued for 100 % (one hundred percent) of the agreed purchase price, payable as follows:   

  [***]  

[***] confidential treatment requested  

Registered Office: Stuttgart, Registration Court: Amtsgericht Stuttgart, HRB 14000;    

   Chairman of the Supervisory Board: Franz Fehrenbach; Managing Directors: Dr. Volkmar Denner,         

   Dr. Stefan Asenkerschbaumer, Dr. Rolf Bulander, Dr. Stefan Hartung, Dr. Markus Heyn, Dr. Dirk Hoheisel, Christoph K bel, Uwe Raschke, Dr. Werner Struth, Peter Tyroller   

                                                                                                                                                                                      Page       9       / 16  

Doc. No.:        CX _______ Buyer no. / dated ____.__.__ (YYYY.MM.DD)   

Name of the supplier: Data I/O Corporation                                                                                                                          

SERVICE, SPAREPARTS, WEARABLES  

100 %              immediately  

  Invoices shall be payable within   [***]   days of receipt and no early payment discounts apply.  

SUPPLIER shall request payment of the remainder from the BOSCH factory in writing (complete address will be provided by the ordering Purchasing Department). In no case do payments by BOSCH imply acceptance of the goods and services delivered as being in conformity with the contract.  

In case BOSCH has accounts receivable from SUPPLIER, BOSCH shall be entitled to withhold payments. Delivery dates agreed in the specific Purchase Orders shall not be affected thereby.   

BOSCH is entitled at any time to offset all its own accounts receivable as well as all accounts receivable of an affiliate company of the BOSCH Group within the meaning of Section 15 German Stock Corporation Act (AktG) from   SUPPLIER  , against accounts receivable by SUPPLIER that are both due and not yet due for payment .  

24. Confidentiality Obligation and Reservation of Rights   

Insofar as, in connection with the inquiries and specific Purchase Orders, SUPPLIER gains access to DOCUMENTS, including drawings, sketches and samples, oral information, knowledge and know how   hereinafter referred to as "INFORMATION", SUPPLIER is obligated  

-           to keep the INFORMATION secret with regard to third parties and to refrain from publishing the INFORMATION.  

-           to utilize the INFORMATION and the know how thus acquired solely in connection with the specific Purchase Orders; in particular, SUPPLIER shall not use the INFORMATION for its own production or for deliveries to third parties.  

-    only to grant access to the INFORMATION to those employees who are engaged in performing obligations under the specific Purchase Orders and only to the extent to which it is absolutely necessary for the foregoing purpose.  

-     to take suitable measures to ensure that its employees keep the INFORMATION secret and use it only in execution of the specific Purchase Orders (e.g. by using password-protected access, safe custody of documents, samples and data media, physical andfunctional separation from other activities).  

Each partner shall comply with the statutory regulations on data privacy and take the technical and organizational protective measures necessary in accordance therewith.  

The afore-mentioned obligations shall continue to apply after the specific Purchase Orders have been processed unless the INFORMATION has become public knowledge through no fault of SUPPLIER.  

All DOCUMENTS provided by BOSCH, including drawings, sketches and samples, shall remain the exclusive property of BOSCH. SUPPLIER is obliged to handle and store them carefully and to return them to BOSCH in their entirety immediately after completion of the specific purchase orders.  

The grant of a license by BOSCH is not associated with the disclosure of INFORMATION to SUPPLIER. BOSCH reserves all rights to all INFORMATION originating from BOSCH, including copyright and the right to register industrial property rights such as patents, utility models, topography  

[***] confidential treatment requested  

Registered Office: Stuttgart, Registration Court: Amtsgericht Stuttgart, HRB 14000;    

   Chairman of the Supervisory Board: Franz Fehrenbach; Managing Directors: Dr. Volkmar Denner,         

   Dr. Stefan Asenkerschbaumer, Dr. Rolf Bulander, Dr. Stefan Hartung, Dr. Markus Heyn, Dr. Dirk Hoheisel, Christoph K bel, Uwe Raschke, Dr. Werner Struth, Peter Tyroller   

                                                                                                                                                                                      Page       10       / 16  

Doc. No.:        CX _______ Buyer no. / dated ____.__.__ (YYYY.MM.DD)   

Name of the supplier: Data I/O Corporation                                                                                                                          

rights etc. If the INFORMATION disclosed by BOSCH originates from third parties, this reservation of rights also applies in favor of such third parties. CAD data and other electronically stored INFORMATION provided by BOSCH and compiled for BOSCH shall be filed on a memory medium capable of storage (CD ROM, DVD etc.) after conclusion of the work and the memory media shall be handed over to BOSCH. If the data are required for service activities and delivery of spare parts, SUPPLIER may keep the required number of copies. Data not required for this purpose must be deleted from the computer system of SUPPLIER.  

Any advertising using the contractual relationship or the subject matter of the Agreement and INFORMATION hereon is inadmissible unless BOSCH has given prior written approval to such procedure in an individual case.  

26. The following documents form integral components of this AGREEMENT and are already in the possession of SUPPLIER:   

- Technical Specifications/Requirement Specification    Device Pre-programming batch Robots ,    revision 2.0 dated 2016.05.13   with attachment "C360121_Supplier_Details_to_    

     Requirement_Spec_commented 20151207 V4 (002).xls and as evaluated in cw 15.2016 in    Hildesheim - Delivery regulations in the version applying on the date of the Purchase Order  

       N51M M20  

     N51M M23  

     N51M M25  

     N51M M26  

       as applicable and evaluated during benchmark CW15/2016   

-  Quality Assurance Guideline for Suppliers QSL, Version 12/2011  

27. Commencement and Termination of the AGREEMENT    (optional, if Section 1.2 was agreed)       

The AGREEMENT shall become effective when signed by both parties as per 2016.07.01 and terminates with the validity of the purchasing option (see page 1), if it is terminated by one of the two contracting parties by giving 6 month's advance notice to expire on 2021.06.30. Otherwise, the AGREEMENT shall be extended by one year with the same terms.   

28. Download Service on the Internet   

http://purchasing.bosch.com/en/start/Allgemeines/Download/index.htm  

Use Bosch Rexroth AG Components!   

  See delivery regulation N51M M20 item 2 or  

  https://www.boschrexroth.com/corporate/sys/productindex_xml/en/index.jsp?oid=614362  

29. Modifications and Amendments   

Amendments or supplements to this Corporate Agreement, including this Section 29 hereof, as well as postponing the delivery dates agreed in specific Purchase Orders must be agreed in writing.  

30. Ineffectiveness   

Registered Office: Stuttgart, Registration Court: Amtsgericht Stuttgart, HRB 14000;    

   Chairman of the Supervisory Board: Franz Fehrenbach; Managing Directors: Dr. Volkmar Denner,         

   Dr. Stefan Asenkerschbaumer, Dr. Rolf Bulander, Dr. Stefan Hartung, Dr. Markus Heyn, Dr. Dirk Hoheisel, Christoph K bel, Uwe Raschke, Dr. Werner Struth, Peter Tyroller   

                                                                                                                                                                                      Page       11       / 16  

Doc. No.:        CX _______ Buyer no. / dated ____.__.__ (YYYY.MM.DD)   

Name of the supplier: Data I/O Corporation                                                                                                                          

If any provision of this AGREEMENT should be or become ineffective, this shall not affect the validity of the remaining provisions of this AGREEMENT. In such a case, the respective provision shall be replaced by a regulation approximating most closely the economic content of the original provision. The same shall apply to any gaps in this Agreement.  

31. Applicable Law and Jurisdiction   

This AGREEMENT as well as all agreements hereunder and disputes arising herefrom shall be governed by German law, excluding the rules on conflicts of laws. The Hague Uniform Law on the International Sale of Goods, the UN Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods and other international conventions on the international sale of goods do not apply.  

The courts of Stuttgart have exclusive jurisdiction over contractual disputes if all the disputing parties have their registered office in Germany, in Switzerland or in any country of the European Union. In cases before local courts, the local court of Stuttgart (   Amtsgericht Stuttgart   , 70190 Stuttgart) shall have jurisdiction. In all other cases, contractual disputes shall be definitively adjudicated in accordance with the arbitration rules of the International Chamber of Commerce by one or more arbitrators appointed in accordance with such rules. The place of arbitration is Stuttgart, Germany, unless otherwise agreed by the parties in dispute. The arbitration language is English. The parties in dispute shall treat in confidence all information which they receive with regard to arbitration proceedings in accordance with this provision, including the existence of arbitration proceedings. In judicial and/or arbitration proceedings, they shall only disclose such information to the extent that this is necessary to exercise their rights. The chairman or a sole arbitrator must be of different nationality to the parties in dispute. Subject to any other ruling returned by the arbitration tribunal, the parties in dispute shall continue to perform the contracts affected by the dispute  .   

Robert Bosch GmbH   

/s/ Dirk Knauerhase               /s/Lars G bel                                              /s/ Joel Hatlen   

  Dirk Knauerhase                  Lars G bel                                               Joel Hatlen (CFO)  

  CP/PIR2-EN                        CP/TME3                                                   

Date: 11.07.16                     Date: 19.7.16                                           Date:  20 July 2016  

Company Stamp  

Registered Office: Stuttgart, Registration Court: Amtsgericht Stuttgart, HRB 14000;    

   Chairman of the Supervisory Board: Franz Fehrenbach; Managing Directors: Dr. Volkmar Denner,         

   Dr. Stefan Asenkerschbaumer, Dr. Rolf Bulander, Dr. Stefan Hartung, Dr. Markus Heyn, Dr. Dirk Hoheisel, Christoph K bel, Uwe Raschke, Dr. Werner Struth, Peter Tyroller   

                                                                                                                                                                                      Page       12       / 16  

Exhibit A  

Data-IO Benchmark BAT10 FPSB 2016/06/17 - Update 2016/06/18    

[***]   

[***]   

[***]   

[***]   

Parts for complete machine   

Single Cost   

kUSD   

[***]   

[***]   

[***]   

[***]   

[***]   

[***]   

[***]   

[***]   

[***]   

[***]   

[***]   

[***]   

[***]   

[***]   

[***]   

[***]   

[***]   

[***]   

[***]   

[***]   

[***]   

[***]   

[***]   

[***]   

[***]   

[***]   

[***]   

[***]   

[***]   

[***]   

[***]   

[***]   

Service costs   

Single Cost kUSD   

[***]   

[***]   

[***]   

[***]   

[***]   

[***]   

Spare parts Cost   

Single Cost   

kUSD   

[***]   

[***]   

[***]   

[***]   

[***]   

[***]   

Global sockets costs for A-IVI Total production volume (Normal Sockets)   

Single Cost   

kUSD   

[***]   

[***]   

[***]   

[***]   

[***]   

[***]   

[***]   

[***]   

For Information: Global sockets costs for A-IVI Total production volume  (HIC Sockets for SO8)   

Single Cost   

kUSD   

[***]   

[***]   

[***]   

[***]   

[***]   

[***]   

[***]   

[***]   

Special Parts   

Single Cost   

kUSD   

[***]   

[***]   

[***]   

[***]   

[***]   

[***]   

excluding from TCO-Matrix   

Single Cost   

kUSD   

[***]   

[***]   

[***]   

[***]   

[***]   

[***]   

[***]   

[***]   

[***]   

[***]   

[***]   

[***]   

[***]   

[***]   

[***]   

[***]   

[***]   

[***]   

[***]   

[***]   

[***]   

[***]   

[***]   

[***]   

[***]   

Service   kUSD   

Penang   

Braga   

Wuhu   

Hildesheim   

[***]   

[***]   

[***]   

[***]   

[***]   

[***]   

[***]   

[***]   

[***]   

[***]   

[***]   

[***]   

[***]   

[***]   

[***]   

[***]   

[***]   

[***]   

[***]   

[***]   

[***]   

[***]   

[***]   

[***]   

[***]    

[***]   

[***]   

[***]   

[***]    

[***]   

[***]   

[***]   

Changes to version from 14.06.2016:   [***]   

Prices valid for   [***]   Years    

after   [***]   Years Data IO has the right to increase prices by maximum of   [***]  % per Year    

In the original plan all [***]   are purchased within the first   [***]   Years so [***] effect should be for the BM   

[***] confidential treatment requested 

Registered Office: Stuttgart, Registration Court: Amtsgericht Stuttgart, HRB 14000;    

   Chairman of the Supervisory Board: Franz Fehrenbach; Managing Directors: Dr. Volkmar Denner,         

   Dr. Stefan Asenkerschbaumer, Dr. Rolf Bulander, Dr. Stefan Hartung, Dr. Markus Heyn, Dr. Dirk Hoheisel, Christoph K bel, Uwe Raschke, Dr. Werner Struth, Peter Tyroller   

                                                                                                                                                                                      Page       13       / 16  

Doc. No.:        CX _______ Buyer no. / dated ____.__.__ (YYYY.MM.DD)   

Name of the supplier: Data I/O Corporation                                                                                                                          

Registered Office: Stuttgart, Registration Court: Amtsgericht Stuttgart, HRB 14000;    

   Chairman of the Supervisory Board: Franz Fehrenbach; Managing Directors: Dr. Volkmar Denner,         

   Dr. Stefan Asenkerschbaumer, Dr. Rolf Bulander, Dr. Stefan Hartung, Dr. Markus Heyn, Dr. Dirk Hoheisel, Christoph K bel, Uwe Raschke, Dr. Werner Struth, Peter Tyroller   

                                                                                                                                                                                      Page       14       / 16  

</EX-10>

<EX-101.INS>
 3
 daio-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE FILE

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 4
 daio-20160930.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 5
 daio-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 6
 daio-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 7
 daio-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 8
 daio-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

