<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161221_10-Q_edgar_data_1048911_0001193125-16-800543_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>10202583</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>243597</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>659585</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>4109227</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3542191</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>965212</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>95</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>22</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001193125-16-800543.hdr.sgml : 20161221
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161221163939
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-16-800543
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		81
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20161130
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161221
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161221

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			FEDEX CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001048911
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	AIR COURIER SERVICES [4513]
		IRS NUMBER:				621721435
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0531

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-15829
		FILM NUMBER:		162064313

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		942 SOUTH SHADY GROVE ROAD
		CITY:			MEMPHIS
		STATE:			TN
		ZIP:			38120-
		BUSINESS PHONE:		9018187500

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		942 SOUTH SHADY GROVE ROAD
		CITY:			MEMPHIS
		STATE:			TN
		ZIP:			38120-

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	FDX CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19971103

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001193125-16-800543.txt : 20161221

10-Q
 1
 d262623d10q.htm
 10-Q

10-Q 

Table of Contents  

UNITED STATES    
   SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION        Washington, D.C. 20549        FORM  10-Q 
       (Mark One)        
 
   FOR THE QUARTERLY PERIOD ENDED November 30, 2016    
   OR        
 
   FOR THE TRANSITION PERIOD FROM
                       TO
                              Commission File Number:  1-15829     
   FEDEX CORPORATION        (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)        

Delaware    
     
      62-1721435      
 
     (State or other jurisdiction of   
   incorporation or organization)    
     
     (I.R.S. Employer       Identification No.)     

942 South Shady Grove Road Memphis, Tennessee    
     
     38120     
 
   (Address of principal executive offices)   
     
   (ZIP Code)    
    (901)  818-7500    
  (Registrant s telephone number, including area code)      Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for
such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes   No     
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate website, if any, every Interactive
Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation  S-T  (  232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required
to submit and post such files). Yes   No        Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a
large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a  non-accelerated  filer or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and
 smaller reporting company  in Rule  12b-2  of the Exchange Act.       

Large accelerated filer     
     
  Accelerated filer

Non-accelerated filer                    
     
  Smaller reporting company     

(Do not check if a smaller reporting company)   
    Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule  12b-2  of the Exchange Act). Yes   No        Indicate the number
of shares outstanding of each of the issuer s classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date.       

Table of Contents  

   FEDEX CORPORATION        INDEX       
 
         - 2 -

Table of Contents  

    FEDEX CORPORATION    
     CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS    
   (IN MILLIONS)        
    The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements.
  
         - 3 -

Table of Contents  

    FEDEX CORPORATION    
   CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS        (IN MILLIONS, EXCEPT SHARE DATA)        
    The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements.
  
         - 4 -

Table of Contents  

    FEDEX CORPORATION    
     CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME    
   (UNAUDITED)    
   (IN MILLIONS, EXCEPT PER SHARE AMOUNTS)        
    The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements.
  
         - 5 -

Table of Contents  

    FEDEX CORPORATION    
     CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME    
   (UNAUDITED)    
   (IN MILLIONS)        
            The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements.   
         - 6 -

Table of Contents  

    FEDEX CORPORATION    
     CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS    
   (UNAUDITED)    
   (IN MILLIONS)        
    The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements.
  
         - 7 -

Table of Contents  

    FEDEX CORPORATION    
     NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS    
   (UNAUDITED)       (1)
 General        SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES.  These interim financial statements of FedEx Corporation ( FedEx )
have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States and Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ) instructions for interim financial information, and should be read in conjunction with our
Annual Report on Form  10-K  for the year ended May 31, 2016 ( Annual Report ). Accordingly, significant accounting policies and other disclosures normally provided have been omitted since such
items are disclosed in our Annual Report.      In the opinion of management, the accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated financial
statements reflect all adjustments (including normal recurring adjustments) necessary to present fairly our financial position as of November 30, 2016, the results of our operations for the three- and
 six-month  periods ended November 30, 2016 and 2015 and cash flows for the  six-month  periods ended November 30, 2016 and 2015. Operating results for the three-
and  six-month  periods ended November 30, 2016 are not necessarily indicative of the results that may be expected for the year ending May 31, 2017.   
  Except as otherwise specified, references to years indicate our fiscal year ending May 31, 2017 or ended May 31 of the year referenced and
comparisons are to the corresponding period of the prior year.       RECLASSIFICATIONS.  Reclassifications have been made to the May 31,
2016 condensed consolidated balance sheets to conform to the current year s presentation of debt issuance costs. See recent accounting guidance below for additional information.       BUSINESS ACQUISITION.  On May 25, 2016, we acquired TNT Express B.V. ( TNT Express ) for  4.4 billion (approximately $4.9 billion). Cash acquired in the acquisition was
approximately  250 million ($280 million). As of November 30, 2016, $26 million of shares associated with the transaction remained untendered, a decrease of $261 million since May 31, 2016. The remaining untendered
shares are included in the  Other liabilities  caption of our consolidated balance sheets. We funded the acquisition with proceeds from our April 2016 debt issuance and existing cash balances. The financial results of this business are
included in the FedEx Express group and TNT Express segment from the date of acquisition.      TNT Express collects, transports and delivers
documents, parcels and freight to over 200 countries. This strategic acquisition broadens our portfolio of international transportation solutions by combining TNT Express s strong European road platform with FedEx Express s strength in
other regions globally.   
         - 8 -

Table of Contents  

   This acquisition is included in the accompanying balance sheets based on an allocation of the purchase price
(summarized in the table below, in millions), which reflect updates to property and equipment and identifiable intangible assets from the May 31, 2016 and August 31, 2016 estimates, resulting in a net increase to goodwill of
$382 million. These updates reflect the valuation work completed to date by third party experts, refinements to cash flow estimates and the receipt of other information. Given the timing and complexity of the acquisition, the presentation of
TNT Express in our financial statements, including the allocation of the purchase price, continues to be preliminary and will likely change in future periods, perhaps significantly, as additional information concerning the fair value estimates of
the assets acquired and liabilities assumed as of the acquisition date is obtained during the remainder of the fiscal year. Due to the global scope of TNT Express s operations and the decentralized nature of the accounting records, the
measurement periods for fixed assets, customer intangibles and certain liabilities are longer than for the other categories noted below. We will complete our purchase price allocation no later than the fourth quarter of 2017.   

(1)      
    Primarily accounts receivable and cash.      

(2)      
    Primarily accounts payable and other accrued expenses.         As a result of this acquisition, we recognized a preliminary value of $3.3 billion of goodwill, which is primarily attributable to the TNT Express workforce and the expected benefits from synergies
of the combination with existing businesses and growth opportunities. The majority of the purchase price allocated to goodwill is not deductible for income tax purposes.      The purchase price was preliminarily allocated to the identifiable intangible assets acquired as follows (in millions):       

Intangible assets with finite lives   

Customer relationships  (12-year  useful life)   
      
  $  
  420  

Technology  (4-year  useful life)   

30  

Trademarks  (4-year  useful life)   

80  

Total intangible assets   
      
  $  
      530  

EMPLOYEES UNDER COLLECTIVE BARGAINING ARRANGEMENTS.  The pilots of Federal Express Corporation ( FedEx
Express ), which represent a small number of FedEx Express s total employees, are employed under a collective bargaining agreement that took effect on November 2, 2015. This collective bargaining agreement is scheduled to become
amendable in November 2021, after a  six-year  term. In addition to our pilots at FedEx Express, GENCO Distribution System, Inc. ( GENCO ) has a small number of employees who are members of unions, and
certain  non-U.S.  employees are unionized.       STOCK-BASED COMPENSATION.  We have two types of
equity-based compensation: stock options and restricted stock. The key terms of the stock option and restricted stock awards granted under our incentive stock plans and all financial disclosures about these programs are set forth in our Annual
Report.   
         - 9 -

Table of Contents  

   Our stock-based compensation expense was $36 million for the three-month period ended November 30,
2016 and $93 million for the  six-month  period ended November 30, 2016. Our stock-based compensation expense was $33 million for the three-month period ended November 30, 2015 and
$86 million for the  six-month  period ended November 30, 2015. Due to its immateriality, additional disclosures related to stock-based compensation have been excluded from this quarterly report.
      RECENT ACCOUNTING GUIDANCE.  New accounting rules and disclosure requirements can significantly impact our reported results and the
comparability of our financial statements. These matters are described in our Annual Report.      During the first quarter of 2017, we
retrospectively adopted the authoritative guidance issued by the Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ) to simplify the presentation of debt issuance costs. This new guidance requires entities to present debt issuance costs related
to a recognized debt liability as a direct deduction from the carrying amount of that debt liability, rather than as an asset. This new guidance had a minimal impact on our accounting and financial reporting.   
  On May 28, 2014, the FASB and International Accounting Standards Board issued a new accounting standard that will supersede virtually all existing
revenue recognition guidance under generally accepted accounting principles in the United States (and International Financial Reporting Standards) which has been subsequently updated to defer the effective date of the new revenue recognition
standard by one year. This standard will be effective for us beginning in fiscal 2019. The fundamental principles of the new guidance are that companies should recognize revenue in a manner that reflects the timing of the transfer of services to
customers and the amount of revenue recognized reflects the consideration that a company expects to receive for the goods and services provided. The new guidance establishes a five-step approach for the recognition of revenue. Based on our current
assessment, we do not anticipate that the new guidance will have a material impact on our revenue recognition policies, practices or systems.   
  On February 25, 2016, the FASB issued the new lease accounting standard which requires lessees to put most leases on their balance sheets but
recognize the expenses on their income statements in a manner similar to current practice. The new standard states that a lessee will recognize a lease liability for the obligation to make lease payments and a   right-of-use   asset for the right to use the underlying asset for the lease term. Expense related to leases determined to be operating leases will be recognized on a straight-line basis, while those determined
to be financing leases will be recognized following a front-loaded expense profile in which interest and amortization are presented separately in the income statement. We are currently evaluating the impact of this new standard on our financial
reporting, but recognizing the lease liability and related   right-of-use   asset will significantly impact our balance sheet. These changes will be effective for our fiscal
year beginning June 1, 2019 (fiscal 2020), with a modified retrospective adoption method to the beginning of 2018.      During the second
quarter of 2017, we adopted the Accounting Standards Update issued by the FASB in March 2016 to simplify the accounting for share-based payment transactions. The new guidance requires companies to recognize the income tax effects of awards that vest
or are settled as income tax expense or benefit in the income statement as opposed to additional  paid-in  capital as is current practice. The guidance also provides clarification of the presentation of certain
components of share-based awards in the statement of cash flows. Additionally, the guidance allows companies to make a policy election to account for forfeitures either upon occurrence or by estimating forfeitures. We have elected to continue
estimating forfeitures expected to occur in order to determine the amount of compensation cost to be recognized each period and to apply the cash flow classification guidance prospectively. Excess tax benefits are now classified as an operating
activity rather than a financing activity. The adoption of the new standard had a benefit of $21 million to net income and $0.07 per diluted share for the second quarter of 2017. The first quarter of 2017 has not been recast due to
immateriality.      We believe that no other new accounting guidance was adopted or issued during the first half of 2017 that is relevant to the
readers of our financial statements.   
         - 10 -

Table of Contents  

    TREASURY SHARES.  In January 2016, our Board of Directors authorized a share repurchase program of up
to 25 million shares. Shares under the current repurchase program may be repurchased from time to time in the open market or in privately negotiated transactions. The timing and volume of repurchases are at the discretion of management, based
on the capital needs of the business, the market price of FedEx common stock and general market conditions. No time limit was set for the completion of the program, and the program may be suspended or discontinued at any time.   
  During the second quarter of 2017, we repurchased 0.7 million shares of FedEx common stock at an average price of $172.25 per share for a total of
$112 million. During the first half of 2017, we repurchased 2.0 million shares of FedEx common stock at an average price of $164.04 per share for a total of $334 million. As of November 30, 2016, 16.9 million shares remained
under the share repurchase authorization.       DIVIDENDS DECLARED PER COMMON SHARE.  On November 18, 2016, our Board of Directors
declared a quarterly dividend of $0.40 per share of common stock. The dividend will be paid on January 3, 2017 to stockholders of record as of the close of business on December 12, 2016. Each quarterly dividend payment is subject to review
and approval by our Board of Directors, and we evaluate our dividend payment amount on an annual basis at the end of each fiscal year.      (2)
 Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)       The following table provides changes in accumulated other comprehensive loss
( AOCI ), net of tax, reported in our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements for the periods ended November 30 (in millions; amounts in parentheses indicate debits to AOCI):   

- 11 -

Table of Contents  

   The following table presents details of the reclassifications from AOCI for the periods ended
November 30 (in millions; amounts in parentheses indicate debits to earnings):       
    (3)  Financing Arrangements       We have a shelf registration statement with the SEC that allows us to sell, in one or more future offerings, any combination of our unsecured debt securities and common stock.   
  We have a five-year $1.75 billion revolving credit facility that expires in November 2020. The facility, which includes a $500 million letter
of credit sublimit, is available to finance our operations and other cash flow needs. The agreement contains a financial covenant, which requires us to maintain a ratio of debt to consolidated earnings (excluding
 non-cash  pension   mark-to-market   adjustments and  non-cash  asset impairment charges) before
interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization ( adjusted EBITDA ) of not more than 3.5 to 1.0, calculated as of the end of the applicable quarter on a rolling four quarters basis. The ratio of our debt to adjusted EBITDA was 1.8 to 1.0 at
November 30, 2016. We believe this covenant is the only significant restrictive covenant in our revolving credit agreement. Our revolving credit agreement contains other customary covenants that do not, individually or in the aggregate,
materially restrict the conduct of our business. We are in compliance with the financial covenant and all other covenants of our revolving credit agreement and do not expect the covenants to affect our operations, including our liquidity or expected
funding needs. As of November 30, 2016, no commercial paper was outstanding. However, we had a total of $319 million in letters of credit outstanding at November 30, 2016, with $181 million of the letter of credit sublimit unused
under our revolving credit facility.      Long-term debt, exclusive of capital leases, had carrying values of $13.5 billion at
November 30, 2016 and $13.7 billion at May 31, 2016, compared with estimated fair values of $13.8 billion at November 30, 2016 and $14.3 billion at May 31, 2016. The annualized weighted average interest rate on
long-term debt was 3.6% for the six months ended November 30, 2016. The estimated fair values were determined based on quoted market prices and the current rates offered for debt with similar terms and maturities. The fair value of our
long-term debt is classified as Level 2 within the fair value hierarchy. This classification is defined as a fair value determined using market-based inputs other than quoted prices that are observable for the liability, either directly or
indirectly.   
         - 12 -

Table of Contents  

   (4)  Computation of Earnings Per Share       The calculation of basic and diluted earnings per common share for the periods ended November 30 was as follows (in millions, except per share amounts):   

(1)      
    Net earnings available to participating securities were immaterial in all periods presented.      
  (5)  Retirement Plans       We sponsor
programs that provide retirement benefits to most of our employees. These programs include defined benefit pension plans, defined contribution plans and postretirement healthcare plans. Key terms of our retirement plans are provided in our Annual
Report. Our retirement plans costs for the periods ended November 30 were as follows (in millions):       
 
         - 13 -

Table of Contents  

   Net periodic benefit cost of the pension and postretirement healthcare plans for the periods ended
November 30 included the following components (in millions):       
    Contributions to our tax qualified U.S. domestic pension plans ( U.S. Pension Plans ) for the  six-month  periods ended November 30 were as follows (in millions):       
    In December 2016, we made $250 million in contributions to our U.S. Pension Plans, of which $178 million was required.
Our U.S. Pension Plans have ample funds to meet expected benefit payments.      (6)  Business Segment Information    
  We provide a broad portfolio of transportation,  e-commerce  and business services through companies competing
collectively, operating independently and managed collaboratively under the respected FedEx brand. Our primary operating companies include FedEx Express, the world s largest express transportation company; TNT Express, an international express,
small-package ground delivery and freight transportation company that was acquired near the end of our 2016 fourth quarter; FedEx Ground Package System, Inc. ( FedEx Ground ), a leading North American provider of small-package ground
delivery services; and FedEx Freight, Inc. ( FedEx Freight ), a leading U.S. provider of less-than-truckload ( LTL ) freight services. These companies represent our major service lines and, along with FedEx Corporate Services,
Inc. ( FedEx Services ), form the core of our reportable segments.   
         - 14 -

Table of Contents  

   Our reportable segments include the following businesses:   

FedEx Express Group:   

FedEx Express Segment    
      
    FedEx Express (express transportation)    

FedEx Trade Networks (air and ocean freight forwarding, customs brokerage and cross-border enablement technology and
solutions)    

FedEx SupplyChain Systems (logistics services)   

TNT Express Segment    
      
    TNT Express (international express transportation, small-package ground delivery and freight
transportation)    

FedEx Ground Segment   
      
  FedEx Ground (small-package ground delivery)   

GENCO (third-party logistics)   

FedEx Freight Segment   
      
  FedEx Freight (LTL freight transportation)   

FedEx Custom Critical (time-critical transportation)   

FedEx Services Segment   
      
    FedEx Services (sales, marketing, information technology, communications, customer service, technical support, billing and
collection services and back-office functions)    

FedEx Office (document and business services and package acceptance)    
      FedEx Services Segment        The FedEx Services segment operates combined sales, marketing, administrative and information technology functions that support our transportation businesses and allow us to obtain synergies from the
combination of these functions. For the international regions of FedEx Express and for TNT Express, some of these functions are performed on a regional basis and reported in the applicable segment in their natural expense line items. The FedEx
Services segment includes: FedEx Services, which provides sales, marketing, information technology, communications, customer service, technical support, billing and collection services for U.S. customers of our major business units and certain
back-office support to our other companies; and FedEx Office, which provides an array of document and business services and retail access to our customers for our package transportation businesses.   
  The FedEx Services segment provides direct and indirect support to our transportation businesses, and we allocate all of the net operating costs of the
FedEx Services segment (including the net operating results of FedEx Office) to reflect the full cost of operating our transportation businesses in the results of those segments. Within the FedEx Services segment allocation, the net operating
results of FedEx Office, which are an immaterial component of our allocations, are allocated to FedEx Express and FedEx Ground. We review and evaluate the performance of our transportation segments based on operating income (inclusive of FedEx
Services segment allocations). For the FedEx Services segment, performance is evaluated based on the impact of its total allocated net operating costs on our transportation segments.      Operating expenses for each of our transportation segments include the allocations from the FedEx Services segment to the respective transportation segments. These allocations also include charges and
credits for administrative services provided between operating companies. The allocations of net operating costs are based on metrics such as relative revenues or estimated services provided. We believe these allocations approximate the net cost of
providing these functions. Our allocation methodologies are refined periodically, as necessary, to reflect changes in our businesses.   
         - 15 -

Table of Contents  

     Eliminations, Corporate and Other        Certain FedEx operating companies provide transportation and related services for other FedEx companies outside their reportable segment. Billings for such services are based on negotiated rates, which we
believe approximate fair value, and are reflected as revenues of the billing segment. These rates are adjusted from time to time based on market conditions. Such intersegment revenues and expenses are eliminated in our consolidated results and are
not separately identified in the following segment information, because the amounts are not material.      Corporate and other includes corporate
headquarters costs for executive officers and certain legal and financial functions, as well as certain other costs and credits not attributed to our core business. These costs are not allocated to the business segments.   
  The following table provides a reconciliation of reportable segment revenues and operating income to our unaudited condensed consolidated financial
statement totals for the periods ended November 30 (in millions):       
 
         - 16 -

Table of Contents  

   (7)  Commitments       As of November 30, 2016, our purchase commitments under various contracts for the remainder of 2017 and annually thereafter were as follows (in millions):   

(1)   
        Primarily
equipment and advertising contracts.         The amounts reflected in the table above for purchase commitments represent
noncancelable agreements to purchase goods or services. As of November 30, 2016, our obligation to purchase four Boeing  767-300  Freighter ( B767F ) aircraft and seven Boeing 777 Freighter
( B777F ) aircraft is conditioned upon there being no event that causes FedEx Express or its employees not to be covered by the Railway Labor Act of 1926, as amended. Open purchase orders that are cancelable are not considered
unconditional purchase obligations for financial reporting purposes and are not included in the table above.      We had $430 million in
deposits and progress payments as of November 30, 2016 on aircraft purchases and other planned aircraft-related transactions. These deposits are classified in the  Other assets  caption of our consolidated balance sheets. Aircraft and
aircraft-related contracts are subject to price escalations. The following table is a summary of the key aircraft we are committed to purchase as of November 30, 2016 with the year of expected delivery:   

- 17 -

Table of Contents  

   A summary of future minimum lease payments under noncancelable operating leases with an initial or remaining
term in excess of one year at November 30, 2016 is as follows (in millions):       
    Future minimum lease payments under capital leases were immaterial at November 30, 2016. While certain of our lease
agreements contain covenants governing the use of the leased assets or require us to maintain certain levels of insurance, none of our lease agreements include material financial covenants or limitations.   
  (8)  Contingencies        Independent
Contractor   Lawsuits and State Administrative Proceedings.  FedEx Ground is involved in numerous class-action lawsuits (including 22 that have been certified as class actions), individual lawsuits and state tax and other administrative
proceedings that claim that the company s owner-operators under a contractor model no longer in use should have been treated as employees, rather than independent contractors.      Most of the class-action lawsuits were consolidated for administration of the  pre-trial  proceedings by a single federal court, the U.S. District Court for the
Northern District of Indiana. The multidistrict litigation court granted class certification in 28 cases and denied it in 14 cases. On December 13, 2010, the court entered an opinion and order addressing all outstanding motions for summary
judgment on the status of the owner-operators (i.e., independent contractor vs. employee). In sum, the court ruled on our summary judgment motions and entered judgment in favor of FedEx Ground on all claims in 20 of the 28 multidistrict litigation
cases that had been certified as class actions, finding that the owner-operators in those cases were contractors as a matter of the law of 20 states. The plaintiffs filed notices of appeal in all of these 20 cases. The Seventh Circuit heard the
appeal in the Kansas case in January 2012 and, in July 2012, issued an opinion that did not make a determination with respect to the correctness of the district court s decision and, instead, certified two questions to the Kansas Supreme Court
related to the classification of the plaintiffs as independent contractors under the Kansas Wage Payment Act. The other 19 cases that are before the Seventh Circuit were stayed.      On October 3, 2014, the Kansas Supreme Court determined that a 20 factor right to control test applies to claims under the Kansas Wage Payment Act and concluded that under that test, the class
members were employees, not independent contractors. The case was subsequently transferred back to the Seventh Circuit, where both parties made filings requesting the action necessary to complete the resolution of the appeals. The parties also made
recommendations to the court regarding next steps for the other 19 cases that are before the Seventh Circuit. FedEx Ground requested that each of those cases be separately briefed given the potential differences in the applicable state law from that
in Kansas. On July 8, 2015, the Seventh Circuit issued an order and opinion confirming the decision of the Kansas Supreme Court, concluding that the class members are employees, not independent contractors. Additionally, the Seventh Circuit
referred the other 19 cases to a representative of the court for purposes of setting a case management conference to address briefing and argument for those cases.   
         - 18 -

Table of Contents  

   During the second quarter of 2015, we established an accrual for the estimated probable loss in the Kansas
case. In the second quarter of 2016 the Kansas case settled, and we increased the accrual to the amount of the settlement. The settlement requires court approval.      During the third quarter of 2016, we reached agreements in principle to settle all of the 19 cases on appeal in the multidistrict independent contractor litigation. All of these settlements require court
approval. We recognized a liability for the expected loss (net of recognized insurance recovery) related to these cases and certain other pending independent-contractor-related proceedings of $204 million.   
  The Kansas case was remanded to the multidistrict litigation court, and the other 19 cases remain at the Seventh Circuit; however, approval proceedings
will be conducted primarily by the multidistrict litigation court. Plaintiffs filed motions for preliminary approval between June 15 and June 30, 2016, and on August 3 and 4, 2016, the multidistrict litigation court issued orders
indicating that it would grant preliminary approval if the Seventh Circuit would remand the cases on appeal for the purpose of entering approval orders. Upon the parties  joint motion, the Seventh Circuit remanded the cases for this purpose on
August 10, 2016, and the multidistrict litigation court entered orders preliminarily approving the settlements on August 17, 2016. Fairness hearings are scheduled for January 23 and 24, 2017.   
  The multidistrict litigation court remanded the other eight certified class actions back to the district courts where they were originally filed because
its summary judgment ruling did not completely dispose of all of the claims in those lawsuits. Four of these matters settled for immaterial amounts and have received court approval.      The case in Arkansas settled in the second quarter of 2016, and we established an accrual for the amount of the settlement. The court granted preliminary approval on September 15, 2016, and scheduled
a final approval hearing for March 1, 2017.      Two cases in Oregon and one in California were appealed to the Ninth Circuit Court of
Appeals, where the court reversed the district court decisions and held that the plaintiffs in California and Oregon were employees as a matter of law and remanded the cases to their respective district courts for further proceedings. In the first
quarter of 2015, we recognized an accrual for the then-estimated probable loss in those cases.      In June 2015, the parties in the California
case reached an agreement to settle the matter for $228 million, and in the fourth quarter of 2015 we increased the accrual to that amount. The court entered final judgment on June 20, 2016, and two objectors to the settlement filed
appeals with the Ninth Circuit. One objector has settled with plaintiffs  counsel, and we expect the appeal by the second objector to be briefed by the end of the third quarter of 2017 and arguments to be scheduled thereafter. The settlement is
not effective until all appeals have been resolved without affecting the court s approval of the settlement.      The two cases in Oregon
were consolidated with a  non-multidistrict  litigation independent contractor case in Oregon. The three cases collectively settled in the second quarter of 2016, and we increased the accrual in these cases to
the amount of the settlement. The settlement was preliminarily approved on April 20, 2016 and the court granted final approval after a fairness hearing on October 20, 2016.      In addition, we are defending contractor-model cases that are not or are no longer part of the multidistrict litigation. These cases are in varying stages of litigation. We do not expect to incur a
material loss in these matters; however, it is reasonably possible that potential loss in some of these lawsuits or changes to the independent contractor status of FedEx Ground s owner-operators could be material. In these cases, we continue to
evaluate what facts may arise in the course of discovery and what legal rulings the courts may render and how these facts and rulings might impact FedEx Ground s loss. For a number of reasons, we are not currently able to estimate a range of
reasonably possible loss in these cases. The number and identities of plaintiffs in these lawsuits are uncertain, as they are dependent on how the class of drivers is defined and how many individuals will qualify based on whatever criteria may be
established. In addition, the parties have conducted only very limited discovery into damages in certain of these cases, which could vary considerably from plaintiff to plaintiff and be dependent on evidence pertaining to individual plaintiffs,
which has yet to be produced in the cases. Further, the range of potential loss could be impacted substantially by future rulings by the court, including on the merits of the claims, on FedEx Ground s defenses, and on evidentiary issues. As a
consequence of these factors, as well as others that are specific to these cases, we are not currently able to estimate a range of reasonably possible loss. We do not believe that a material loss is probable in these matters.   
         - 19 -

Table of Contents  

   Adverse determinations in matters related to FedEx Ground s independent contractors, could, among other
things, entitle certain owner-operators and their drivers to the reimbursement of certain expenses and to the benefit of   wage-and-hour   laws and result in employment and
withholding tax and benefit liability for FedEx Ground. We believe that FedEx Ground s owner-operators are properly classified as independent contractors and that FedEx Ground is not an employer of the drivers of the company s independent
contractors.       City and State of New York Cigarette Suit.  The City of New York and the State of New York filed two related lawsuits
against FedEx Ground in December 2013 and November 2014 arising from FedEx Ground s alleged shipments of cigarettes to New York residents in contravention of several statutes, including the Racketeer Influenced and Corrupt Organizations Act
( RICO ) and New York s Public Health Law, as well as common law nuisance claims. In April 2016, the two lawsuits were consolidated and will now proceed as one lawsuit. The first-filed lawsuit alleges that FedEx Ground provided
delivery services on behalf of four shippers, and the second-filed lawsuit alleges that FedEx Ground provided delivery services on behalf of six additional shippers; none of these shippers continue to ship in our network. Pursuant to motions to
dismiss filed in both lawsuits, some of the claims have been dismissed entirely or limited. In the first-filed lawsuit, the New York Public Health Law and common law nuisance claims were dismissed and the plaintiffs voluntarily dismissed another
claim. In the second-filed lawsuit, the court dismissed, without prejudice to plaintiffs  right to refile the claim at a later date, the New York Public Health Law claim. The plaintiffs have refiled the New York Public Health Law claim, and
FedEx Ground has filed a motion to dismiss that claim that is pending with the court. Other claims, including the RICO claims, remain in both lawsuits. The likelihood of loss is reasonably possible, but the amount of loss cannot be estimated at this
stage of the litigation and we expect the amount of any loss to be immaterial.       Environmental Matters . SEC regulations require
disclosure of certain environmental matters when a governmental authority is a party to the proceedings and the proceedings involve potential monetary sanctions that management reasonably believes could exceed $100,000.   
  On September 9, 2016, GENCO received a written offer from several District Attorneys  Offices in California to settle a civil action that the
District Attorneys intend to file against GENCO for alleged violations of the state s hazardous waste regulations. Specifically, the District Attorneys  Offices allege GENCO unlawfully disposed of hazardous waste at one of its California
facilities and caused the illegal transportation and disposal of hazardous waste from the retail stores of a GENCO customer at this same facility. The District Attorneys allege these violations began in 2006 and continued until the facility closed
in the spring of 2015. We believe an immaterial loss in this matter is probable. The District Attorneys are also investigating GENCO s hazardous waste activities at eight additional facilities within California. We will pursue all available
remedies against the sellers of GENCO to recover any losses in these matters.      FedEx and its subsidiaries are subject to other legal
proceedings that arise in the ordinary course of business, including certain lawsuits containing various class-action allegations of   wage-and-hour   violations in which
plaintiffs claim, among other things, that they were forced to work  off the clock,  were not paid overtime or were not provided work breaks or other benefits. In the opinion of management, the aggregate liability, if any, with respect to
these other actions will not have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations or cash flows.   
         - 20 -

Table of Contents  

   (9)  Supplemental Cash Flow Information       Cash paid for interest expense and income taxes for the  six-month  periods ended November 30 was as follows (in millions):   
   
    (10)  Condensed Consolidating Financial Statements       We are required to present condensed consolidating financial information in order for the subsidiary guarantors of our public debt to continue to be exempt from reporting under the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934, as amended.      The guarantor subsidiaries, which are 100% owned by FedEx, guarantee $13.4 billion of our debt. The guarantees are
full and unconditional and joint and several. Our guarantor subsidiaries were not determined using geographic, service line or other similar criteria, and as a result, the  Guarantor Subsidiaries  and
  Non-guarantor  Subsidiaries  columns each include portions of our domestic and international operations. Accordingly, this basis of presentation is not intended to present our financial condition,
results of operations or cash flows for any purpose other than to comply with the specific requirements for subsidiary guarantor reporting.   
         - 21 -

Table of Contents  

   Condensed consolidating financial statements for our guarantor subsidiaries and  non-guarantor  subsidiaries are presented in the following tables (in millions):      CONDENSED
CONSOLIDATING BALANCE SHEETS      (UNAUDITED)      November 30, 2016       
 
         - 22 -

Table of Contents  

   CONDENSED CONSOLIDATING BALANCE SHEETS   
  May 31, 2016       
 
         - 23 -

Table of Contents  

   CONDENSED CONSOLIDATING STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME   
  (UNAUDITED)      Three
Months Ended November 30, 2016       
    CONDENSED CONSOLIDATING STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME   
  (UNAUDITED)      Three
Months Ended November 30, 2015       
 
         - 24 -

Table of Contents  

   CONDENSED CONSOLIDATING STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME   
  (UNAUDITED)      Six
Months Ended November 30, 2016       
    CONDENSED CONSOLIDATING STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME   
  (UNAUDITED)      Six
Months Ended November 30, 2015       
 
         - 25 -

Table of Contents  

   CONDENSED CONSOLIDATING STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS   
  (UNAUDITED)      Six
Months Ended November 30, 2016       
 
         - 26 -

Table of Contents  

   CONDENSED CONSOLIDATING STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS   
  (UNAUDITED)      Six
Months Ended November 30, 2015       
 
         - 27 -

Table of Contents  

     REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED   
  PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM      The
Board of Directors and Stockholders      FedEx Corporation      We have reviewed the condensed consolidated balance sheet of FedEx Corporation as of November 30, 2016, and the related condensed consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income for the
three-month and  six-month  periods ended November 30, 2016 and 2015 and the condensed consolidated statements of cash flows for the  six-month  periods ended
November 30, 2016 and 2015. These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management.      We conducted our review
in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). A review of interim financial information consists principally of applying analytical procedures and making inquiries of persons responsible for
financial and accounting matters. It is substantially less in scope than an audit conducted in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), the objective of which is the expression of an opinion
regarding the financial statements taken as a whole. Accordingly, we do not express such an opinion.      Based on our review, we are not aware of
any material modifications that should be made to the condensed consolidated financial statements referred to above for them to be in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles.   
  We have previously audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), the consolidated balance
sheet of FedEx Corporation as of May 31, 2016, and the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, changes in stockholders  investment, and cash flows for the year then ended (not presented herein) and we expressed an
unqualified audit opinion on those consolidated financial statements in our report dated July 18, 2016. In our opinion, the accompanying condensed consolidated balance sheet of FedEx Corporation as of May 31, 2016, is fairly stated, in all
material respects, in relation to the consolidated balance sheet from which it has been derived.      /s/
Ernst   Young LLP      Memphis, Tennessee      December 21, 2016   
         - 28 -

Table of Contents  

       Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Results of
Operations and Financial Condition         GENERAL       The following Management s Discussion and Analysis of Results of Operations and Financial Condition ( MD A ) describes the principal factors affecting the results of operations,
liquidity, capital resources, contractual cash obligations and critical accounting estimates of FedEx Corporation ( FedEx ). This discussion should be read in conjunction with the accompanying quarterly unaudited condensed consolidated
financial statements and our Annual Report on Form  10-K  for the year ended May 31, 2016 ( Annual Report ). Our Annual Report includes additional information about our significant accounting
policies, practices and the transactions that underlie our financial results, as well as a detailed discussion of the most significant risks and uncertainties associated with our financial condition and operating results.   
  We provide a broad portfolio of transportation,  e-commerce  and business services through companies competing
collectively, operating independently and managed collaboratively, under the respected FedEx brand. Our primary operating companies are Federal Express Corporation ( FedEx Express ), the world s largest express transportation company;
TNT Express B.V. ( TNT Express ), an international express, small-package ground delivery and freight transportation company; FedEx Ground Package System, Inc. ( FedEx Ground ), a leading North American provider of small-package
ground delivery services; and FedEx Freight, Inc. ( FedEx Freight ), a leading U.S. provider of less-than-truckload ( LTL ) freight services. These companies represent our major service lines and, along with FedEx Corporate
Services, Inc. ( FedEx Services ), form the core of our reportable segments.      Our FedEx Services segment provides sales, marketing,
information technology, communications, customer service, technical support, billing and collection services, and certain back-office support functions that support our transportation segments. In addition, the FedEx Services segment provides
customers with retail access to FedEx Express and FedEx Ground shipping services through FedEx Office and Print Services, Inc. ( FedEx Office ). See  Reportable Segments  for further discussion. Additional information on our
businesses can also be found in our Annual Report.      The key indicators necessary to understand our operating results include:   

the overall customer demand for our various services based on macro-economic factors and the global economy;      

the volumes of transportation services provided through our networks, primarily measured by our average daily volume and shipment weight and size;

the mix of services purchased by our customers;          

the prices we obtain for our services, primarily measured by yield (revenue per package or pound or revenue per shipment or hundredweight for LTL
freight shipments);          

our ability to manage our network capacity and cost structure (capital expenditures and operating expenses) to match shifting volume levels; and

the timing and amount of fluctuations in fuel prices and our ability to recover incremental fuel costs through our fuel surcharges.
        The majority of our operating expenses are directly impacted by revenue and volume levels. Accordingly, we expect these
operating expenses to fluctuate on a year-over-year basis consistent with the change in revenues and volumes. Therefore, the discussion of operating expense captions focuses on the key drivers and trends impacting expenses other than changes in
revenues and volume. The line item  Other operating expenses  predominantly includes costs associated with outside service contracts (such as security, facility services and cargo handling), insurance, professional fees, and uniforms.
  
         - 29 -

Table of Contents  

   Except as otherwise specified, references to years indicate our fiscal year ending May 31, 2017 or
ended May 31 of the year referenced and comparisons are to the corresponding period of the prior year. References to our transportation segments include, collectively, our FedEx Express group, which includes the FedEx Express and TNT Express
segments, the FedEx Ground segment and the FedEx Freight segment.       RESULTS OF OPERATIONS    
    CONSOLIDATED RESULTS        The
following tables compare summary operating results and changes in revenue and operating income (dollars in millions, except per share amounts) for the periods ended November 30:   

- 30 -

Table of Contents  

Overview        In addition to the inclusion of TNT Express, which has impacted the year-over-year comparability of our results, operating income increased in the second quarter and first half of 2017 due to improved
results at FedEx Express, as we continue to grow base yields and constrain expense growth. Operating income also improved in the first half of 2017 due to volume and yield growth at FedEx Ground.   
  However, increased rent, depreciation and staffing as a result of network expansion, as well as increased purchased transportation rates, resulted in a
decline in FedEx Ground s second quarter results. Lower operating income at FedEx Freight negatively impacted our results in the second quarter and first half of 2017.      We incurred an aggregate $58 million ($50 million, net of tax, or $0.18 per diluted share) in the second quarter and $126 million ($94 million, net of tax, or $0.35 per diluted share)
in the first half of 2017 of integration expenses for TNT Express and charges associated with TNT Express s restructuring program called Outlook. The integration expenses are predominantly incremental costs directly associated with the
integration of TNT Express, including professional and legal fees, salaries and wages, advertising expenses and travel. Internal salaries and wages are included only to the extent the individuals are assigned full time to integration activities.
These costs were incurred primarily at FedEx Corporation and FedEx Express. The identification of these costs as integration-related expenditures is subject to our disclosure controls and procedures. In addition, we incurred $10 million
($7 million, net of tax, or $0.03 per diluted share) in the second quarter and $38 million ($28 million, net of tax, or $0.10 per diluted share) in the first half of 2017 of increased intangible asset amortization as a result of this
acquisition.      In the second quarter of 2016 we incurred expenses related to the settlement of independent contractor litigation matters
involving FedEx Ground for $41 million ($25 million, net of tax, or $0.09 per diluted share).   
         - 31 -

Table of Contents  

   The following graphs for FedEx Express, FedEx Ground and FedEx Freight show selected volume trends (in
thousands) over the five most recent quarters (TNT Express volume trends are not presented, as it was acquired on May 25, 2016):       

(1)   
        International
domestic average daily package volume represents our international intra-country operations in the FedEx Express segment.      
         - 32 -

Table of Contents  

   The following graphs for FedEx Express, FedEx Ground and FedEx Freight show selected yield trends over the
five most recent quarters (TNT Express yield trends are not presented, as it was acquired on May 25, 2016):       

Revenue        Revenues increased 20% in the second quarter and the first half of 2017 due to the inclusion of TNT Express and improvements at our other transportation segments. At FedEx Ground, revenues increased 9% in
the second quarter and 11% in the first half of 2017 due to volume growth in our residential services and commercial business and yield growth. Revenues at FedEx Express increased 2% in the second quarter and the first half of 2017 due to yield and
package volume growth. FedEx Freight revenues increased 3% in the second quarter and the first half of 2017 due to higher average daily LTL shipments. Lower fuel surcharges had a negative impact on revenues at all of our transportation segments in
the second quarter and first half of 2017.   
         - 33 -

Table of Contents  

     Operating Expenses        The following tables compare operating expenses expressed as dollar amounts (in millions) and as a percent of revenue for the periods ended November 30:   
   
    Operating margin declined during the second quarter and first half of 2017 due to the inclusion of TNT Express, increased
depreciation, rent and staffing as a result of network expansion and increased purchased transportation rates at FedEx Ground and lower operating income at FedEx Freight. These impacts were partially offset by the continued benefits from cost
management initiatives at FedEx Express.      The inclusion of the TNT Express segment in our results has impacted the year-over-year
comparability of our operating expenses. Purchased transportation costs increased 35% in the second quarter and 37% in the first half of 2017 due to the inclusion of TNT Express and higher volumes, as well as increased service provider and U.S.
Postal Service rates at FedEx Ground. Salaries and employee benefits expense increased 17% in the second quarter and first half of 2017. These increases were due to the inclusion of TNT Express, volume growth and staffing to support network
expansion at FedEx Ground, merit increases at FedEx Express and increased staffing and merit increases at FedEx Freight. Other expenses were 27% higher in the second quarter and 26% in the first half of 2017 primarily due to the inclusion of TNT
Express results driven by outside service contracts.   
         - 34 -

Table of Contents  

     Fuel        The following graph for our transportation segments shows our average cost of jet and vehicle fuel per gallon for the five most recent quarters:   

Fuel expense increased 7% in the second quarter of 2017 due to the inclusion of TNT Express. However, fuel expense
decreased 1% in the first half of 2017 due to lower fuel prices, which was mostly offset by the inclusion of TNT Express. Fuel prices represent only one component of the two factors we consider meaningful in understanding the impact of fuel on our
business. Consideration must also be given to the fuel surcharge revenue we collect. Accordingly, we believe discussion of the net impact of fuel on our results, which is a comparison of the year-over-year change in these two factors, is important
to understand the impact of fuel on our business. In order to provide information about the impact of fuel surcharges on the trend in revenue and yield growth, we have included the comparative weighted-average fuel surcharge percentages in effect
for the second quarter and first half of 2017 and 2016 in the accompanying discussions of each of our transportation segments.      The index used
to determine the fuel surcharge percentage for our FedEx Freight business adjusts weekly, while our fuel surcharges for the FedEx Express, TNT Express and FedEx Ground businesses incorporate a timing lag of approximately six to eight weeks before
they are adjusted for changes in fuel prices. For example, the fuel surcharge index in effect at FedEx Express in November 2016 was set based on September 2016 fuel prices. In addition, the structure of the table that is used to determine our fuel
surcharge at FedEx Express, TNT Express and FedEx Ground does not adjust immediately for changes in fuel price, but allows for the fuel surcharge revenue charged to our customers to remain unchanged as long as fuel prices remain within certain
ranges.      Beyond these factors, the manner in which we purchase fuel also influences the net impact of fuel on our results. For example, our
contracts for jet fuel purchases at FedEx Express are tied to various indices, including the U.S. Gulf Coast index. While many of these indices are aligned, each index may fluctuate at a different pace, driving variability in the prices paid for jet
fuel. Furthermore, under these contractual arrangements, approximately 75% of our jet fuel is purchased based on the index price for the preceding week, with the remainder of our purchases tied to the index price for the preceding month, rather than
based on daily spot rates. These contractual provisions mitigate the impact of rapidly changing daily spot rates on our jet fuel purchases.   
  Because of the factors described above, our operating results may be affected should the market price of fuel suddenly change by a significant amount or
change by amounts that do not result in an adjustment in our fuel surcharges, which can significantly affect our earnings either positively or negatively in the short-term.      We routinely review our fuel surcharges and our fuel surcharge methodology. As announced on September 19, 2016, FedEx Express and FedEx Ground fuel surcharges will be adjusted on a weekly basis
compared to the current monthly adjustment, effective February 6, 2017. On November 2, 2015, we updated the tables used to determine our fuel surcharges at FedEx Express, FedEx Ground and FedEx Freight.   
         - 35 -

Table of Contents  

   The net impact of fuel had a minimal impact in the second quarter and first half of 2017 to operating
income.      The net impact of fuel on our operating results does not consider the effects that fuel surcharge levels may have on our business,
including changes in demand and shifts in the mix of services purchased by our customers. While fluctuations in fuel surcharge percentages can be significant from period to period, fuel surcharges represent one of the many individual components of
our pricing structure that impact our overall revenue and yield. Additional components include the mix of services sold, the base price and extra service charges we obtain for these services and the level of pricing discounts offered.   
    Other Income and Expense     
  Interest expense increased $95 million in the first half of 2017 primarily due to our U.S. and European debt issuances in fiscal 2016, which was
partially offset by a gain of $35 million from the sale of an investment during the second quarter of 2017. The annualized weighted average interest rate on our long-term debt was 3.6% for the six months ended November 30, 2016, reflecting
the favorable interest rates obtained in recent debt offerings.        Income Taxes     
  Our effective tax rate was 35.1% for the second quarter and 36.3% for the first half of 2017, compared with 34.5% in the second quarter and 35.3% in the
first half of 2016. The first half tax rate in 2017 has been negatively impacted by local country losses in some entities within TNT Express, for which no tax benefit was recognized due to uncertainty as to the utilization of these losses. This
year-to-date negative impact was partially offset by the benefit of early adopting the Accounting Standards Update for share-based payments in the second quarter of 2017. Longer term, as the synergies from the TNT Express acquisition result in
greater international profits, we expect our effective tax rate to be lower than the rate in recent years. The tax rates in 2016 were favorably impacted by the resolution of a state tax matter.   
  We are subject to taxation in the United States and various U.S. state, local and foreign jurisdictions. We are currently under examination by the
Internal Revenue Service for the 2014 and 2015 tax years. It is reasonably possible that certain income tax return proceedings will be completed during the next twelve months and could result in a change in our balance of unrecognized tax benefits.
The expected impact of any changes would not be material to our consolidated financial statements. As of November 30, 2016, there were no material changes to our liabilities for unrecognized tax benefits from May 31, 2016.   
    Business Acquisition        On
May 25, 2016, we acquired TNT Express for  4.4 billion (approximately $4.9 billion). Cash acquired in the acquisition was approximately  250 million ($280 million). As of November 30, 2016, $26 million of shares
associated with the transaction remained untendered, a decrease of $261 million since May 31, 2016. The remaining untendered shares are included in the  Other liabilities  caption of our consolidated balance sheets. We funded the
acquisition with proceeds from our April 2016 debt issuance and existing cash balances. The financial results of this business are included in the FedEx Express group and TNT Express segment from the date of acquisition.   
  TNT Express collects, transports and delivers documents, parcels and freight to over 200 countries. This strategic acquisition broadens our portfolio of
international transportation solutions by combining TNT Express s strong European road platform with FedEx Express s strength in other regions globally.      Given the timing and complexity of the acquisition, the presentation of TNT Express in our financial statements, including the allocation of the purchase price, continues to be preliminary and will likely
change in future periods, perhaps significantly, as additional information concerning the fair value estimates of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed as of the acquisition date is obtained during the remainder of the fiscal year. We will
complete our purchase price allocation no later than the fourth quarter of 2017.   
         - 36 -

Table of Contents  

   See Note 1 of the accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements for further discussion
of this acquisition.        Outlook        We expect volume and yield growth at FedEx Express and FedEx Ground and the inclusion of TNT Express to drive our continued earnings growth in 2017 prior to any   mark-to-market   (MTM) benefit plans adjustment. At FedEx Ground, we are focused on balancing capacity and volume growth with yield management. These actions contributed to the second quarter volume results and
are also expected to mute third quarter volume growth. Our results in 2017 will continue to be negatively impacted by our TNT Express integration and restructuring activities. Our expectations for earnings growth in the third quarter and the
remainder of 2017 are dependent on key external factors, including fuel prices and the pace of improvement of the global economy.      During the
second half of 2017, we will continue to execute our TNT Express integration plans. The integration process is complex as it spans over 200 countries and involves combining our pickup and delivery operations at a local level, our global and regional
air and ground networks, and our extensive operations, customs clearance, sales and back-office IT systems, and is expected to take four years to complete.      As a result of updates to the TNT Express purchase price allocation during the second quarter of 2017, the intangible asset amortization is now estimated to be $38 million in the second half and
$75 million for 2017. See Note 1 of the accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements and the TNT Express discussion in this MD A for additional information.      In addition, as discussed in our Annual Report, TNT Express is undergoing a large restructuring program called Outlook, which includes incurring certain restructuring costs. We estimate incurring costs of
approximately $250 million in 2017 as a result of the TNT Express integration and Outlook restructuring programs. We currently expect the aggregate integration program expense over the four years to be in the range of $700 million to
$800 million. The timing and amount of integration-related expenses in any future period is subject to change as we implement our plans. Therefore, we cannot currently predict if TNT Express will be accretive under accounting principles
generally accepted in the United States in 2018. We believe that this acquisition presents significant opportunities for material synergies in pickup and delivery costs, air and ground network optimization, selling, general and administrative
expenses, as well as revenue growth, and the benefit of a lower tax rate. We are currently anticipating annual  pre-tax  synergies following the completion of the integration program in fiscal 2020 of
$750 million. Given that the integration is complex and spans several years, how we achieve our target may evolve over time as market conditions and other factors change.       Other Outlook Matters . For details on key 2017 capital projects, refer to the  Liquidity Outlook  section of this MD A.      We are involved in a number of lawsuits and other proceedings that challenge the status of FedEx Ground s owner-operators as independent contractors. For a description of these proceedings, see Note
8 of the accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements and the  Independent Contractor Model  section of our FedEx Ground segment MD A.      FedEx Ground previously announced plans to implement the Independent Service Provider ( ISP ) model throughout its entire U.S. pickup and delivery network, including the 29 states that had not
yet begun transitioning to the ISP model. The transition to the ISP model in these 29 states is being accomplished on a   district-by-district   basis and is expected to be
completed by the end of 2020. As of November 30, 2016, 43% of FedEx Ground volume was being delivered by small businesses operating under the ISP model. The costs associated with these transitions will be recognized in the periods incurred and
are not expected to be material to any future quarter.      See  Forward-Looking Statements  for a discussion of these and other
potential risks and uncertainties that could materially affect our future performance.   
         - 37 -

Table of Contents  

     RECENT ACCOUNTING GUIDANCE        New accounting rules and disclosure requirements can significantly impact our reported results and the comparability of our financial statements. These matters are described in our Annual Report.
     During the first quarter of 2017, we retrospectively adopted the authoritative guidance issued by the Financial Accounting Standards Board
( FASB ) to simplify the presentation of debt issuance costs. This new guidance requires entities to present debt issuance costs related to a recognized debt liability as a direct deduction from the carrying amount of that debt liability,
rather than as an asset. This new guidance had a minimal impact on our accounting and financial reporting.      On May 28, 2014, the FASB and
International Accounting Standards Board issued a new accounting standard that will supersede virtually all existing revenue recognition guidance under generally accepted accounting principles in the United States (and International Financial
Reporting Standards) which has been subsequently updated to defer the effective date of the new revenue recognition standard by one year. This standard will be effective for us beginning in fiscal 2019. The fundamental principles of the new guidance
are that companies should recognize revenue in a manner that reflects the timing of the transfer of services to customers and the amount of revenue recognized reflects the consideration that a company expects to receive for the goods and services
provided. The new guidance establishes a five-step approach for the recognition of revenue. Based on our current assessment, we do not anticipate that the new guidance will have a material impact on our revenue recognition policies, practices or
systems.      On February 25, 2016, the FASB issued the new lease accounting standard which requires lessees to put most leases on their
balance sheets but recognize the expenses on their income statements in a manner similar to current practice. The new standard states that a lessee will recognize a lease liability for the obligation to make lease payments and a   right-of-use   asset for the right to use the underlying asset for the lease term. Expense related to leases determined to be operating leases will be recognized on a
straight-line basis, while those determined to be financing leases will be recognized following a front-loaded expense profile in which interest and amortization are presented separately in the income statement. We are currently evaluating the
impact of this new standard on our financial reporting, but recognizing the lease liability and related   right-of-use   asset will significantly impact our balance sheet.
These changes will be effective for our fiscal year beginning June 1, 2019 (fiscal 2020), with a modified retrospective adoption method to the beginning of 2018.      During the second quarter of 2017, we adopted the Accounting Standards Update issued by the FASB in March 2016 to simplify the accounting for share-based payment transactions. The new guidance requires
companies to recognize the income tax effects of awards that vest or are settled as income tax expense or benefit in the income statement as opposed to additional  paid-in  capital as is current practice. The
guidance also provides clarification of the presentation of certain components of share-based awards in the statement of cash flows. Additionally, the guidance allows companies to make a policy election to account for forfeitures either upon
occurrence or by estimating forfeitures. We have elected to continue estimating forfeitures expected to occur in order to determine the amount of compensation cost to be recognized each period and to apply the cash flow classification guidance
prospectively. Excess tax benefits are now classified as an operating activity rather than a financing activity. The adoption of the new standard had a benefit of $21 million to net income and $0.07 per diluted share for the second quarter of
2017. The first quarter of 2017 has not been recast due to immateriality.      We believe that no other new accounting guidance was adopted or
issued during the first half of 2017 that is relevant to the readers of our financial statements.   
         - 38 -

Table of Contents  

     REPORTABLE SEGMENTS        FedEx Express, FedEx Ground and FedEx Freight represent our major service lines and, along with FedEx Services, form the core of our reportable segments. Our reportable segments include the following
businesses:       

FedEx Express Group:    

FedEx Express Segment    
      
    FedEx Express (express transportation)    

FedEx Trade Networks (air and ocean freight forwarding, customs brokerage and cross-border enablement technology and
solutions)    

FedEx SupplyChain Systems (logistics services)    

TNT Express Segment    
      
    TNT Express (international express transportation, small-package ground delivery and freight
transportation)    

FedEx Ground Segment    
      
    FedEx Ground (small-package ground delivery)    

GENCO (third-party logistics)    

FedEx Freight Segment    
      
    FedEx Freight (LTL freight transportation)    

FedEx Custom Critical (time-critical transportation)    

FedEx Services Segment    
      
    FedEx Services (sales, marketing, information technology, communications, customer service, technical support, billing and
collection services and back-office functions)    

FedEx Office (document and business services and package acceptance)    
      FEDEX SERVICES SEGMENT        The line item  Intercompany charges  on the accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements of our transportation segments reflects the allocations from the FedEx Services
segment to the respective transportation segments. The allocations of net operating costs are based on metrics such as relative revenues or estimated services provided.      The FedEx Services segment provides direct and indirect support to our transportation businesses, and we allocate all of the net operating costs of the FedEx Services segment (including the net operating
results of FedEx Office) to reflect the full cost of operating our transportation businesses in the results of those segments. Within the FedEx Services segment allocation, the net operating results of FedEx Office, which are an immaterial component
of our allocations, are allocated to FedEx Express and FedEx Ground. We review and evaluate the performance of our transportation segments based on operating income (inclusive of FedEx Services segment allocations). For the FedEx Services segment,
performance is evaluated based on the impact of its total allocated net operating costs on our transportation segments. We believe these allocations approximate the net cost of providing these functions. Our allocation methodologies are refined
periodically, as necessary, to reflect changes in our businesses.        ELIMINATIONS, CORPORATE AND OTHER     
  Certain FedEx operating companies provide transportation and related services for other FedEx companies outside their reportable segment. Billings for
such services are based on negotiated rates, which we believe approximate fair value, and are reflected as revenues of the billing segment. These rates are adjusted from time to time based on market conditions. Such intersegment revenues and
expenses are eliminated in our consolidated results and are not separately identified in the following segment information, because the amounts are not material.   
         - 39 -

Table of Contents  

   Corporate and other includes corporate headquarters costs for executive officers and certain legal and
financial functions, as well as certain other costs and credits not attributed to our core business. These costs are not allocated to the business segments. The year-over-year decrease in these costs in the second quarter and first half of 2017 was
driven by a prior year expense related to the settlement of independent contractor litigation matters involving FedEx Ground, partially offset by the TNT Express integration expenses discussed above.   
         - 40 -

Table of Contents  

     FEDEX EXPRESS GROUP        The FedEx Express group consists of the combined results of the FedEx Express and TNT Express segments. As discussed in our Annual Report, we have combined these segments for financial reporting
discussion purposes into a collective business as a result of their management reporting structure. Furthermore, over time their operations will be integrated, therefore presenting a group view provides a basis for future year-over-year comparison
purposes. We acquired TNT Express in the fourth quarter of 2016, which has impacted the year-over-year comparability of revenue and operating income. The following table compares selected performance measures (dollars in millions) for the periods
ended November 30:       
      FedEx Express Group Results        FedEx Express group revenues increased 31% in the second quarter and 30% in the first half of 2017. This increase was due to the inclusion of our recently acquired TNT Express segment, as well as improved
yields and package volume growth at our FedEx Express segment, which were partially offset by lower fuel surcharges and unfavorable exchange rates.      Operating income increased in the second quarter and first half of 2017 within the FedEx Express group reflecting the continued success of our FedEx Express segment and the inclusion of the TNT Express
segment. The TNT Express segment reported an operating profit due to revenue growth, which outpaced costs associated with the Outlook restructuring program and amortization of intangible assets. Operating margin of the group decreased in the second
quarter and first half of 2017 due to the inclusion of the TNT Express segment.   
         - 41 -

Table of Contents  

     FEDEX EXPRESS SEGMENT        FedEx Express offers a wide range of U.S. domestic and international shipping services for delivery of packages and freight including priority services, which provide time-definite delivery within one,
two or three business days worldwide, and deferred or economy services, which provide time-definite delivery within five business days worldwide. The following tables compare revenues, operating expenses, operating expenses as a percent of revenue,
operating income (dollars in millions) and operating margin for the periods ended November 30:       

(1)   
        International
domestic revenues represent our international intra-country operations.          

(2)   
        Includes FedEx
Trade Networks and FedEx SupplyChain Systems.      
         - 42 -

Table of Contents  

The following table compares selected statistics (in thousands, except yield amounts) for the periods ended November 30:

(1)   
        Package and
freight statistics include only the operations of FedEx Express.                 

(2)   
        International
domestic statistics represent our international intra-country operations.             
         - 43 -

Table of Contents  

     FedEx Express Segment Revenues        FedEx Express segment revenues increased 2% in the second quarter and the first half of 2017 primarily due to improved yields and package volume growth. These factors were partially offset by lower fuel
surcharges and unfavorable exchange rates in the second quarter and first half of 2017.      U.S. domestic yields increased 3% in the second
quarter and 2% in the first half of 2017 due to higher base rates. U.S. domestic average daily volumes decreased 1% in the second quarter and remained flat in the first half of 2017 driven by declines in our U.S. deferred service partially offset by
growth of our overnight envelope offering. International export average daily volumes increased 2% in the second quarter and 1% in the first half of 2017 due to growth in international export and increased international priority box shipments from
Asia. International domestic average daily volumes increased 3% in the second quarter and first half of 2017. Freight average daily pounds increased 4% in the first half of 2017 due to higher U.S. Postal Service volume.   
  Our U.S. domestic and outbound fuel surcharge and the international fuel surcharges ranged as follows for the periods ended November 30:   
   
    On September 19, 2016, FedEx Express announced a 3.9% average list price increase for U.S. domestic, U.S. export and
U.S. import services and a change to the U.S. domestic dimensional weight divisor effective January 2, 2017. In addition, FedEx Express fuel surcharges will be adjusted on a weekly basis compared to the current monthly adjustment, effective
February 6, 2017. On January 4, 2016, FedEx Express implemented a 4.9% average list price increase for FedEx Express U.S. domestic, U.S. export and U.S. import services. In addition, effective November 2, 2015, FedEx Express updated
certain tables used to determine fuel surcharges.        FedEx Express Segment Operating Income     
  FedEx Express continued to increase operating income in the second quarter and in the first half of 2017 due to base yield improvement, volume growth and
the continued benefits of cost management initiatives. In addition, results include $18 million in the second quarter and $40 million in the first half of 2017 of TNT Express integration expenses. FedEx Express continues to manage network
capacity to match customer demand, reduce structural costs, modernize its fleet and drive productivity increases throughout its operations.   
  Salaries and employee benefits increased 4% in the second quarter and 3% in the first half of 2017 due to merit increases. Other expenses increased 7% in
the second quarter and the first half of 2017 primarily due to TNT Express integration expenses. Purchased transportation expenses decreased 2% in the second quarter and 5% in the first half of 2017 driven by favorable exchange rates.   
  Fuel expense decreased 2% in the second quarter and 10% in the first half of 2017 due to lower fuel prices. See the  Fuel  section of this
MD A for a description and additional discussion of the net impact of fuel on our operating results.   
         - 44 -

Table of Contents  

     TNT EXPRESS SEGMENT        TNT Express collects, transports and delivers documents, parcels and freight on a  day-definite  or time-definite basis. Services are primarily classified by the
speed, distance, weight and size of shipments. While the majority of shipments are between businesses, TNT Express also offers   business-to-consumer   services to select
key customers. We acquired TNT Express in the fourth quarter of 2016. The following table presents revenues, operating expenses, operating expenses as a percent of revenue, operating income, operating margin (dollars in millions) and selected
package statistics (in thousands, except yield amounts) for the periods ended November 30:       
 
         - 45 -

Table of Contents  

TNT Express fuel surcharges are indexed to the spot price for jet fuel. Using this index, the international fuel
surcharge percentages ranged as follows for the periods ended November 30:       
      TNT Express Segment Results        The TNT Express segment was formed in the fourth quarter of 2016, following the acquisition of TNT Express on May 25, 2016. Since the date of acquisition, TNT Express has focused on maintaining its
customer base while beginning integration activities with FedEx Express, as well as continuing to execute the Outlook restructuring program.   
  TNT Express results included revenues of $1.9 billion for the second quarter and $3.7 billion for the first half of 2017 and operating income
of $70 million in the second quarter and $56 million in the first half of 2017. These results include Outlook restructuring program and integration costs of $10 million in the second quarter and $30 million in the first half of
2017. Costs associated with the Outlook restructuring program are expected to continue through calendar year 2018 and integration costs are expected to continue through fiscal year 2020. In addition, operating expenses include intangible asset
amortization of $10 million in the second quarter and $38 million in the first half of 2017. As a result of updates to the TNT Express purchase price allocation during the second quarter of 2017, the intangible asset amortization is
now estimated to be $38 million in the second half of 2017 and $75 million for the full year.   
         - 46 -

Table of Contents  

     FEDEX GROUND SEGMENT        FedEx Ground service offerings include  day-certain  delivery to businesses in the U.S. and Canada and to 100% of U.S. residences. The following tables compare
revenues, operating expenses, operating expenses as a percent of revenue, operating income (dollars in millions), operating margin and selected package statistics (in thousands, except yield amounts) for the periods ended November 30:   

FedEx Ground Segment Revenues        FedEx Ground segment revenues increased 9% in the second quarter and 11% in the first half of 2017 due to volume and yield growth. Average daily volume at FedEx Ground increased 5% in the second quarter
and 7% in the first half of 2017 primarily due to continued growth in our residential services driven by  e-commerce,  as well as our commercial business. FedEx Ground yield increased 4% during the second
quarter and 3% in the first half of 2017 primarily due to higher base yields.   
         - 47 -

Table of Contents  

   The FedEx Ground fuel surcharge is based on a rounded average of the national U.S.  on-highway  average price for a gallon of diesel fuel, as published by the Department of Energy. Our fuel surcharge ranged as follows for the periods ended November 30:   
   
    On September 19, 2016, FedEx Ground announced a 4.9% average list price increase and a change to the U.S. domestic
dimensional weight divisor effective January 2, 2017. In addition, FedEx Ground fuel surcharges will be adjusted on a weekly basis compared to the current monthly adjustment, effective February 6, 2017. On January 4, 2016, FedEx
Ground implemented a 4.9% increase in average list price. In addition, on November 2, 2015, FedEx Ground increased surcharges for shipments that exceed the published maximum weight or dimensional limits and updated certain tables used to
determine fuel surcharges.        FedEx Ground Segment Operating Income        During the second quarter of 2017, FedEx Ground segment operating income decreased 12% due to increased rent, depreciation and staffing as a result of network expansion, as well as increased purchased
transportation rates. FedEx Ground segment operating income increased 1% in the first half of 2017 due to volume and yield growth, which was partially offset by higher network expansion costs and purchased transportation rates.   
  Purchased transportation expense increased 9% in the second quarter and 10% in the first half of 2017 due to higher volumes and increased service
provider and U.S. Postal Service rates. Salaries and employee benefits expense increased 18% during the second quarter and the first half of 2017 due to volume growth and additional staffing to support network expansion. Other expense increased 14%
in the second quarter of 2017 due to higher self-insurance accruals and increased property taxes as a result of network expansion and 10% in the first half of 2017 due to increased property taxes and operating supplies as a result of network
expansion. Rent expense and depreciation and amortization expense increased in the second quarter and first half of 2017 due to network expansion.        Independent Contractor Model        FedEx Ground is involved in lawsuits and other
proceedings (such as state tax or other administrative challenges) where the classification of its independent contractors is at issue. During the third quarter of 2016, we reached agreements in principle to settle all of the 19 cases on appeal in
the multidistrict litigation. These cases involve a contractor model which FedEx Ground has not operated since 2011. In addition, we are defending contractor-model cases that are not or are no longer part of the multidistrict litigation. These cases
are in varying stages of litigation. We will continue to vigorously defend ourselves in these proceedings and continue to believe that FedEx Ground s owner-operators are properly classified as independent contractors and that FedEx Ground is
not an employer of the drivers of the company s independent contractors. For a description of these proceedings, see Note 8 of the accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements.   
  For additional information on the FedEx Ground Independent Service Provider model, see Part 1, Item 1 of our Annual Report under the caption
 Independent Contractor Model  and  Other Outlook Matters  under Consolidated Results of this MD A.   
         - 48 -

Table of Contents  

     FEDEX FREIGHT SEGMENT        FedEx Freight service offerings include priority services when speed is critical and economy services when time can be traded for savings. The following tables compare revenues, operating expenses,
operating expenses as a percent of revenue, operating income (dollars in millions), operating margin and selected statistics for the periods ended November 30:       
 
         - 49 -

Table of Contents  

FedEx Freight Segment Revenues        FedEx Freight segment revenues increased 3% in the second quarter and the first half of 2017 due to higher average daily LTL shipments. Average daily LTL shipments increased 4% in the second quarter and
6% in the first half of 2017 due to higher demand for our LTL service offerings. LTL revenue per shipment remained flat in the second quarter and decreased 2% in the first half of 2017 primarily due to lower weight per shipment and lower fuel
surcharges.      The indexed LTL fuel surcharge is based on the average of the national U.S.  on-highway 
average prices for a gallon of diesel fuel, as published by the Department of Energy. The indexed LTL fuel surcharge ranged as follows for the periods ended November 30:   
   
    On September 19, 2016, FedEx Freight announced a 4.9% average increase in certain U.S. and other shipping rates
effective January 2, 2017. On January 4, 2016, FedEx Freight implemented  zone-based  pricing in certain U.S. and other LTL shipping rates. Also, on January 4, 2016, FedEx Freight implemented a
4.9% average increase in certain U.S. and other shipping rates.        FedEx Freight Segment Operating Income     
  FedEx Freight segment operating income decreased 13% in the second quarter and 4% in the first half of 2017 due to lower average weight per shipment,
increased salaries and employee benefits and higher allocated information technology costs.      Salaries and employee benefits increased 4% in
the second quarter and 6% in the first half of 2016 driven by higher staffing levels to support volume growth and merit increases. Intercompany charges increased 11% in the second quarter and the first half of 2017 due to higher allocated
information technology costs. Purchased transportation expense increased 2% in the second quarter and the first half of 2017 due to higher volumes. Other expenses increased 10% in the second quarter and 5% in the first half of 2017 due to an
adjustment in prior year real estate taxes. Rentals decreased 14% in the first half of 2017 driven primarily by a charge related to a facility closure in the prior year and a credit related to the favorable sublease of the facility in the current
year.   
         - 50 -

Table of Contents  

    FINANCIAL CONDITION         LIQUIDITY        Cash and cash equivalents totaled $3.1 billion at November 30,
2016, compared to $3.5 billion at May 31, 2016. The following table provides a summary of our cash flows for the  six-month  periods ended November 30 (in millions):   
   
    Cash flows from operating activities increased $181 million in the first half of 2017 primarily due to lower income
tax payments offset by higher pension contributions, higher variable compensation payouts and higher interest payments. Capital expenditures during the first half of 2017 were higher primarily due to the inclusion of TNT Express and increased
spending at FedEx Ground driven by sort facility expansion. See  Capital Resources  for a discussion of capital expenditures during 2016 and 2015.      On January 26, 2016, our Board of Directors approved a share repurchase program of up to 25 million shares. During the second quarter of 2017, we repurchased 0.7 million shares of FedEx
common stock at an average price of $172.25 per share for a total of $112 million. During the first half of 2017, we repurchased 2.0 million shares of FedEx common stock at an average price of $164.04 per share for a total of
$334 million. As of November 30, 2016, 16.9 million shares remained under the share repurchase authorization. Shares under the current repurchase program may be repurchased from time to time in the open market or in privately
negotiated transactions. The timing and volume of repurchases are at the discretion of management, based on the capital needs of the business, the market price of FedEx common stock and general market conditions. No time limit was set for the
completion of the program, and the program may be suspended or discontinued at any time.   
         - 51 -

Table of Contents  

     CAPITAL RESOURCES        Our operations are capital intensive, characterized by significant investments in aircraft, vehicles, technology, facilities, and package-handling and sort equipment. The amount and timing of capital
additions depend on various factors, including  pre-existing  contractual commitments, anticipated volume growth, domestic and international economic conditions, new or enhanced services, geographical expansion
of services, availability of satisfactory financing and actions of regulatory authorities.      The following table compares capital expenditures
by asset category and reportable segment for the periods ended November 30 (in millions):       
    Capital expenditures during the first half of 2017 were higher than the prior-year period primarily due to the inclusion
of TNT Express and increased spending at FedEx Ground driven by sort facility expansion. Aircraft and related equipment purchases at FedEx Express during the first half of 2017 included the delivery of ten Boeing
 767-300  Freighter aircraft, as well as the modification of certain aircraft before being placed into service.        LIQUIDITY OUTLOOK        We believe that our cash and cash equivalents, cash flow from
operations and available financing sources are adequate to meet our liquidity needs, including working capital, capital expenditure requirements and debt payment obligations. Our cash and cash equivalents balance at November 30, 2016 includes
$775 million of cash in offshore jurisdictions associated with our permanent reinvestment strategy. We do not believe that the indefinite reinvestment of these funds offshore impairs our ability to meet our domestic debt or working capital
obligations. Although we expect higher capital expenditures in 2017, we anticipate that our cash flow from operations will be sufficient to fund these expenditures. Historically, we have been successful in obtaining unsecured financing, from both
domestic and international sources, although the marketplace for such investment capital can become restricted depending on a variety of economic factors.      Our capital expenditures are expected to be approximately $5.6 billion in 2017 and include spending for sort facility expansion, primarily at FedEx Ground, aircraft and aircraft-related equipment at
FedEx Express, and vehicle replacement at all our transportation segments. This capital expenditure forecast includes TNT Express. We invested $1.0 billion in aircraft and aircraft-related equipment in the first half of 2017 and expect to
invest an additional $600 million for aircraft and aircraft-related equipment during the remainder of 2017.      We have a shelf registration
statement filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ) that allows us to sell, in one or more future offerings, any combination of our unsecured debt securities and common stock.   
         - 52 -

Table of Contents  

   We have a five-year $1.75 billion revolving credit facility that expires in November 2020. See Note 3
of the accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements for a description of the term and significant covenants of our revolving credit facility.      In 2017, we anticipate making contributions totaling $2.0 billion ($443 million of which are required) to our  tax-qualified  U.S. domestic pension plans
( U.S. Pension Plans ). In December 2016, we made $250 million in contributions to our U.S. Pension Plans, of which $178 million was required. We plan to make $1 billion in voluntary contributions to these plans in January of
2017, which we expect to fund with proceeds from a debt offering. These additional contributions are being made to improve the funded status of our U.S. Pension Plans. Our U.S. Pension Plans have ample funds to meet expected benefit payments. For
the remainder of 2017, we have $15 million in required contributions to our U.S. Pension Plans.      Standard   Poor s has
assigned us a senior unsecured debt credit rating of BBB and commercial paper rating of  A-2  and a ratings outlook of  stable.  Moody s Investors Service has assigned our unsecured debt credit
rating at Baa2 and commercial paper rating of  P-2  and a ratings outlook of  stable.  If our credit ratings drop, our interest expense may increase. If our commercial paper ratings drop below current
levels, we may have difficulty utilizing the commercial paper market. If our senior unsecured debt credit ratings drop below investment grade, our access to financing may become limited.        CONTRACTUAL CASH OBLIGATIONS AND  OFF-BALANCE  SHEET ARRANGEMENTS        The following table sets forth a summary of our contractual cash obligations as of November 30, 2016. Certain of these contractual obligations are reflected in our balance sheet, while others are
disclosed as future obligations under accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. Except for the current portion of interest on long-term debt, this table does not include amounts already recorded in our balance sheet as current
liabilities at November 30, 2016. We have certain contingent liabilities that are not accrued in our balance sheet in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. These contingent liabilities are not included
in the table below. We have other long-term liabilities reflected in our balance sheet, including deferred income taxes, qualified and nonqualified pension and postretirement healthcare plan liabilities and other self-insurance accruals. The payment
obligations associated with these liabilities are not reflected in the table below due to the absence of scheduled maturities. Accordingly, this table is not meant to represent a forecast of our total cash expenditures for any of the periods
presented.       

- 53 -

Table of Contents  

   Open purchase orders that are cancelable are not considered unconditional purchase obligations for financial
reporting purposes and are not included in the table above. Such purchase orders often represent authorizations to purchase rather than binding agreements. See Note 7 of the accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements for more
information.       Operating Activities       The amounts reflected in the table above for operating leases represent future minimum lease payments under noncancelable operating leases (principally aircraft and facilities) with an initial or
remaining term in excess of one year at November 30, 2016.      Included in the table above within the caption entitled   Non-capital  purchase obligations and other  is our estimate of the current portion of the liability ($1 million) for uncertain tax positions and amounts for purchase obligations that represent
noncancelable agreements to purchase goods or services that are not capital related. Such contracts include those for printing and advertising and promotions contracts. We cannot reasonably estimate the timing of the long-term payments or the
amount by which the liability for uncertain tax positions will increase or decrease over time; therefore, the long-term portion of the liability for uncertain tax positions ($45 million) is excluded from the table.   
  The amounts reflected in the table above for interest on long-term debt represent future interest payments due on our long-term debt.   
  We had $430 million in deposits and progress payments as of November 30, 2016 on aircraft purchases and other planned aircraft-related
transactions.       Investing Activities       The amounts reflected in the table above for capital purchase obligations represent noncancelable agreements to purchase capital-related equipment. Such contracts include those for certain purchases of
aircraft, aircraft modifications, vehicles, facilities, computers and other equipment.       Financing Activities    
  The amounts reflected in the table above for long-term debt represent future scheduled payments on our long-term debt. For the remainder of 2017, we have
no scheduled principal debt payments.      Additional information on amounts included within the operating, investing and financing activities
captions in the table above can be found in our Annual Report.       CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES    
  The preparation of financial statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States requires management to make
significant judgments and estimates to develop amounts reflected and disclosed in the financial statements. In many cases, there are alternative policies or estimation techniques that could be used. We maintain a thorough process to review the
application of our accounting policies and to evaluate the appropriateness of the many estimates that are required to prepare the financial statements of a complex, global corporation. However, even under optimal circumstances, estimates routinely
require adjustment based on changing circumstances and new or better information.       GOODWILL.  Goodwill is tested for impairment between
annual tests whenever events or circumstances make it more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit has fallen below its carrying value. We do not believe there has been any change of events or circumstances that would indicate that a
reevaluation of the goodwill of our reporting units is required as of November 30, 2016, nor do we believe the goodwill of our reporting units is at risk of failing impairment testing. For additional details on goodwill impairment testing,
refer to Note 1 of our Annual Report.   
         - 54 -

Table of Contents  

   Information regarding our critical accounting estimates can be found in our Annual Report, including Note 1
to the financial statements therein. Management has discussed the development and selection of these critical accounting estimates with the Audit Committee of our Board of Directors and with our independent registered public accounting firm.
      FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS    
  Certain statements in this report, including (but not limited to) those contained in  General,   Income Taxes,   Outlook, 
 TNT Express Segment Results,   Liquidity,   Capital Resources,   Liquidity Outlook,   Contractual Cash Obligations and Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements  and  Critical Accounting Estimates, 
and the  General,   Financing Arrangements,   Retirement Plans,   Commitments  and  Contingencies  notes to the consolidated financial statements, are  forward-looking  statements within
the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 with respect to our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, plans, objectives, future performance and business. Forward-looking statements include those preceded by,
followed by or that include the words  may,   could,   would,   should,   will,   believes,   expects,   anticipates,   plans,   estimates, 
 targets,   projects,   intends  or similar expressions. These forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties. Actual results may differ materially from those contemplated (expressed or implied) by such
forward-looking statements because of, among other things, potential risks and uncertainties, such as:       

economic conditions in the global markets in which we operate;      

significant changes in the volumes of shipments transported through our networks, customer demand for our various services or the prices we obtain for
our services;          

damage to our reputation or loss of brand equity;          

our ability to successfully integrate the businesses and operations of FedEx Express and TNT Express in the expected time frame;

our ability to manage our network capacity and cost structure for capital expenditures and operating expenses, and match it to shifting and future
customer volume levels;          

a significant data breach or other disruption to our technology infrastructure, which can adversely affect our reputation, business or results of
operations;          

the price and availability of jet and vehicle fuel;          

the impact of intense competition on our ability to maintain or increase our prices (including our fuel surcharges in response to fluctuating fuel
prices) or to maintain or grow our market share;          

our ability to effectively operate, integrate, leverage and grow acquired businesses, and to continue to support the value we allocate to these
acquired businesses, including their goodwill;          

our ability to maintain good relationships with our employees and prevent attempts by labor organizations to organize groups of our employees, which
could significantly increase our operating costs and reduce our operational flexibility;          

the impact of costs related to (i) challenges to the status of FedEx Ground s owner-operators as independent contractors and direct employers
of drivers providing services on their behalf, and (ii) any related changes to our relationship with these owner-operators and their drivers;      
         - 55 -

Table of Contents  

the impact of the United Kingdom s vote to leave the European Union;      

any impact on our business from disruptions or modifications in service by, or changes in the business of, the U.S. Postal Service, which is a
significant customer and vendor of FedEx;          

the impact of any international conflicts or terrorist activities on the United States and global economies in general, the transportation industry or
us in particular, and what effects these events will have on our costs or the demand for our services;          

any impacts on our businesses resulting from new domestic or international government laws and regulation, including regulatory actions affecting
global aviation or other transportation rights, increased air cargo and other security or safety requirements, and tax, accounting, trade (such as protectionist measures enacted in response to weak economic conditions), labor (such as card-check
legislation, joint employment standards or changes to the Railway Labor Act of 1926, as amended affecting FedEx Express employees), environmental (such as global climate change legislation) or postal rules;      

adverse weather conditions or localized natural disasters in key geographic areas, such as earthquakes, volcanoes, and hurricanes, which can disrupt
our electrical service, damage our property, disrupt our operations, increase our fuel costs and adversely affect our shipment levels;          

increasing costs, the volatility of costs and funding requirements and other legal mandates for employee benefits, especially pension and healthcare
benefits;          

the increasing costs of compliance with federal, state and foreign governmental agency mandates (including the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and the
U.K. Bribery Act) and defending against inappropriate or unjustified enforcement or other actions by such agencies;          

changes in foreign currency exchange rates, especially in the euro, Chinese yuan, British pound, Brazilian real, Canadian dollar and Mexican peso,
which can affect our sales levels and foreign currency sales prices;          

market acceptance of our new service and growth initiatives;      

any liability resulting from and the costs of defending against class-action litigation, such as   wage-and-hour,   joint employment, and discrimination and retaliation claims, and any other legal or governmental proceedings;      

our ability to achieve the benefits of any ongoing or future profit improvement initiatives;      

the outcome of future negotiations to reach new collective bargaining agreements   including with the union that represents the pilots of FedEx
Express (the current pilot agreement is scheduled to become amendable in November 2021) and with the unions elected in 2015 to represent drivers at four FedEx Freight facilities;      

the impact of technology developments on our operations and on demand for our services, and our ability to continue to identify and eliminate
unnecessary information technology redundancy and complexity throughout the organization;          

governmental underinvestment in transportation infrastructure, which could increase our costs and adversely impact our service levels due to traffic
congestion or  sub-optimal  routing of our vehicles and aircraft;          

widespread outbreak of an illness or any other communicable disease, or any other public health crisis;      

availability of financing on terms acceptable to us and our ability to maintain our current credit ratings, especially given the capital intensity of
our operations; and      
         - 56 -

Table of Contents  

other risks and uncertainties you can find in our press releases and SEC filings, including the risk factors identified under the heading  Risk
Factors  in  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Results of Operations and Financial Condition  in our Annual Report, as updated by our quarterly reports on Form  10-Q. 
        As a result of these and other factors, no assurance can be given as to our future results and achievements. Accordingly, a
forward-looking statement is neither a prediction nor a guarantee of future events or circumstances and those future events or circumstances may not occur. You should not place undue reliance on the forward-looking statements, which speak only as of
the date of this report. We are under no obligation, and we expressly disclaim any obligation, to update or alter any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.   
         - 57 -

Table of Contents  

       Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk
       As of November 30, 2016, there had been no material changes in our market risk sensitive instruments and positions since our
disclosures in our Annual Report.      The principal foreign currency exchange rate risks to which we are exposed are in the euro, Chinese yuan,
British pound, Brazilian real, Canadian dollar and Mexican peso. Historically, our exposure to foreign currency fluctuations is more significant with respect to our revenues than our expenses, as a significant portion of our expenses are denominated
in U.S. dollars, such as aircraft and fuel expenses. During the first half of 2017, the U.S. dollar strengthened relative to the currencies of the foreign countries in which we operate, as compared to May 31, 2016, and this strengthening had a
slightly negative impact on our results.     While we have market risk for changes in the price of jet and vehicle fuel, this risk is largely
mitigated by our indexed fuel surcharges. For additional discussion of our indexed fuel surcharges see the  Fuel  section of  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Results of Operations and Financial Condition. 
         Item 4. Controls and Procedures                
  The management of FedEx, with the participation of our principal executive and financial officers, has evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure
controls and procedures in ensuring that the information required to be disclosed in our filings under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the
SEC s rules and forms, including ensuring that such information is accumulated and communicated to FedEx management as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Based on such evaluation, our principal executive and
financial officers have concluded that such disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of November 30, 2016 (the end of the period covered by this Quarterly Report on  Form 10-Q). 
     On May 25, 2016, we acquired TNT Express. We have begun the TNT Express integration process including the integration of policies,
processes, people, technology and operations, and we will continue to evaluate the impact of any related changes to internal control over financial reporting. During our fiscal quarter ended November 30, 2016, no change occurred in our internal
control over financial reporting that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.   
         - 58 -

Table of Contents  

     PART II. OTHER INFORMATION   
      Item 1. Legal Proceedings        For a description of all material pending legal proceedings, see Note 8 of the accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements.          Item 1A. Risk Factors        There have been no material
changes from the risk factors disclosed in our Annual Report (under the heading  Risk Factors  in  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Results of Operations and Financial Condition ) in response to Part I, Item 1A of  Form 10-K.           Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of
Proceeds        The following table provides information on FedEx s repurchases of our common stock during the second quarter of 2017:
      ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES        

    The repurchases were made under the stock repurchase program approved by our Board of Directors and announced on
January 26, 2016 and through which we are authorized to purchase, in the open market or in privately negotiated transactions, up to an aggregate of 25 million shares of our common stock. As of December 20, 2016, 16.9 million
shares remained authorized for purchase under the January 2016 stock repurchase program, which is the only such program that currently exists. The program does not have an expiration date.  
      Item 6. Exhibits         

Exhibit           Number        
      
     Description of Exhibit     

10.1  
      
  Amendment dated September 8, 2016 (but effective as of August 23, 2016) amending the Transportation Agreement dated April 23, 2013 between the United States Postal
Service and Federal Express Corporation (the  USPS Transportation Agreement ). Confidential treatment has been requested for confidential commercial and financial information, pursuant to Rule  24b-2 
under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act ).   

10.2  
      
  Amendment dated September 8, 2016 (but effective as of August 19, 2016) amending the USPS Transportation Agreement. Confidential treatment has been requested for
confidential commercial and financial information, pursuant to Rule  24b-2  under the Exchange Act.    
         - 59 -

Table of Contents  

10.3  
      
  Amendment dated September 8, 2016 (but effective as of August 29, 2016) amending the USPS Transportation Agreement. Confidential treatment has been requested for
confidential commercial and financial information, pursuant to Rule  24b-2  under the Exchange Act.   

10.4  
      
  Amendment dated September 15, 2016 (but effective as of August 18, 2016) amending the USPS Transportation Agreement. Confidential treatment has been requested for
confidential commercial and financial information, pursuant to Rule  24b-2  under the Exchange Act.   

10.5  
      
  Amendment dated September 15, 2016 (but effective as of September 6, 2016) amending the USPS Transportation Agreement. Confidential treatment has been requested for
confidential commercial and financial information, pursuant to Rule  24b-2  under the Exchange Act.   

10.6  
      
  Amendment dated October 6, 2016 (but effective as of October 3, 2016) amending the USPS Transportation Agreement. Confidential treatment has been requested for
confidential commercial and financial information, pursuant to Rule  24b-2  under the Exchange Act.   

10.7  
      
  Amendment dated October 24, 2016 (but effective as of September 21, 2016) amending the USPS Transportation Agreement. Confidential treatment has been requested for
confidential commercial and financial information, pursuant to Rule  24b-2  under the Exchange Act.   

10.8  
      
  Amendment dated October 24, 2016 (but effective as of October 17, 2016) amending the USPS Transportation Agreement. Confidential treatment has been requested for
confidential commercial and financial information, pursuant to Rule  24b-2  under the Exchange Act.   

10.9  
      
  Amendment dated October 24, 2016 (but effective as of October 4, 2016) amending the USPS Transportation Agreement. Confidential treatment has been requested for
confidential commercial and financial information, pursuant to Rule  24b-2  under the Exchange Act.   

10.10  
      
  Amendment dated November 8, 2016 (but effective as of October 31, 2016) amending the USPS Transportation Agreement. Confidential treatment has been requested for
confidential commercial and financial information, pursuant to Rule  24b-2  under the Exchange Act.   

12.1  
      
  Computation of Ratio of Earnings to Fixed Charges.   

15.1  
      
  Letter re: Unaudited Interim Financial Statements   

31.1  
      
  Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Rules  13a-14(a)  and  15d-14(a)  under the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.   

31.2  
      
  Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Rules  13a-14(a)  and  15d-14(a)  under the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.   

32.1  
      
  Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.   

32.2  
      
  Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.   

101.1  
      
  Interactive Data Files.   
 
         - 60 -

Table of Contents  

      SIGNATURE    
  Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by
the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.       

FEDEX CORPORATION   

Date: December 21, 2016  

/s/ JOHN L. MERINO    

JOHN L. MERINO   

CORPORATE VICE PRESIDENT AND   

PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING OFFICER   
 
         - 61 -

Table of Contents  

      EXHIBIT INDEX    

Exhibit     Number        
      
     Description of Exhibit     

10.1  
      
  Amendment dated September 8, 2016 (but effective as of August 23, 2016) amending the Transportation Agreement dated April 23, 2013 between the United States Postal
Service and Federal Express Corporation (the  USPS Transportation Agreement ). Confidential treatment has been requested for confidential commercial and financial information, pursuant to Rule  24b-2 
under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act ).   

10.2  
      
  Amendment dated September 8, 2016 (but effective as of August 19, 2016) amending the USPS Transportation Agreement. Confidential treatment has been requested for
confidential commercial and financial information, pursuant to Rule  24b-2  under the Exchange Act.   

10.3  
      
  Amendment dated September 8, 2016 (but effective as of August 29, 2016) amending the USPS Transportation Agreement. Confidential treatment has been requested for
confidential commercial and financial information, pursuant to Rule  24b-2  under the Exchange Act.   

10.4  
      
  Amendment dated September 15, 2016 (but effective as of August 18, 2016) amending the USPS Transportation Agreement. Confidential treatment has been requested for
confidential commercial and financial information, pursuant to Rule  24b-2  under the Exchange Act.   

10.5  
      
  Amendment dated September 15, 2016 (but effective as of September 6, 2016) amending the USPS Transportation Agreement. Confidential treatment has been requested for
confidential commercial and financial information, pursuant to Rule  24b-2  under the Exchange Act.   

10.6  
      
  Amendment dated October 6, 2016 (but effective as of October 3, 2016) amending the USPS Transportation Agreement. Confidential treatment has been requested for
confidential commercial and financial information, pursuant to Rule  24b-2  under the Exchange Act.   

10.7  
      
  Amendment dated October 24, 2016 (but effective as of September 21, 2016) amending the USPS Transportation Agreement. Confidential treatment has been requested for
confidential commercial and financial information, pursuant to Rule  24b-2  under the Exchange Act.   

10.8  
      
  Amendment dated October 24, 2016 (but effective as of October 17, 2016) amending the USPS Transportation Agreement. Confidential treatment has been requested for
confidential commercial and financial information, pursuant to Rule  24b-2  under the Exchange Act.   

10.9  
      
  Amendment dated October 24, 2016 (but effective as of October 4, 2016) amending the USPS Transportation Agreement. Confidential treatment has been requested for
confidential commercial and financial information, pursuant to Rule  24b-2  under the Exchange Act.   

10.10  
      
  Amendment dated November 8, 2016 (but effective as of October 31, 2016) amending the USPS Transportation Agreement. Confidential treatment has been requested for
confidential commercial and financial information, pursuant to Rule  24b-2  under the Exchange Act.   

12.1  
      
  Computation of Ratio of Earnings to Fixed Charges.   

15.1  
      
  Letter re: Unaudited Interim Financial Statements.   

31.1  
      
  Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Rules  13a-14(a)  and  15d-14(a)  under the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.   
 
         E-1

Table of Contents  

E-2

<EX-10.1>
 2
 d262623dex101.htm
 EX-10.1

EX-10.1 

Exhibit 10.1   

AMENDMENT OF SOLICITATION/MODIFICATION OF CONTRACT   
   
 1. CONTRACT ID CODE   
   
 PAGE   
   
 OF  

1      

4       

is extended,             is not 
extended.   

Offers must acknowledge receipt of this amendment prior to
the hour and date specified in the solicitation or as amended, by one of the following methods: (a) By completing items 8 and 15, and returning                 
copies of the amendment; (b) By acknowledging receipt of this amendment on each copy of the offer submitted; or (c) By separate letter or telegram which includes a reference to the solicitation and amendment number. FAILURE OF YOUR
ACKNOWLEDGEMENT TO BE RECEIVED AT THE PLACE DESIGNATED FOR THE RECEIPT OF OFFERS PRIOR TO THE HOUR AND DATE SPECIFIED MAY RESULT IN REJECTION OF YOUR OFFER. If by virtue of this amendment you desire to change an offer already submitted, such change
may be made by telegram or letter, provided each telegram or letter makes reference to the solicitation and this amendment, and is received prior to the opening hour and date specified. 

12.
ACCOUNTING AND APPROPRIATION DATA ( If required. )   See Schedule  
   
   $0.00  

13. THIS ITEM APPLIES ONLY TO MODIFICATIONS OF CONTRACTS/ORDERS. IT MODIFIES THE CONTRACT/ORDER NO. AS DESCRIBED IN ITEM 14.  

(x)    
   
 A. THIS CHANGE BY CLAUSE IS ISSUED PURSUANT TO: (Specify clause) THE CHANGES SET FORTH IN ITEM 14 ARE MADE IN THE CONTRACT ORDER NO. IN ITEM 10A. 

B. THE ABOVE NUMBERED CONTRACT/ORDER IS MODIFIED TO REFLECT
THE ADMINISTRATIVE CHANGES ( such as changes in paying office, appropriation date, etc. ) SET FORTH IN ITEM 14.      

C. THIS SUPPLEMENTAL AGREEMENT IS ENTERED INTO PURSUANT TO THE AUTHORITY OF: THE CHANGES
SET FORTH IN ITEM 14 ARE MADE IN THE CONTRACT ORDER NO. IN ITEM 10A.      

D. OTHER (such as no cost change/cancellation, termination, etc.) (Specify type of
modification and authority): THE CHANGES SET FORTH IN ITEM 14 ARE MADE IN THE CONTRACT ORDER NO. IN ITEM 10A.   By Mutual Agreement of the Contracting
Parties      

E. IMPORTANT : Contractor             is
not,             is required to sign this document and return       1       copies to the issuing
office.      

14. DESCRIPTION OF AMENDMENT/MODIFICATION (Organized by UCF section headings,
including solicitation/contract subject matter where feasible.)   This modification supersedes any prior understanding of the parties with respect to the
matters addressed.       The purpose of this modification is to incorporate the
following:       A. Hex84 
     1. The following definitions are added to Clause B-1: Definitions as follows: 
      Hex84  Item: Identified as having an URSA value for the shipment that does not
match the sort hub (excluding MEM) where the shipment was sent.       Continued...  

Except as provided herein, all terms and conditions of the document referenced in Item
9A or 10A, as heretofore changed, remains unchanged and in full force and effect.      

15A. NAME AND TITLE OF
SIGNER ( Type or print )           Paul J. Herron, Vice
President  

16A. NAME
AND TITLE OF CONTRACTING OFFICER ( Type or print )           Brian
Mckain   
 
   15B. CONTRACTOR/OFFEROR 
     /s/ PAUL J. HERRON 
    (Signature of person authorized to sign)   

15C. DATE SIGNED   
     9/8/16  
   
   16B. CONTRACT AUTHORITY     
 /s/ BRIAN MCKAIN 
  (Signature of Contracting Officer)   

16C. DATE SIGNED 
     9/8/16   

ITEM NO     
   
 SCHEDULE OF SUPPLIES / SERVICES 
   
 QUANTITY  
   
    UNIT   
   
     UNIT PRICE     
   
   AMOUNT   

Hex84 Scan: Type of scan designated for a handling unit or piece that is sent to the incorrect Hub and identified by the aviation supplier as a  Hex84  item. 

2. Beginning at line 1309, within the  Payment Processing   Day Network   Per Cube 
section of the contract, the following is inserted:       A handling unit or piece that is
sent to the incorrect Hub will be identified by the aviation supplier as a  Hex84  item.  Hex84  items are identified as having an URSA value for the shipment that does not match the sort hub (excluding MEM) where the shipment
was sent. The aviation supplier will move the handling unit or piece through the correct hub on the next operating day. The original RDT will be adjusted to the next operational day s RDT for the shipment destination and the shipment will also
be eligible for additional RDT adjustments and waivers from service for the next operational day. [*]  

Payment for Hex84 will be managed through the reconciliation process. In the event a Delivery Scan is not received on the original shipment the Hex84 charges still apply for the additional
Movement and sort rate. 

B. ULD Damage 

1. Upon determination and agreement of the type of damage to ULD containers, payment will be issued per the ULD Damage Rates Matrix. The ULD Damage Rates Matrix will be incorporated as
Attachment 20 to the contract. 

Payment for any damages will be documented and managed through the reconciliation process. 

C. Attachment 14 Updates 

Continued  

* 
 Blank spaces contained confidential information which has been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to Rule  24b-2  under the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, as amended.    

ITEM NO     
   
 SCHEDULE OF SUPPLIES / SERVICES 
   
 QUANTITY  
   
    UNIT   
   
     UNIT PRICE     
   
   AMOUNT   

1. The first paragraph is changed 

FROM: 

Contract Density  will be calculated based on the sum of all assigned rounded weights for handling types  D  (loose Mixed Handling Units), and  M  (Day Hub
assignments) minus handling type  M s that were matched to loose Handling Units in the contingency process (MCX). The total of these pounds will be divided by the total Cubic Feet of all D Rs rated as handling types  C 
(Mixed ULDs) and  H  (Partial Containers). The density calculation will be rounded to the nearest hundredth. 

TO: 

Contract Density  will be calculated based on the sum of all assigned rounded weights for handling types  D  (loose Mixed Handling Units),  F  (loose Ad Hoc Truck
Handling Unit) minus any type  D  and  F  shipments that should have been classified as type  E  (loose USPS trucking origin units), and  M  (Day Hub assignments) minus handling type  M s that were
matched to loose Handling Units in the contingency process (MCX). The total of these pounds will be divided by the total Cubic Feet of all D Rs rated as handling types  C  (Mixed ULDs) and  H  (Partial Containers). The Cubic
Feet used for Adhoc trucking volume for density calculations will be 3790. The density calculation will be rounded to the nearest hundredth. 

2. The last paragraph is changed 

FROM: 

The agreed to  Contract Density  to be used for the contract measurement and during the Reconciliation Process is as follows (Operating Periods through 24 are shown below, the process
described above will be followed for all future Operating Periods): 

TO: 

The agreed to  Contract Density  to be used for the contract measurement and during the Reconciliation Process is as follows (Operating 

Continued  

ITEM NO     
   
 SCHEDULE OF SUPPLIES / SERVICES 
   
 QUANTITY  
   
    UNIT   
   
     UNIT PRICE     
   
   AMOUNT   

Periods through 84 are shown below, the process described above will be followed for all future
Operating Periods):       3. The Operating Period  Contract Density  table is
updated to include all operating periods through 2020 as attached.       D. Attachment 15
Updates       1. The fifth paragraph is changed 
 FROM:   The Day Turn will include handling types A, D, and E total
weights divided by the count of D Rs that the origin is not FXI, FXO or HUP.     
 TO:   The Day Turn will include handling types A, D, E, and F total
weights divided by the count of D Rs that the origin is not FXI, FXO or HUP.       - - -
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - -   Sub Rept Req d: Y Carrier Code: FX Route Termini 
 S: Various Route Termini End: Various Payment   Terms: SEE
CONTRACT   Period of Performance: 09/30/2013 to 09/30/2020  

Attachment 14   
  Contract Density for the Day Network   
  August 24, 2016      Contract
Density  will be measured by the invoicing system of record. It will measure the density (pounds per cubic foot) to be used as referenced in the following sections of the contract:  

Part 1: Statement of Work   ; Reduction in Payment         

Part 1: Statement of Work;    Payment Processing - Day Network - Per Cube, Mail Tendered in     ULDs         

Part 1: Statement of Work   ; Payment Processing - Day Network - Per Cube, Mail Tendered from Surface Trucks         

Part 1: Statement of Work   ; Payment Processing - Day Network - Per Cube, Mail Tendered from Ad Hoc Trucks into the Aviation Supplier Hub     
  Contract Density  will be calculated based on the sum of all assigned rounded weights for handling types  D  (loose Mixed Handling
Units),  F  (loose Ad Hoc Truck Handling Unit) minus any type  D  and  F  shipments that should have been classified as type  E  (loose USPS trucking origin units), and  M  (Day Hub assignments)
minus handling type  M s that were matched to loose Handling Units in the contingency process (MCX). The total of these pounds will be divided by the total Cubic Feet of all D Rs rated as handling types  C  (Mixed ULDs) and
 H  (Partial Containers). The Cubic Feet used for Adhoc trucking volume for density calculations will be 3790. The density calculation will be rounded to the nearest hundredth.  
  Contract Density  will be based on the actual density calculated from two operating periods prior to the operating period being invoiced. With the
following exceptions,  Peak Season  (December Operating Period)  Contract Density  will use the actual density from the prior year s Peak Season. Both, January and February Operating Periods will use the actual November
density from the same contract (fiscal) year.    This  Contract Density  measurement process will begin with Operating Period 11and continue
through the end of the contract unless the parties mutually agree to a change. For Operating Periods 9 and 10,  Contract Density  will be calculated using data from the invoice of record, and the process outlined in the legacy system
associated with contract  FXNET-2006-01  from Operating Periods 7 and 8.  

In addition, for Operating Periods 1 through 8, the Postal Service and FedEx agree to reconcile each Operating
Period using the actual density as measured under the prior contract, FXNET-  2006-01,  and agreed to by both parties as shown in the table below.  
 The agreed to  Contract Density  to be used for the contract measurement and during the Reconciliation Process is as follows (Operating Periods
through 84 are shown below, the process described above will be followed for all future Operating Periods):      

* 
 Blank spaces contained confidential information which has been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to Rule 24b-2 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

* 
 Blank spaces contained confidential information which has been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to Rule 24b-2 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

Air Cargo Network   
  Contract   ACN-13-FX     
  Attachment 15: Average Weights   
  Attachment 15      Average
Weight      July 19, 2016     This
attachment describes the process to establish the Average Weight used for D Rs (Handling Units) where the actual weight is not available or is not correct. Beginning with Operating Period 1, the process established in contract  FXNET-2006-01  (legacy) for Average Weights will be used until the Operating Period during which the Postal Service invoicing system is implemented. Beginning with the Operating Period during which the Postal Service
invoicing system is implemented and for all subsequent Operating periods the following process will be in effect:    These average weights will be used in
reconciliation and SASS will use these averages weights for all HUP, FXI and FXO assignments.    The average weight will be calculated at the end of each
operating period as follows:    Sum the weight of all handling units by invoiced Handling Type.  
 The Day Turn will include handling types A, D, E, and F total weights divided by the count of D Rs that the origin is not FXI, FXO or HUP.  
 The Night Turn will include handling types I and K total weights divided by the count of D Rs that the origin is not FXI, FXO or HUP.  
 The result is then rounded to the nearest pound.    The Average
Weight calculation from two operating periods prior will be used for the operating period being invoiced and reconciled. This process will not be adjusted or changed in reconciliation.  

Air Cargo Network   
  Contract   ACN-13-FX     
  Attachment 20: ULD Damage Matrix   
  Attachment 20      ULD
Damage Matrix      July 19, 2016   
 [*]      

* 
 Blank spaces contained confidential information which has been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to Rule  24b-2  under the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, as amended.    

</EX-10.1>

<EX-10.2>
 3
 d262623dex102.htm
 EX-10.2

EX-10.2 

Exhibit 10.2   

AMENDMENT OF SOLICITATION/MODIFICATION OF CONTRACT   
   
 1. CONTRACT ID CODE   
   
 PAGE   
   
 OF  

1      

2       

is extended,             is not 
extended.   

Offers must acknowledge receipt of this amendment prior to
the hour and date specified in the solicitation or as amended, by one of the following methods: (a) By completing items 8 and 15, and returning                  copies
of the amendment; (b) By acknowledging receipt of this amendment on each copy of the offer submitted; or (c) By separate letter or telegram which includes a reference to the solicitation and amendment number. FAILURE OF YOUR ACKNOWLEDGEMENT TO
BE RECEIVED AT THE PLACE DESIGNATED FOR THE RECEIPT OF OFFERS PRIOR TO THE HOUR AND DATE SPECIFIED MAY RESULT IN REJECTION OF YOUR OFFER. If by virtue of this amendment you desire to change an offer already submitted, such change may be made by
telegram or letter, provided each telegram or letter makes reference to the solicitation and this amendment, and is received prior to the opening hour and date specified. 

12.
ACCOUNTING AND APPROPRIATION DATA ( If required .)   See Schedule  
   
   Net Increase:      [*]  

13. THIS ITEM APPLIES ONLY TO MODIFICATIONS OF CONTRACTS/ORDERS. IT MODIFIES THE CONTRACT/ORDER NO. AS DESCRIBED IN ITEM 14.  

(x)    
   
 A. THIS CHANGE BY CLAUSE IS ISSUED PURSUANT TO: (Specify clause) THE CHANGES SET FORTH IN ITEM 14 ARE MADE IN THE CONTRACT ORDER NO. IN ITEM 10A. 

B. THE ABOVE NUMBERED CONTRACT/ORDER IS MODIFIED TO REFLECT
THE ADMINISTRATIVE CHANGES ( such as changes in paying office, appropriation date, etc. ) SET FORTH IN ITEM 14.      

C. THIS SUPPLEMENTAL AGREEMENT IS ENTERED INTO PURSUANT TO THE AUTHORITY OF: THE CHANGES
SET FORTH IN ITEM 14 ARE MADE IN THE CONTRACT ORDER NO. IN ITEM 10A.      

D. OTHER (such as no cost change/cancellation, termination, etc.) (Specify type of
modification and authority): THE CHANGES SET FORTH IN ITEM 14 ARE MADE IN THE CONTRACT ORDER NO. IN ITEM 10A.   By Mutual Agreement of the Contracting
Parties      

E. IMPORTANT : Contractor             is
not,             is required to sign this document and return        1        copies to the
issuing office.      

14. DESCRIPTION OF AMENDMENT/MODIFICATION (Organized by UCF section headings,
including solicitation/contract subject matter where feasible.)   The purpose of this modification is to incorporate the Ad Hoc Charters per the attached 
 list for the period of October 2013   March 2015.     
 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -   Sub Rept Req d: Y Carrier Code:
FX Route Termini   S: Various Route Termini End: Various Payment 
 Terms: SEE CONTRACT   Delivery: 08/18/2016 
 Discount Terms:   See Schedule 
 Continued...  

Except as provided herein, all terms and conditions of the document referenced in
Item 9A or 10A, as heretofore changed, remains unchanged and in full force and effect.      

15A. NAME
AND TITLE OF SIGNER ( Type or print )           Paul J. Herron, Vice
President  

16A. NAME
AND TITLE OF CONTRACTING OFFICER ( Type or print )           Brian
Mckain   
 
   15B. CONTRACTOR/OFFEROR 
     /s/ PAUL J. HERRON 
  (  Signature of person authorized to sign  )   

15C. DATE SIGNED   
     9/8/16  
   
   16B. CONTRACT AUTHORITY     
 /s/ BRIAN MCKAIN 
  (  Signature of Contracting Officer  )   

16C. DATE SIGNED 
     9/8/16   

* 
 Blank spaces contained confidential information which has been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to Rule 24b-2 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

* 
 Blank spaces contained confidential information which has been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to Rule  24b-2  under the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, as amended.    

* 
 Blank spaces contained confidential information which has been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to Rule  24b-2  under the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, as amended.    

</EX-10.2>

<EX-10.3>
 4
 d262623dex103.htm
 EX-10.3

EX-10.3 

Exhibit 10.3   

AMENDMENT OF SOLICITATION/MODIFICATION OF CONTRACT   
   
 1. CONTRACT ID CODE   
   
 PAGE   
   
 OF  

1      

2       

is extended,             is not 
extended.   

Offers must acknowledge receipt of this amendment prior to
the hour and date specified in the solicitation or as amended, by one of the following methods: (a) By completing items 8 and 15, and returning                  copies
of the amendment; (b) By acknowledging receipt of this amendment on each copy of the offer submitted; or (c) By separate letter or telegram which includes a reference to the solicitation and amendment number. FAILURE OF YOUR ACKNOWLEDGEMENT TO
BE RECEIVED AT THE PLACE DESIGNATED FOR THE RECEIPT OF OFFERS PRIOR TO THE HOUR AND DATE SPECIFIED MAY RESULT IN REJECTION OF YOUR OFFER. If by virtue of this amendment you desire to change an offer already submitted, such change may be made by
telegram or letter, provided each telegram or letter makes reference to the solicitation and this amendment, and is received prior to the opening hour and date specified. 

12.
ACCOUNTING AND APPROPRIATION DATA ( If required .)   See Schedule  
   
   Net Decrease:      [*]  

13. THIS ITEM APPLIES ONLY TO MODIFICATIONS OF CONTRACTS/ORDERS. IT MODIFIES THE CONTRACT/ORDER NO. AS DESCRIBED IN ITEM 14.  

(x)    
   
 A. THIS CHANGE BY CLAUSE IS ISSUED PURSUANT TO: (Specify clause) THE CHANGES SET FORTH IN ITEM 14 ARE MADE IN THE CONTRACT ORDER NO. IN ITEM 10A. 

Monthly Fuel Adjustment 

B. THE ABOVE NUMBERED CONTRACT/ORDER IS MODIFIED TO REFLECT
THE ADMINISTRATIVE CHANGES ( such as changes in paying office, appropriation date, etc. ) SET FORTH IN ITEM 14.      

C. THIS SUPPLEMENTAL AGREEMENT IS ENTERED INTO PURSUANT TO THE AUTHORITY OF: THE CHANGES
SET FORTH IN ITEM 14 ARE MADE IN THE CONTRACT ORDER NO. IN ITEM 10A.      

D. OTHER (such as no cost change/cancellation, termination, etc.) (Specify type of
modification and authority): THE CHANGES SET FORTH IN ITEM 14 ARE MADE IN THE CONTRACT ORDER NO. IN ITEM 10A      

E. IMPORTANT : Contractor             is
not,             is required to sign this document and return        1        copies to the
issuing office.      

14. DESCRIPTION OF AMENDMENT/MODIFICATION (Organized by UCF section headings,
including solicitation/contract subject matter where feasible.)   In accordance with contract
  ACN-13-FX   and the  Fuel Adjustment  section, the following Line Haul Rate (fuel) for the Day Network as set out in Attachment 10 is modified for performance
during the period of August 29, 2016 to October 2, 2016 (Operating Period 36) as follows:     
 TIERS: Base - Tier 5   From: 
 [*] per cubic foot   To: 
 [*] per cubic foot     
 Continued...  

Except as provided herein, all terms and conditions of the document referenced in Item
9A or 10A, as heretofore changed, remains unchanged and in full force and effect.      

15A. NAME AND TITLE OF
SIGNER ( Type or print )           Paul J. Herron, Vice
President  

16A. NAME
AND TITLE OF CONTRACTING OFFICER ( Type or print )           Brian
Mckain   
 
   15B. CONTRACTOR/OFFEROR 
     /s/ PAUL J. HERRON 
  (  Signature of person authorized to sign  )   

15C. DATE SIGNED   
     9/8/16  
   
   16B. CONTRACT AUTHORITY     
 /s/ BRIAN MCKAIN 
  (  Signature of Contracting Officer  )   

16C. DATE SIGNED 
     9/8/16   

* 
 Blank spaces contained confidential information which has been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to Rule  24b-2  under the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, as amended.    

ITEM NO     
   
 SCHEDULE OF SUPPLIES / SERVICES 
   
 QUANTITY  
   
    UNIT   
   
     UNIT PRICE     
   
   AMOUNT   

This is a decrease of [*].     
 TIERS: 6   7:     
 Tier 6:   From: 
 [*] per cubic foot   To: 
 [*] per cubic foot     
 This is a decrease of [*].     
 Tier 7:   From: 
 [*] per cubic foot   To: 
 [*] per cubic foot  

1       

This is a decrease of [*].     
 [*]     
 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -     
 Sub Rept Req d: Y Carrier Code: FX Route Termini   S: Various
Route Termini End: Various Payment   Terms: SEE CONTRACT 
 Delivery: 05/02/2016   Discount Terms: 
     See Schedule 
 Accounting Info:   BFN: 670167 
 FOB: Destination   Period of Performance: 09/30/2013 to
09/30/2020       Change Item 1 to read as follows: 
     Day Network 
 Account Number: 53503     
 This is for estimation purposes only and is not a guarantee of contract value.  

[*] 

* 
 Blank spaces contained confidential information which has been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to Rule  24b-2  under the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, as amended.    

</EX-10.3>

<EX-10.4>
 5
 d262623dex104.htm
 EX-10.4

EX-10.4 

Exhibit 10.4   

AMENDMENT OF SOLICITATION/MODIFICATION OF CONTRACT   
   
 1. CONTRACT ID CODE   
   
 PAGE   
   
 OF  

1      

2       

is extended,             is not 
extended.   

Offers must acknowledge receipt of this amendment prior to
the hour and date specified in the solicitation or as amended, by one of the following methods: (a) By completing items 8 and 15, and returning                  copies
of the amendment; (b) By acknowledging receipt of this amendment on each copy of the offer submitted; or (c) By separate letter or telegram which includes a reference to the solicitation and amendment number. FAILURE OF YOUR ACKNOWLEDGEMENT TO
BE RECEIVED AT THE PLACE DESIGNATED FOR THE RECEIPT OF OFFERS PRIOR TO THE HOUR AND DATE SPECIFIED MAY RESULT IN REJECTION OF YOUR OFFER. If by virtue of this amendment you desire to change an offer already submitted, such change may be made by
telegram or letter, provided each telegram or letter makes reference to the solicitation and this amendment, and is received prior to the opening hour and date specified. 

12.
ACCOUNTING AND APPROPRIATION DATA ( If required .)   See Schedule  
   
   Net Increase:      [*]  

13. THIS ITEM APPLIES ONLY TO MODIFICATIONS OF CONTRACTS/ORDERS. IT MODIFIES THE CONTRACT/ORDER NO. AS DESCRIBED IN ITEM 14.  

(x)    
   
 A. THIS CHANGE BY CLAUSE IS ISSUED PURSUANT TO: (Specify clause) THE CHANGES SET FORTH IN ITEM 14 ARE MADE IN THE CONTRACT ORDER NO. IN ITEM 10A. 

B. THE ABOVE NUMBERED CONTRACT/ORDER IS MODIFIED TO REFLECT
THE ADMINISTRATIVE CHANGES ( such as changes in paying office, appropriation date, etc. ) SET FORTH IN ITEM 14.      

C. THIS SUPPLEMENTAL AGREEMENT IS ENTERED INTO PURSUANT TO THE AUTHORITY OF: THE CHANGES
SET FORTH IN ITEM 14 ARE MADE IN THE CONTRACT ORDER NO. IN ITEM 10A.      

D. OTHER (such as no cost change/cancellation, termination, etc.) (Specify type of
modification and authority): THE CHANGES SET FORTH IN ITEM 14 ARE MADE IN THE CONTRACT ORDER NO. IN ITEM 10A.   By Mutual Agreement of the Contracting
Parties      

E. IMPORTANT : Contractor             is
not,             is required to sign this document and return        1        copies to the
issuing office.  

14. DESCRIPTION OF AMENDMENT/MODIFICATION (Organized by UCF section headings,
including solicitation/contract subject matter where feasible.)   The purpose of this modification is to incorporate Operating Period 30 (March) Scheduled and
Ad Hoc Charters into the   ACN-13-FX   contract, with the following conditions:     
 A) Once the Charters are scheduled they cannot be canceled.     
 B) B) All Service and Scan penalties (reductions in payment) will be eliminated for Operating Period 30 in which these  Charters  operate. 
     C) Volume will be inducted into the network at the Memphis Hub and will incur appropriate
tie pricing and will be processed normally.       Continued...  

Except as provided herein, all terms and conditions of the document referenced in Item
9A or 10A, as heretofore changed, remains unchanged and in full force and effect.      

15A. NAME AND TITLE OF
SIGNER ( Type or print )           Paul J. Herron, Vice
President  

16A. NAME
AND TITLE OF CONTRACTING OFFICER ( Type or print )           Brian
Mckain   
 
   15B. CONTRACTOR/OFFEROR 
     /s/ PAUL J. HERRON 
  (  Signature of person authorized to sign  )   

15C. DATE SIGNED   
   
   9-13-16    
   
   16B. CONTRACT AUTHORITY     
 /s/ BRIAN MCKAIN 
  (  Signature of Contracting Officer  )   

16C. DATE SIGNED 
     9/15/16   

* 
 Blank spaces contained confidential information which has been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to Rule 24b-2 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

ITEM NO        

SCHEDULE OF SUPPLIES / SERVICES 
   
 QUANTITY  
   
 UNIT  
   
     UNIT PRICE     
   
 AMOUNT  

FedEx will notify the Postal Service if the tender requirement is different than what is currently in
the contract. Delivery does not change.       Payments for said charters will be paid as
part of the Operating Period reconciliation.       - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - 
 Sub Rept Req d: Y Carrier Code: FX Route Termini   S: Various
Route Termini End: Various Payment   Terms: SEE CONTRACT   Discount
Terms:       See Schedule 
 Accounting Info:   BFN: 670167 
 FOB: Destination   Period of Performance: 09/30/2013 to
09/30/2020  

Change Item 7 to read as follows:  

7           

Scheduled Charter Option 
 Account Number: 53703     
 Delivery: 06/27/2016     
 This value is for estimation purposes only.     
 Change Item 9 to read as follows:  

[*]  

9      

Ad Hoc Charter Option 
 Account Number: 53703     
 Delivery: 08/18/2016     
 This value is for estimation purposes only.     

[*]   

* 
 Blank spaces contained confidential information which has been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to Rule 24b-2 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

March 2016 Charters  
 Scheduled Charters      

Origin 
   
 Aircraft Type 
   
   Monthly Number 
 of Charters  
   
   Aircraft 
 Capacity   (Cubic Feet)  
   
   Total Monthly 
 Cubic Feet  
   
 Price 
   
   Total Monthly 
 Price   

EWR  
   
 MD-10 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*]  
 
   PHL  
   
 757 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*]  

[*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*]  
   Ad Hoc Charters      

* 
 Blank spaces contained confidential information which has been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to Rule  24b-2  under the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, as amended.    

</EX-10.4>

<EX-10.5>
 6
 d262623dex105.htm
 EX-10.5

EX-10.5 

Exhibit 10.5   

AMENDMENT OF SOLICITATION/MODIFICATION OF CONTRACT   
   
 1. CONTRACT ID CODE   
   
 PAGE   
   
 OF  

1      

2       

is extended,             is not 
extended.   

Offers must acknowledge receipt of this amendment prior to
the hour and date specified in the solicitation or as amended, by one of the following methods: (a) By completing items 8 and 15, and returning                  copies
of the amendment; (b) By acknowledging receipt of this amendment on each copy of the offer submitted; or (c) By separate letter or telegram which includes a reference to the solicitation and amendment number. FAILURE OF YOUR
ACKNOWLEDGEMENT TO BE RECEIVED AT THE PLACE DESIGNATED FOR THE RECEIPT OF OFFERS PRIOR TO THE HOUR AND DATE SPECIFIED MAY RESULT IN REJECTION OF YOUR OFFER. If by virtue of this amendment you desire to change an offer already submitted, such change
may be made by telegram or letter, provided each telegram or letter makes reference to the solicitation and this amendment, and is received prior to the opening hour and date specified. 

12.
ACCOUNTING AND APPROPRIATION DATA ( If required .)   See Schedule  
   
   Net Increase:      [*]  

13. THIS ITEM APPLIES ONLY TO MODIFICATIONS OF CONTRACTS/ORDERS. IT MODIFIES THE CONTRACT/ORDER NO. AS DESCRIBED IN ITEM 14.  

(x)    
   
 A. THIS CHANGE BY CLAUSE IS ISSUED PURSUANT TO: (Specify clause) THE CHANGES SET FORTH IN ITEM 14 ARE MADE IN THE CONTRACT ORDER NO. IN ITEM 10A. 

B. THE ABOVE NUMBERED CONTRACT/ORDER IS MODIFIED TO REFLECT
THE ADMINISTRATIVE CHANGES ( such as changes in paying office, appropriation date, etc. ) SET FORTH IN ITEM 14.      

C. THIS SUPPLEMENTAL AGREEMENT IS ENTERED INTO PURSUANT TO THE AUTHORITY OF: THE CHANGES
SET FORTH IN ITEM 14 ARE MADE IN THE CONTRACT ORDER NO. IN ITEM 10A.      

D. OTHER (such as no cost change/cancellation, termination, etc.) (Specify type of
modification and authority): THE CHANGES SET FORTH IN ITEM 14 ARE MADE IN THE CONTRACT ORDER NO. IN ITEM 10A.   By Mutual Agreement of the Contracting
Parties  

E. IMPORTANT : Contractor             is
not,             is required to sign this document and return        1        copies to the
issuing office.      

14. DESCRIPTION OF AMENDMENT/MODIFICATION (Organized by UCF section headings,
including solicitation/contract subject matter where feasible.)   The purpose of this modification is to incorporate Operating Period 35 (August) Ad Hoc
Charters into the ACN-13-FX contract, with the following conditions:       A) Once the
Charters are scheduled they cannot be canceled.       B) All Service and Scan penalties
(reductions in payment), related to the Day Network only, will be eliminated. This relief does not apply to the Night Network.     
 C) Volume will be inducted into the network at the Memphis Hub and will incur appropriate tie pricing and will be processed normally. 
     Continued...  

Except as provided herein, all terms and conditions of the document referenced in Item
9A or 10A, as heretofore changed, remains unchanged and in full force and effect.      

15A. NAME AND TITLE OF SIGNER ( Type or print ) 
         Paul J. Herron, Vice President  
   
   16A. NAME
AND TITLE OF CONTRACTING OFFICER ( Type or print )           Brian
Mckain   
 
   15B. CONTRACTOR/OFFEROR 
     /s/ PAUL J. HERRON 
  (  Signature of person authorized to sign  )   

15C. DATE SIGNED   
     9-13-16  
   
   16B. CONTRACT AUTHORITY     
 /s/ BRIAN MCKAIN 
  (  Signature of Contracting Officer  )   

16C. DATE SIGNED 
     9/15/16   

* 
 Blank spaces contained confidential information which has been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to Rule 24b-2 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

ITEM NO     
   
 SCHEDULE OF SUPPLIES / SERVICES 
   
 QUANTITY  
   
    UNIT   
   
     UNIT PRICE     
   
   AMOUNT   

FedEx will notify the Postal Service if the tender requirement is different than what is currently
in the contract. Delivery does not change.       Payments for said charters will be paid as
part of the Operating Period reconciliation.       - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - 
 Sub Rept Req d: Y Carrier Code: FX Route Termini   S: Various
Route Termini End: Various Payment   Terms: SEE CONTRACT 
 Delivery: 08/18/2016   Discount Terms: 
 See Schedule   Accounting Info: 
 BFN: 670167   FOB: Destination 
 Period of Performance: 09/30/2013 to 09/30/2020     
 Change Item 9 to read as follows:  

9 
   
   Ad Hoc Charter Option 
 Account Number: 53703     
 This value is for estimation purposes only.  

[*]  

* 
 Blank spaces contained confidential information which has been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to Rule  24b-2  under the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, as amended.    

August 2016 Ad Hoc Charters      

* 
 Blank spaces contained confidential information which has been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to Rule  24b-2  under the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, as amended.    

</EX-10.5>

<EX-10.6>
 7
 d262623dex106.htm
 EX-10.6

EX-10.6 

Exhibit 10.6   

AMENDMENT OF SOLICITATION/MODIFICATION OF CONTRACT   
   
 1. CONTRACT ID CODE   
   
 PAGE   
   
 OF  

1      

2       

is extended,             is not 
extended.   

Offers must acknowledge receipt of this amendment prior to
the hour and date specified in the solicitation or as amended, by one of the following methods: (a) By completing items 8 and 15, and returning              copies of the amendment;
(b) By acknowledging receipt of this amendment on each copy of the offer submitted; or (c) By separate letter or telegram which includes a reference to the solicitation and amendment number. FAILURE OF YOUR ACKNOWLEDGEMENT TO BE RECEIVED
AT THE PLACE DESIGNATED FOR THE RECEIPT OF OFFERS PRIOR TO THE HOUR AND DATE SPECIFIED MAY RESULT IN REJECTION OF YOUR OFFER. If by virtue of this amendment you desire to change an offer already submitted, such change may be made by telegram or
letter, provided each telegram or letter makes reference to the solicitation and this amendment, and is received prior to the opening hour and date specified.       

12.
ACCOUNTING AND APPROPRIATION DATA ( If required .)   See Schedule  
   
   Net Increase:      [*]  

13. THIS ITEM APPLIES ONLY TO MODIFICATIONS OF CONTRACTS/ORDERS. IT MODIFIES THE CONTRACT/ORDER NO. AS DESCRIBED IN ITEM 14.  

(x)    
   
 A. THIS CHANGE BY CLAUSE IS ISSUED PURSUANT TO: (Specify clause) THE CHANGES SET FORTH IN ITEM 14 ARE MADE IN THE CONTRACT ORDER NO. IN ITEM 10A. 

Monthly Fuel Adjustment 

B. THE ABOVE NUMBERED CONTRACT/ORDER IS MODIFIED TO REFLECT
THE ADMINISTRATIVE CHANGES ( such as changes in paying office, appropriation date, etc. ) SET FORTH IN ITEM 14.      

C. THIS SUPPLEMENTAL AGREEMENT IS ENTERED INTO PURSUANT TO THE AUTHORITY OF: THE CHANGES
SET FORTH IN ITEM 14 ARE MADE IN THE CONTRACT ORDER NO. IN ITEM 10A.      

D. OTHER (such as no cost change/cancellation, termination, etc.) (Specify type of
modification and authority): THE CHANGES SET FORTH IN ITEM 14 ARE MADE IN THE CONTRACT ORDER NO. IN ITEM 10A.      

E. IMPORTANT : Contractor             is
not,             is required to sign this document and return        1        copies to the
issuing office.      

14. DESCRIPTION OF AMENDMENT/MODIFICATION (Organized by UCF section headings,
including solicitation/contract subject matter where feasible.)       In accordance with
contract   ACN-13-FX   and the  Fuel Adjustment  section, the following Line Haul Rate (fuel) for the Day Network as set out in Attachment 10 is modified for
performance during the period of October 3, 2016 to October 30, 2016 (Operating Period 37) as follows:     
 TIERS: Base - Tier 5   From: 
  [*]  per cubic foot   To: 
  [*]  per cubic foot     
 Continued...  

Except as provided herein, all terms and conditions of the document referenced in Item
9A or 10A, as heretofore changed, remains unchanged and in full force and effect.      

15A. NAME AND TITLE OF SIGNER ( Type or print ) 
         Paul J. Herron, Vice President  
   
   16A. NAME
AND TITLE OF CONTRACTING OFFICER ( Type or print )           Brian
Mckain   
 
   15B. CONTRACTOR/OFFEROR 
     /s/ PAUL J. HERRON 
  (Signature of person authorized to sign)   

15C. DATE SIGNED   
     10-5-2016  
   
   16B. CONTRACT AUTHORITY     
 /s/ BRIAN MCKAIN 
  (Signature of Contracting Officer)   

16C. DATE SIGNED 
     10/6/16   

* 
 Blank spaces contained confidential information which has been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to Rule 24b-2 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

ITEM NO        
   
 SCHEDULE OF SUPPLIES / SERVICES 
   
 QUANTITY  
   
 UNIT  
   
     UNIT PRICE     
   
 AMOUNT  

This is an increase of  [*] . 
     TIERS: 6   7:     
 Tier 6:   From: 
 [*] per cubic foot   To: 
  [*]  per cubic foot     
 This is an increase of  [*] .     
 Tier 7:   From: 
  [*]  per cubic foot   To: 
  [*]  per cubic foot     
 This is an increase of  [*] .     
 [*]     
 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -   Sub Rept Req d: Y Carrier Code:
FX Route Termini   S: Various Route Termini End: Various Payment 
 Terms: SEE CONTRACT   Delivery: 05/02/2016 
 Discount Terms:   See Schedule 
 Accounting Info:   BFN: 670167 
 FOB: Destination   Period of Performance: 09/30/2013 to
09/30/2020      

Change Item 1 to read as follows:  

1  
   
       Day Network 
 Account Number: 53503  

[*]   

This is for estimation purposes only and is not a guarantee of contract value.  

* 
 Blank spaces contained confidential information which has been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to Rule  24b-2  under the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, as amended.    

</EX-10.6>

<EX-10.7>
 8
 d262623dex107.htm
 EX-10.7

EX-10.7 

Exhibit 10.7   

AMENDMENT OF SOLICITATION/MODIFICATION OF CONTRACT   
   
 1. CONTRACT ID CODE   
   
 PAGE   
   
 OF  

1      

2       

is extended,             is not 
extended.   

Offers must acknowledge receipt of this amendment prior to
the hour and date specified in the solicitation or as amended, by one of the following methods: (a) By completing items 8 and 15, and returning                  copies
of the amendment; (b) By acknowledging receipt of this amendment on each copy of the offer submitted; or (c) By separate letter or telegram which includes a reference to the solicitation and amendment number. FAILURE OF YOUR ACKNOWLEDGEMENT TO BE
RECEIVED AT THE PLACE DESIGNATED FOR THE RECEIPT OF OFFERS PRIOR TO THE HOUR AND DATE SPECIFIED MAY RESULT IN REJECTION OF YOUR OFFER. If by virtue of this amendment you desire to change an offer already submitted, such change may be made by
telegram or letter, provided each telegram or letter makes reference to the solicitation and this amendment, and is received prior to the opening hour and date specified. 

12.
ACCOUNTING AND APPROPRIATION DATA ( If required .)   See Schedule  
   
   Net Increase:      [*]  

13. THIS ITEM APPLIES ONLY TO MODIFICATIONS OF CONTRACTS/ORDERS. IT MODIFIES THE CONTRACT/ORDER NO. AS DESCRIBED IN ITEM 14.  

(x)    
   
 A. THIS CHANGE BY CLAUSE IS ISSUED PURSUANT TO: (Specify clause) THE CHANGES SET FORTH IN ITEM 14 ARE MADE IN THE CONTRACT ORDER NO. IN ITEM 10A. 

B. THE ABOVE NUMBERED CONTRACT/ORDER IS MODIFIED TO REFLECT
THE ADMINISTRATIVE CHANGES ( such as changes in paying office, appropriation date, etc. ) SET FORTH IN ITEM 14.      

C. THIS SUPPLEMENTAL AGREEMENT IS ENTERED INTO PURSUANT TO THE AUTHORITY OF: THE CHANGES
SET FORTH IN ITEM 14 ARE MADE IN THE CONTRACT ORDER NO. IN ITEM 10A.      

D. OTHER (such as no cost change/cancellation, termination, etc.) (Specify type of
modification and authority): THE CHANGES SET FORTH IN ITEM 14 ARE MADE IN THE CONTRACT ORDER NO. IN ITEM 10A.     
 By Mutual Agreement of the Contracting Parties      

E. IMPORTANT : Contractor             is
not,             is required to sign this document and return        1        copies to the
issuing office.      

14. DESCRIPTION OF AMENDMENT/MODIFICATION (Organized by UCF section headings,
including solicitation/contract subject matter where feasible.)       The purpose of this
modification is to incorporate Operating Period 29 (February) Scheduled and Ad Hoc Charters into the ACN-13-FX contract, with the following conditions:     
 A) Once the Charters are scheduled they cannot be canceled.     
 B) All Service and Scan penalties (reductions in payment) will be eliminated for Operating Period 29 in which these  Charters  operate. 
     C) Volume will be inducted into the network at the Memphis Hub and will incur appropriate
tie pricing and will be processed normally.       Continued...  

Except as provided herein, all terms and conditions of the document referenced in Item
9A or 10A, as heretofore changed, remains unchanged and in full force and effect.      

15A. NAME AND TITLE OF SIGNER ( Type or print ) 
         Paul J. Herron, Vice President  
   
   16A. NAME
AND TITLE OF CONTRACTING OFFICER ( Type or print )           Brian
Mckain   
 
   15B. CONTRACTOR/OFFEROR 
     /s/ PAUL J. HERRON 
  (Signature of person authorized to sign)   

15C. DATE SIGNED   
     10-21-2016  
   
   16B. CONTRACT AUTHORITY     
 /s/ BRIAN MCKAIN 
  (Signature of Contracting Officer)   

16C. DATE SIGNED 
     10/24/16   

* 
 Blank spaces contained confidential information which has been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to Rule 24b-2 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

ITEM NO        
   
 SCHEDULE OF SUPPLIES / SERVICES 
   
 QUANTITY  
   
 UNIT  
   
     UNIT PRICE     
   
 AMOUNT  

FedEx will notify the Postal Service if the tender requirement is different than what is currently in
the contract. Delivery does not change. Payments for said charters will be paid as part of the Operating Period reconciliation.     
 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -   Sub Rept Req d: Y Carrier Code:
FX Route Termini   S: Various Route Termini End: Various Payment 
 Terms: SEE CONTRACT   Delivery: 02/01/2016 
 Discount Terms:   See Schedule 
 Accounting Info:   BFN: 670167 
 FOB: Destination   Period of Performance: 09/30/2013 to
09/30/2020      

Change Item 7 to read as follows:  

7  
   
       Scheduled Charter
Option  

[*]   

Account Number: 53703  

This value is for estimation purposes only.  

Change Item 9 to read as follows:  

9  
   
       Ad Hoc Charter Option  

[*]   

Account Number: 53703  

This value is for estimation purposes only.  

* 
 Blank spaces contained confidential information which has been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to Rule  24b-2  under the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, as amended.    

FEB 2016 O/P  Scheduled  and  Ad Hoc  Charters  
 Scheduled      

Location 
   
 A/C Type 
   
 Monthly Number of Charters 

Cubic Feet 

Total Monthly Cubic Feet 

Cost 

Total Monthly Cost 

EWR 
   
  MD-10  

[*] 

[*] 

[*] 

[*] 

[*] 

EWR 
   
  MD-11  

[*] 

[*] 

[*] 

[*] 

[*] 

PHL-(IAD-PHL)   
   
 757 

[*] 

[*] 

[*] 

[*] 

[*] 

SLC 
   
 757 

[*] 

[*] 

[*] 

[*] 

[*] 

PHX 
   
 757 

[*] 

[*] 

[*] 

[*] 

[*] 

[*] 

[*] 

[*] 

[*] 

[*] 

Ad Hoc  

Location 
   
 A/C Type 
   
 Monthly Number of Charters 

Cubic Feet 

Total Monthly Cubic Feet 

Cost 

Total Monthly Cost 

PHL 
   
 757 

[*] 

[*] 

[*] 

[*] 

[*] 

PHL 
   
 A300 

[*] 

[*] 

[*] 

[*] 

[*] 

PHL 
   
 A310 

[*] 

[*] 

[*] 

[*] 

[*] 

[*] 

[*] 

[*] 

[*] 

[*] 

* 
 Blank spaces contained confidential information which has been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to Rule  24b-2  under the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, as amended.    

</EX-10.7>

<EX-10.8>
 9
 d262623dex108.htm
 EX-10.8

EX-10.8 

Exhibit 10.8   

AMENDMENT OF SOLICITATION/MODIFICATION OF CONTRACT   
   
 1. CONTRACT ID CODE   
   
 PAGE   
   
 OF  

1      

2       

is extended,             is not 
extended.   

Offers must acknowledge receipt of this amendment prior to
the hour and date specified in the solicitation or as amended, by one of the following methods: (a) By completing items 8 and 15, and returning                 
copies of the amendment; (b) By acknowledging receipt of this amendment on each copy of the offer submitted; or (c) By separate letter or telegram which includes a reference to the solicitation and amendment number. FAILURE OF YOUR
ACKNOWLEDGEMENT TO BE RECEIVED AT THE PLACE DESIGNATED FOR THE RECEIPT OF OFFERS PRIOR TO THE HOUR AND DATE SPECIFIED MAY RESULT IN REJECTION OF YOUR OFFER. If by virtue of this amendment you desire to change an offer already submitted, such change
may be made by telegram or letter, provided each telegram or letter makes reference to the solicitation and this amendment, and is received prior to the opening hour and date specified. 

12.
ACCOUNTING AND APPROPRIATION DATA ( If required .)   See Schedule  
   
   Net Increase:    [*]  

13. THIS ITEM APPLIES ONLY TO MODIFICATIONS OF CONTRACTS/ORDERS. IT MODIFIES THE CONTRACT/ORDER NO. AS DESCRIBED IN ITEM 14.  

(x)    
   
 A. THIS CHANGE BY CLAUSE IS ISSUED PURSUANT TO: (Specify clause) THE CHANGES SET FORTH IN ITEM 14 ARE MADE IN THE CONTRACT ORDER NO. IN ITEM 10A. 

B. THE ABOVE NUMBERED CONTRACT/ORDER IS MODIFIED TO REFLECT
THE ADMINISTRATIVE CHANGES ( such as changes in paying office, appropriation date, etc. ) SET FORTH IN ITEM 14.      

C. THIS SUPPLEMENTAL AGREEMENT IS ENTERED INTO PURSUANT TO THE AUTHORITY OF: THE CHANGES
SET FORTH IN ITEM 14 ARE MADE IN THE CONTRACT ORDER NO. IN ITEM 10A.      

D. OTHER (such as no cost change/cancellation, termination, etc.) (Specify type of
modification and authority): THE CHANGES SET FORTH IN ITEM 14 ARE MADE IN THE CONTRACT ORDER NO. IN ITEM 10A.   By Mutual Agreement of the Contracting
Parties      

E. IMPORTANT : Contractor             is
not,             is required to sign this document and return         1       copies
to the issuing office.  

14. DESCRIPTION OF AMENDMENT/MODIFICATION (Organized by UCF section headings,
including solicitation/contract subject matter where feasible.)   The purpose of this modification is to incorporate Operating Period 27 (DEC) Ad Hoc Charters
into the   ACN-13-FX   contract, with the following conditions:     
 A) Once the Charters are scheduled they cannot be canceled.     
 B) All Service and Scan penalties (reductions in payment) will be eliminated for Operating Period 27 in which these  Charters  operate. 
     C) Volume will be inducted into the network at the Memphis Hub and will incur appropriate
tie pricing and will be processed normally.       Continued...  

Except as provided herein, all terms and conditions of the document referenced in Item
9A or 10A, as heretofore changed, remains unchanged and in full force and effect.      

15A. NAME AND TITLE OF
SIGNER ( Type or print )           Paul J. Herron, Vice
President  

16A. NAME
AND TITLE OF CONTRACTING OFFICER ( Type or print )           Brian
Mckain   
 
   15B. CONTRACTOR/OFFEROR 
     /s/ PAUL J. HERRON 
  (  Signature of person authorized to sign  )   

15C. DATE SIGNED   
   
   10-21-2016    
   
   16B. CONTRACT AUTHORITY     
 /s/ BRIAN MCKAIN 
  (  Signature of Contracting Officer  )   

16C. DATE SIGNED 
     10/24/16   

* 
 Blank spaces contained confidential information which has been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to Rule 24b-2 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

ITEM NO     
   
 SCHEDULE OF SUPPLIES / SERVICES 
   
 QUANTITY  
   
 UNIT  
   
     UNIT PRICE     
   
   AMOUNT   

FedEx will notify the Postal Service if the tender requirement is different than what is currently in
the contract. Delivery does not change. Payments for said charters will be paid as part of the Operating Period reconciliation.     
 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -     
 Sub Rept Req d: Y Carrier Code: FX Route Termini   S: Various
Route Termini End: Various Payment   Terms: SEE CONTRACT 
 Delivery: 02/01/2016   Discount Terms: 
 See Schedule   Accounting Info: 
 BFN: 670167   FOB: Destination 
 Period of Performance: 09/30/2013 to 09/30/2020      

Change Item 9 to read as follows:  

9  
   
       Ad Hoc Charter Option  

[*]   

Account Number: 53703  

This value is for estimation purposes only.  

* 
 Blank spaces contained confidential information which has been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to Rule  24b-2  under the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, as amended.    

DEC 2015 O/P  Ad Hoc  Charter  
 DEC 2015 Ad Hoc Charters      

Origin 
   
 Aircraft Type 
   
 Monthly Number of Charters 
   
 Aircraft Capacity (Cubic Feet) 
   
 Total Monthly Cubic Feet 
   
 Price 
   
 Total Monthly Price  

SEA 
   
  MD-10  
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*]  
 
 SJU 
   
  MD-10  
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*]  
 
 LAX 
   
  A-300  
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*]  

[*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*]  

* 
 Blank spaces contained confidential information which has been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to Rule  24b-2  under the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, as amended.    

</EX-10.8>

<EX-10.9>
 10
 d262623dex109.htm
 EX-10.9

EX-10.9 

Exhibit 10.9   

AMENDMENT OF SOLICITATION/MODIFICATION OF CONTRACT   
   
 1. CONTRACT ID CODE   
   
 PAGE   
   
 OF  

1      

2       

is extended,             is not 
extended.   

Offers must acknowledge receipt of this amendment prior to
the hour and date specified in the solicitation or as amended, by one of the following methods: (a) By completing items 8 and 15, and returning                  copies
of the amendment; (b) By acknowledging receipt of this amendment on each copy of the offer submitted; or (c) By separate letter or telegram which includes a reference to the solicitation and amendment number. FAILURE OF YOUR ACKNOWLEDGEMENT TO
BE RECEIVED AT THE PLACE DESIGNATED FOR THE RECEIPT OF OFFERS PRIOR TO THE HOUR AND DATE SPECIFIED MAY RESULT IN REJECTION OF YOUR OFFER. If by virtue of this amendment you desire to change an offer already submitted, such change may be made by
telegram or letter, provided each telegram or letter makes reference to the solicitation and this amendment, and is received prior to the opening hour and date specified. 

12.
ACCOUNTING AND APPROPRIATION DATA ( If required .)   See Schedule  
   
   Net Increase:      [*]  

13. THIS ITEM APPLIES ONLY TO MODIFICATIONS OF CONTRACTS/ORDERS. IT MODIFIES THE CONTRACT/ORDER NO. AS DESCRIBED IN ITEM 14.  

(x)    
   
 A. THIS CHANGE BY CLAUSE IS ISSUED PURSUANT TO: (Specify clause) THE CHANGES SET FORTH IN ITEM 14 ARE MADE IN THE CONTRACT ORDER NO. IN ITEM 10A. 

B. THE ABOVE NUMBERED CONTRACT/ORDER IS MODIFIED TO REFLECT
THE ADMINISTRATIVE CHANGES ( such as changes in paying office, appropriation date, etc. ) SET FORTH IN ITEM 14.      

C. THIS SUPPLEMENTAL AGREEMENT IS ENTERED INTO PURSUANT TO THE AUTHORITY OF: THE CHANGES
SET FORTH IN ITEM 14 ARE MADE IN THE CONTRACT ORDER NO. IN ITEM 10A.      

D. OTHER (such as no cost change/cancellation, termination, etc.) (Specify type of
modification and authority): THE CHANGES SET FORTH IN ITEM 14 ARE MADE IN THE CONTRACT ORDER NO. IN ITEM 10A.   By Mutual Agreement of the Contracting
Parties  

E. IMPORTANT : Contractor             is
not,             is required to sign this document and return         1       
copies to the issuing office.      

14. DESCRIPTION OF AMENDMENT/MODIFICATION (Organized by UCF section headings,
including solicitation/contract subject matter where feasible.)   The purpose of this modification is to incorporate Operating Period 36 (September) Scheduled
and Ad Hoc Charters into the ACN-13-FX contract, with the following conditions:       A) Once
the Charters are scheduled they cannot be canceled.       B) All Service and Scan penalties
(reductions in payment), related to the Day Network only, will be eliminated. This relief does not apply to the Night Network.     
 C) Volume will be inducted into the network at the Memphis Hub and will incur appropriate tie pricing and will be processed normally. 
     Continued...  

Except as provided herein, all terms and conditions of the document referenced in Item
9A or 10A, as heretofore changed, remains unchanged and in full force and effect.      

15A. NAME AND TITLE OF
SIGNER ( Type or print )           Paul J. Herron, Vice
President  

16A. NAME
AND TITLE OF CONTRACTING OFFICER ( Type or print )           Brian
Mckain   
 
   15B. CONTRACTOR/OFFEROR 
     /s/ PAUL J. HERRON 
  (  Signature of person authorized to sign  )   

15C. DATE SIGNED   
   
   10-21-16    
   
   16B. CONTRACT AUTHORITY     
 /s/ BRIAN MCKAIN 
  (  Signature of Contracting Officer  )   

16C. DATE SIGNED 
     10/24/16   

* 
 Blank spaces contained confidential information which has been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to Rule 24b-2 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

ITEM NO     
   
 SCHEDULE OF SUPPLIES / SERVICES 
   
 QUANTITY  
   
 UNIT  
   
     UNIT PRICE     
   
   AMOUNT   

FedEx will notify the Postal
Service if the tender requirement is different than what is currently in the contract. Delivery does not change. Payments for said charters will be paid as part of the Operating Period reconciliation. 
     - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - 
     Sub Rept Req d: Y Carrier Code: FX Route Termini 
 S: Various Route Termini End: Various Payment   Terms: SEE
CONTRACT   Delivery: 08/29/2016   Discount Terms: 
 See Schedule   Accounting Info: 
 BFN: 670167   FOB: Destination 
 Period of Performance: 09/30/2013 to 09/30/2020     
 Change Item 7 to read as follows:  

7 
   
   Scheduled Charter Option 
 Account Number: 53703     
 This value is for estimation purposes only.     
 Change Item 9 to read as follows:  

[*]       

9 
   
   Ad Hoc Charter Option  

[*]  

Account Number: 53703     
 This value is for estimation purposes only.  

* 
 Blank spaces contained confidential information which has been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to Rule 24b-2 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

SEP 2016 O/P  Scheduled  and  Ad Hoc  Charters  
 Scheduled      

* 
 Blank spaces contained confidential information which has been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to Rule  24b-2  under the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, as amended.    

</EX-10.9>

<EX-10.10>
 11
 d262623dex1010.htm
 EX-10.10

EX-10.10 

Exhibit 10.10   

AMENDMENT OF SOLICITATION/MODIFICATION OF CONTRACT   
   
 1. CONTRACT ID CODE   
   
 PAGE   
   
 OF  

1      

3       

is extended,             is not 
extended.   

Offers must acknowledge receipt of this amendment prior to
the hour and date specified in the solicitation or as amended, by one of the following methods: (a) By completing items 8 and 15, and returning                  copies
of the amendment; (b) By acknowledging receipt of this amendment on each copy of the offer submitted; or (c) By separate letter or telegram which includes a reference to the solicitation and amendment number. FAILURE OF YOUR ACKNOWLEDGEMENT TO
BE RECEIVED AT THE PLACE DESIGNATED FOR THE RECEIPT OF OFFERS PRIOR TO THE HOUR AND DATE SPECIFIED MAY RESULT IN REJECTION OF YOUR OFFER. If by virtue of this amendment you desire to change an offer already submitted, such change may be made by
telegram or letter, provided each telegram or letter makes reference to the solicitation and this amendment, and is received prior to the opening hour and date specified. 

12.
ACCOUNTING AND APPROPRIATION DATA ( If required .)   See Schedule  
   
   $0.00  

13. THIS ITEM APPLIES ONLY TO MODIFICATIONS OF CONTRACTS/ORDERS. IT MODIFIES THE CONTRACT/ORDER NO. AS DESCRIBED IN ITEM 14.  

(x)    
   
 A. THIS CHANGE BY CLAUSE IS ISSUED PURSUANT TO: (Specify clause) THE CHANGES SET FORTH IN ITEM 14 ARE MADE IN THE CONTRACT ORDER NO. IN ITEM 10A. 

B. THE ABOVE NUMBERED CONTRACT/ORDER IS MODIFIED TO REFLECT
THE ADMINISTRATIVE CHANGES ( such as changes in paying office, appropriation date, etc. ) SET FORTH IN ITEM 14.      

C. THIS SUPPLEMENTAL AGREEMENT IS ENTERED INTO PURSUANT TO THE AUTHORITY OF: THE CHANGES
SET FORTH IN ITEM 14 ARE MADE IN THE CONTRACT ORDER NO. IN ITEM 10A.      

D. OTHER (such as no cost change/cancellation, termination, etc.) (Specify type of
modification and authority): THE CHANGES SET FORTH IN ITEM 14 ARE MADE IN THE CONTRACT ORDER NO. IN ITEM 10A.     
 By Mutual Agreement of the Contracting Parties      

E. IMPORTANT : Contractor             is
not,             is required to sign this document and return       1       copies to the issuing
office.  

14. DESCRIPTION OF AMENDMENT/MODIFICATION (Organized by UCF section headings,
including solicitation/contract subject matter where feasible.)   As set forth in Modification 44 and the relocation from Grand Forks, ND (GFK) to Fargo, ND
(FAR),  Effective on the date the aviation supplier begins operations at FAR, October 31, 2016, all references in the contract to the GFK Service Point shall be deleted and replaced with  FAR  and all references to Grand Forks,
ND will be replaced with Fargo, ND.        This modification incorporates said changes
as follows (updated versions of all Attachments are attached):       A. Attachment 3,
Operating Plan, Day Network Originating Operations   Origin City: Grand Forks, ND is changed to Fargo, ND 
 Service Point: GFK is changed to FAR     
 Continued...  

Except as provided herein, all terms and conditions of the document referenced in Item
9A or 10A, as heretofore changed, remains unchanged and in full force and effect.      

15A. NAME AND TITLE OF
SIGNER ( Type or print )           Paul J. Herron, Vice
President  

16A. NAME
AND TITLE OF CONTRACTING OFFICER ( Type or print )           Brian
Mckain   
 
   15B. CONTRACTOR/OFFEROR 
     /s/ PAUL J. HERRON 
  (  Signature of person authorized to sign  )   

15C. DATE SIGNED   
     11-7-16  
   
   16B. CONTRACT AUTHORITY     
 /s/ BRIAN MCKAIN 
  (  Signature of Contracting Officer  )   

16C. DATE SIGNED 
     11/8/16   

ITEM NO     
   
 SCHEDULE OF SUPPLIES / SERVICES 
   
 QUANTITY  
   
 UNIT  
   
     UNIT PRICE     
   
   AMOUNT   

B. Attachment 3, Operating
Plan, Day Network   Destinating Operations   Service Point: GFK is
changed to FAR       C. Attachment 3, Operating Plan, Day Network - 
 Tender and Delivery Process Codes   Air Cargo Network City: Grand
Forks, ND is changed to Fargo, ND   Service Point: GFK is changed to FAR     
 D. Attachment 4, Operating Plan, Night Network   Originating
Operations   Origin City: Grand Forks, ND changed to Fargo, ND 
 Service Point: GFK is changed to FAR    All Mail Due Aviation
Supplier Monday - Friday  time is changed   FROM: [*]   TO:
[*]       E. Attachment 4, Operating Plan, Night Network 
 Destinating Operations   Origin City: Grand Forks, ND is changed to
Fargo, ND   Service Point: GFK is changed to FAR    Required
Delivery Time to Postal Service Tuesday - Saturday  time is changed   FROM: [*] 
 TO: [*]     
 F. Attachment 4, Operating Plan, Night Network -   Tender and
Delivery Process Codes   Air Cargo Network City: Grand Forks, ND is changed to Fargo, ND 
 Service Point: GFK is changed to FAR     
 G. Attachment 14, Service Contract Wage   Determination 
 [*]     
 H. Attachment 18, Volume Acceptance Worksheet   GFK is replaced with
FAR       Continued   

* 
 Blank spaces contained confidential information which has been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to Rule  24b-2  under the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, as amended.    

ITEM NO     
   
 SCHEDULE OF SUPPLIES / SERVICES 
   
 QUANTITY  
   
 UNIT  
   
     UNIT PRICE     
   
   AMOUNT   

I. Attachment 19, First Class Mail Delivery Times 
 GFK is replaced with FAR     
 All other contract terms remain in effect.     
 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -     
 Sub Rept Req d: Y Carrier Code: FX Route Termini   S: Various
Route Termini End: Various Payment   Terms: SEE CONTRACT   Period
of Performance: 09/30/2013 to 09/30/2020  

Exercised Option 1, 2 and 3   
  Attachment 3      Operating
Plan, Day Network        31-Oct-16     

Originating Operation   

Air Cargo Network  
  Origin City   
    
  Service   Point  
    
  ALL Mail Due   Aviation Supplier   Tuesday through Saturday  
   
  ALL Mail Due   Aviation Supplier   Sunday   

1 
    
   ALBUQUERQUE NM  
    
 ABQ 
    
 [*] 
   
 [*]  
 
 2 
    
   ANCHORAGE AK  
    
 ANC 
    
 [*] 
   
 [*]  
 
 3 
    
   ATLANTA GA  
    
 ATL 
    
 [*] 
   
 [*]  
 
 4 
    
   AUSTIN TX  
    
 AUS 
    
 [*] 
   
 [*]  
 
 5 
    
   BALTIMORE MD  
    
 BWI 
    
 [*] 
   
 [*]  
 
 6 
    
   BILLINGS MT  
    
 BIL 
    
 [*] 
   
 [*]  
 
 7 
    
   BIRMINGHAM AL  
    
 BHM 
    
 [*] 
   
 [*]  
 
 8 
    
   BOISE ID AMF  
    
 BOI 
    
 [*] 
   
 [*]  
 
 9 
    
   BOSTON MA  
    
 BOS 
    
 [*] 
   
 [*]  
 
 10 
    
   CHARLESTON WV  
    
 CRW 
    
 [*] 
   
 [*]  
 
 11 
    
   CHARLOTTE NC  
    
 CLT 
    
 [*] 
   
 [*]  
 
 12 
    
   CHICAGO IL  
    
 ORD 
    
 [*] 
   
 [*]  
 
 13 
    
   CINCINNATI OH  
    
 CVG 
    
 [*] 
   
 [*]  
 
 14 
    
   CLEVELAND OH  
    
 CLE 
    
 [*] 
   
 [*]  
 
 15 
    
   COLUMBUS OH  
    
 CMH 
    
 [*] 
   
 [*]  
 
 16 
    
   DALLAS TX  
    
 DFW 
    
 [*] 
   
 [*]  
 
 17 
    
   DENVER CO  
    
 DEN 
    
 [*] 
   
 [*]  
 
 18 
    
   DES MOINES IA  
    
 DSM 
    
 [*] 
   
 [*]  
 
 19 
    
   DETROIT MI  
    
 DTW 
    
 [*] 
   
 [*]  
 
 20 
    
   DULLES VA  
    
 IAD 
    
 [*] 
   
 [*]  
 
 21 
    
   EL PASO TX  
    
 ELP 
    
 [*] 
   
 [*]  
 
 22 
    
   FARGO ND  
    
 FAR 
    
 [*] 
   
 [*]  
 
 23 
    
   GRAND RAPIDS MI  
    
 GRR 
    
 [*] 
   
 [*]  
 
 24 
    
   GREAT FALLS MT  
    
 GTF 
    
 [*] 
   
 [*]  
 
 25 
    
   GREENSBORO NC  
    
 GSO 
    
 [*] 
   
 [*]  
 
 26 
    
   HONOLULU HI  
    
 HNL 
    
 [*] 
   
 [*]  
 
 27 
    
   HOUSTON TX  
    
 IAH 
    
 [*] 
   
 [*]  
 
 28 
    
   INDIANAPOLIS IN  
    
 IND 
    
 [*] 
   
 [*]  
 
 29 
    
   JACKSON MS  
    
 JAN 
    
 [*] 
   
 [*]  
 
 30 
    
   JACKSONVILLE FL  
    
 JAX 
    
 [*] 
   
 [*]  
 
 31 
    
   KANSAS CITY MO  
    
 MCI 
    
 [*] 
   
 [*]  
 
 32 
    
   KNOXVILLE TN  
    
 TYS 
    
 [*] 
   
 [*]  
 
 33 
    
   LAS VEGAS NV  
    
 LAS 
    
 [*] 
   
 [*]  
 
 34 
    
   LITTLE ROCK AR  
    
 LIT 
    
 [*] 
   
 [*]  
 
 35 
    
   LOS ANGELES CA  
    
 LAX 
    
 [*] 
   
 [*]  

Originating Operation   

Air Cargo Network  
  Origin City   
    
  Service   Point  
    
  ALL Mail Due   Aviation Supplier   Tuesday through Saturday  
   
  ALL Mail Due   Aviation Supplier   Sunday   
 
 36 
    
   LOUISVILLE KY  
    
 SDF 
    
 [*] 
   
 [*]  
 
 37 
    
   LUBBOCK TX  
    
 LBB 
    
 [*] 
   
 [*]  
 
 38 
    
   MEMPHIS TN  
    
 MEM 
    
 [*] 
   
 [*]  
 
 39 
    
   MIAMI FL  
    
 MIA 
    
 [*] 
   
 [*]  
 
 40 
    
   MILWAUKEE WI  
    
 MKE 
    
 [*] 
   
 [*]  
 
 41 
    
   MINNEAPOLIS MN  
    
 MSP 
    
 [*] 
   
 [*]  
 
 42 
    
   MOBILE AL  
    
 MOB 
    
 [*] 
   
 [*]  
 
 43 
    
   NASHUA NH  
    
 MHT 
    
 [*] 
   
 [*]  
 
 44 
    
   NASHVILLE TN  
    
 BNA 
    
 [*] 
   
 [*]  
 
 45 
    
   NEW ORLEANS LA  
    
 MSY 
    
 [*] 
   
 [*]  
 
 46 
    
   NEWARK NJ  
    
 EWR 
    
 [*] 
   
 [*]  
 
 47 
    
   NORFOLK VA  
    
 ORF 
    
 [*] 
   
 [*]  
 
 48 
    
   NY METRO  
    
 JFK 
    
 [*] 
   
 [*]  
 
 49 
    
   OAKLAND CA  
    
 OAK 
    
 [*] 
   
 [*]  
 
 50 
    
   OKLAHOMA CITY OK  
    
 OKC 
    
 [*] 
   
 [*]  
 
 51 
    
   OMAHA NE  
    
 OMA 
    
 [*] 
   
 [*]  
 
 52 
    
   ONTARIO CA  
    
 ONT 
    
 [*] 
   
 [*]  
 
 53 
    
   ORLANDO FL  
    
 MCO 
    
 [*] 
   
 [*]  
 
 54 
    
   PHILADELPHIA PA  
    
 PHL 
    
 [*] 
   
 [*]  
 
 55 
    
   PHOENIX AZ  
    
 PHX 
    
 [*] 
   
 [*]  
 
 56 
    
   PITTSBURGH PA  
    
 PIT 
    
 [*] 
   
 [*]  
 
 57 
    
   PORTLAND OR  
    
 PDX 
    
 [*] 
   
 [*]  
 
 58 
    
   QUAD CITIES IL  
    
 MLI 
    
 [*] 
   
 [*]  
 
 59 
    
   RALEIGH NC  
    
 RDU 
    
 [*] 
   
 [*]  
 
 60 
    
   RENO NV  
    
 RNO 
    
 [*] 
   
 [*]  
 
 61 
    
   RICHMOND VA  
    
 RIC 
    
 [*] 
   
 [*]  
 
 62 
    
   ROCHESTER NY  
    
 ROC 
    
 [*] 
   
 [*]  
 
 63 
    
   SACRAMENTO CA  
    
 SMF 
    
 [*] 
   
 [*]  
 
 64 
    
   SALT LAKE CITY UT  
    
 SLC 
    
 [*] 
   
 [*]  
 
 65 
    
   SAN ANTONIO TX  
    
 SAT 
    
 [*] 
   
 [*]  
 
 66 
    
   SAN DIEGO CA  
    
 SAN 
    
 [*] 
   
 [*]  
 
 67 
    
   SAN FRANCISCO CA  
    
 SFO 
    
 [*] 
   
 [*]  
 
 68 
    
   SAN JUAN PR  
    
 SJU 
    
 [*] 
   
 [*]  
 
 69 
    
   SEATTLE WA  
    
 SEA 
    
 [*] 
   
 [*]  
 
 70 
    
   SHREVEPORT LA  
    
 SHV 
    
 [*] 
   
 [*]  
 
 71 
    
   SIOUX FALLS SD  
    
 FSD 
    
 [*] 
   
 [*]  
 
 72 
    
   SPOKANE WA  
    
 GEG 
    
 [*] 
   
 [*]  
 
 73 
    
   SPRINGFIELD MA  
    
 BDL 
    
 [*] 
   
 [*]  
 
 74 
    
   SPRINGFIELD MO  
    
 SGF 
    
 [*] 
   
 [*]  

Originating Operation   

Air Cargo Network  
  Origin City   
    
  Service   Point  
    
  ALL Mail Due   Aviation Supplier   Tuesday through Saturday  
   
  ALL Mail Due   Aviation Supplier   Sunday   
 
 75 
    
   SPRINGFIELD IL  
    
 SPI 
    
 [*] 
   
 [*]  
 
 76 
    
   ST. LOUIS MO  
    
 STL 
    
 [*] 
   
 [*]  
 
 77 
    
   TAMPA FL  
    
 TPA 
    
 [*] 
   
 [*]  
 
 78 
    
   TUCSON AZ  
    
 TUS 
    
 [*] 
   
 [*]  
 
 79 
    
   TULSA OK  
    
 TUL 
    
 [*] 
   
 [*]  
 
 80 
    
   WICHITA KS  
    
 ICT 
    
 [*] 
   
 [*]  

* 
 All mail is delivered on Sunday at 07:00. The offshore locations have additional time.      [*]  

** 
 75% of the volume capture will be delivered on Day Zero with the balance delivered on Day +1      [*]  

* 
 Blank spaces contained confidential information which has been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to Rule  24b-2  under the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, as amended.    

Air Cargo Network   
  Contract ACN-13-FX   
  Attachment 3: Operating Plan, Day Network   
  Exercised Option 1, 2, and 3   
  Attachment 3      Operating
Plan, Day Network      October 31, 2016   
  Tuesday through Sunday       

Destinating Operation    

Air Cargo Network  
  Destination City   
    
    Service  
  Point   
    
  Required   Delivery Time to Postal Service   Tuesday   Friday  
   
  Required   Delivery Time to Postal Service   Saturday  
   
  Required   Delivery Time to Postal Service   Sunday   

1 
    
 ALBUQUERQUE NM 
    
 ABQ 
    
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*]  
 
 2 
    
 ANCHORAGE AK 
    
 ANC 
    
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*]  
 
 3 
    
 ATLANTA GA 
    
 ATL 
    
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*]  
 
 4 
    
 AUSTIN TX 
    
 AUS 
    
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*]  
 
 5 
    
 BALTIMORE MD 
    
 BWI 
    
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*]  
 
 6 
    
 BILLINGS MT 
    
 BIL 
    
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*]  
 
 7 
    
 BIRMINGHAM AL 
    
 BHM 
    
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*]  
 
 8 
    
 BOISE ID 
    
 BOI 
    
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*]  
 
 9 
    
 BOSTON MA 
    
 BOS 
    
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*]  
 
 10 
    
 CHARLESTON WV 
    
 CRW 
    
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*]  
 
 11 
    
 CHARLOTTE NC 
    
 CLT 
    
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*]  
 
 12 
    
 CHICAGO IL 
    
 ORD 
    
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*]  
 
 13 
    
 CINCINNATI OH 
    
 CVG 
    
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*]  
 
 14 
    
 CLEVELAND OH 
    
 CLE 
    
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*]  
 
 15 
    
 COLUMBUS OH 
    
 CMH 
    
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*]  
 
 16 
    
 DALLAS TX 
    
 DFW 
    
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*]  
 
 17 
    
 DENVER CO 
    
 DEN 
    
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*]  
 
 18 
    
 DES MOINES IA 
    
 DSM 
    
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*]  
 
 19 
    
 DETROIT MI 
    
 DTW 
    
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*]  
 
 20 
    
 DULLES VA 
    
 IAD 
    
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*]  
 
 21 
    
 EL PASO TX 
    
 ELP 
    
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*]  
 
 22 
    
 FARGO ND P DC 
    
 FAR 
    
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*]  
 
 23 
    
 GRAND RAPIDS MI 
    
 GRR 
    
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*]  
 
 24 
    
 GREAT FALLS MT 
    
 GTF 
    
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*]  
 
 25 
    
 GREENSBORO NC 
    
 GSO 
    
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*]  
 
 26 
    
 HONOLULU HI 
    
 *HNL 
    
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*]  
 
 27 
    
 HOUSTON TX 
    
 IAH 
    
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*]  
 
 28 
    
 INDIANAPOLIS IN 
    
 IND 
    
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*]  
 
 29 
    
 JACKSON MS 
    
 JAN 
    
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*]  
 
 30 
    
 JACKSONVILLE FL 
    
 JAX 
    
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*]  
 
 31 
    
 KANSAS CITY MO 
    
 MCI 
    
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*]  
 
 32 
    
 KNOXVILLE TN 
    
 TYS 
    
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*]  
 
 33 
    
 LAS VEGAS NV 
    
 LAS 
    
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*]  
 
 34 
    
 LITTLE ROCK AR 
    
 LIT 
    
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*]       

* 
 Blank spaces contained confidential information which has been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to Rule 24b-2 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

Air Cargo Network   
  Contract ACN-13-FX   
  Attachment 3: Operating Plan, Day Network       

Destinating Operation    

Air Cargo Network  
  Destination City   
    
    Service  
  Point   
    
  Required   Delivery Time to Postal Service   Tuesday   Friday  
   
  Required   Delivery Time to Postal Service   Saturday  
   
  Required   Delivery Time to Postal Service   Sunday   

35 
    
 LOS ANGELES CA 
    
 LAX 
    
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*]  
 
 36 
    
 LOUISVILLE KY 
    
 SDF 
    
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*]  
 
 37 
    
 LUBBOCK TX 
    
 LBB 
    
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*]  
 
 38 
    
 MEMPHIS TN 
    
 MEM 
    
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*]  
 
 39 
    
 MIAMI FL 
    
 MIA 
    
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*]  
 
 40 
    
 MILWAUKEE WI 
    
 MKE 
    
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*]  
 
 41 
    
 MINNEAPOLIS MN 
    
 MSP 
    
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*]  
 
 42 
    
 MOBILE AL 
    
 BFM 
    
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*]  
 
 43 
    
 NASHUA NH 
    
 MHT 
    
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*]  
 
 44 
    
 NASHVILLE TN 
    
 BNA 
    
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*]  
 
 45 
    
 NEW ORLEANS LA 
    
 MSY 
    
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*]  
 
 46 
    
 NEWARK NJ 
    
 EWR 
    
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*]  
 
 47 
    
 NORFOLK VA 
    
 ORF 
    
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*]  
 
 48 
    
 NY METRO 
    
 JFK 
    
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*]  
 
 49 
    
 OAKLAND CA 
    
 OAK 
    
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*]  
 
 50 
    
 OKLAHOMA CITY OK 
    
 OKC 
    
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*]  
 
 51 
    
 OMAHA NE 
    
 OMA 
    
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*]  
 
 52 
    
 ONTARIO CA 
    
 ONT 
    
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*]  
 
 53 
    
 ORLANDO FL 
    
 MCO 
    
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*]  
 
 54 
    
 PHILADELPHIA PA 
    
 PHL 
    
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*]  
 
 55 
    
 PHOENIX AZ 
    
 PHX 
    
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*]  
 
 56 
    
 PITTSBURGH PA 
    
 PIT 
    
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*]  
 
 57 
    
 PORTLAND OR 
    
 PDX 
    
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*]  
 
 58 
    
 QUAD CITIES IL 
    
 MLI 
    
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*]  
 
 59 
    
 RALEIGH NC 
    
 RDU 
    
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*]  
 
 60 
    
 RENO NV 
    
 RNO 
    
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*]  
 
 61 
    
 RICHMOND VA 
    
 RIC 
    
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*]  
 
 62 
    
 ROCHESTER 
    
 ROC 
    
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*]  
 
 63 
    
 SACRAMENTO CA 
    
 SMF 
    
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*]  
 
 64 
    
 SALT LAKE CITY 
    
 SLC 
    
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*]  
 
 65 
    
 SAN ANTONIO 
    
 SAT 
    
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*]  
 
 66 
    
 SAN DIEGO 
    
 SAN 
    
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*]  
 
 67 
    
 SAN FRANCISCO CA 
    
 SFO 
    
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*]  
 
 68 
    
 SAN JUAN PR** 
    
 * SJU 
    
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*]  
 
 69 
    
 SEATTLE WA 
    
 SEA 
    
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*]  
 
 70 
    
 SHREVEPORT LA 
    
 SHV 
    
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*]  
 
 71 
    
 SIOUX FALLS SD 
    
 FSD 
    
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*]  
 
 72 
    
 SPOKANE WA 
    
 GEG 
    
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*]  
 
 73 
    
 SPRINGFIELD MA 
    
 BDL 
    
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*]  
 
 74 
    
 SPRINGFIELD MO 
    
 SGF 
    
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*]  
 
 75 
    
 SPRINGFIELD IL 
    
 SPI 
    
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*]       

* 
 Blank spaces contained confidential information which has been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to Rule 24b-2 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

Air Cargo Network   
  Contract ACN-13-FX   
  Attachment 3: Operating Plan, Day Network       

Destinating Operation    

Air Cargo Network  
  Destination City   
    
    Service  
  Point   
    
  Required   Delivery Time to Postal Service   Tuesday   Friday  
   
  Required   Delivery Time to Postal Service   Saturday  
   
  Required   Delivery Time to Postal Service   Sunday   

76 
    
 ST. LOUIS MO 
    
 STL 
    
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*]  
 
 77 
    
 TAMPA FL 
    
 TPA 
    
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*]  
 
 78 
    
 TUCSON AZ 
    
 *TUS 
    
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*]  
 
 79 
    
 TULSA OK 
    
 TUL 
    
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*]  
 
 80 
    
 WICHITA KS 
    
 ICT 
    
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*]  

* 
 All mail is delivered on Sunday at 07:00. The offshore locations have additional time.      [*]  
 ** 75% of the volume capture will be delivered on Day Zero with the balance delivered on Day +1  
 [*]    [*]  
 [*]      

* 
 Blank spaces contained confidential information which has been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to Rule 24b-2 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

Exercised Option 1, 2 and 3   
  Attachment 3      Operating Plan, Day
Network        31-Oct-16     
 Tender and Delivery Process Codes      

A 
    
 Postal Service Builds ULDs 
    
 F 
    
 Aviation Supplier Unloads ULD into MTE  
 
 B 
    
 Postal Service Transports ULDs to Ramp 
    
 G 
    
 Aviation Supplier Builds ULDs  
 
 C 
    
 Postal Service Tenders in MTE 
    
 H 
    
 Aviation Supplier Delivers ULDs to Ramp  
 
 D 
    
 Postal Service Picks Up MTE 
    
 I 
    
 Aviation Supplier Picks Up ULDs from Plant  
 
 E 
    
 Postal Service Deck loads 
    
 J 
    
 Aviation Supplier Delivers ULDs to Plant  
 
 K 
    
 Aviation Supplier Deck Loads 

Air Cargo Network City   
    
  Service Point  
    
  Tender Code  
    
  Delivery Code   

1 
    
 ALBUQUERQUE NM 
    
 ABQ 
    
 A , B 
    
 H  
 
 2 
    
 ANCHORAGE AK 
    
 ANC 
    
 A , B 
    
 H  
 
 3 
    
 ATLANTA GA 
    
 ATL 
    
 A , B 
    
 H  
 
 4 
    
 AUSTIN TX 
    
 AUS 
    
 A , B 
    
 H  
 
 5 
    
 BALTIMORE MD 
    
 BWI 
    
 A , B 
    
 H  
 
 6 
    
 BILLINGS MT 
    
 BIL 
    
 A , B 
    
 H  
 
 7 
    
 BIRMINGHAM AL 
    
 BHM 
    
 E 
    
 K  
 
 8 
    
 BOISE ID 
    
 BOI 
    
 A , B 
    
 H  
 
 9 
    
 BOSTON MA 
    
 BOS 
    
 A , B 
    
 H  
 
 10 
    
 CHARLESTON WV 
    
 CRW 
    
 A , B 
    
 H  
 
 11 
    
 CHARLOTTE NC 
    
 CLT 
    
 A , B 
    
 H  
 
 12 
    
 CHICAGO IL 
    
 ORD 
    
 A , B 
    
 H  
 
 13 
    
 CINCINNATI OH 
    
 CVG 
    
 A , B 
    
 H  
 
 14 
    
 CLEVELAND OH 
    
 CLE 
    
 A , B 
    
 H  
 
 15 
    
 COLUMBUS OH 
    
 CMH 
    
 A , B 
    
 H  
 
 16 
    
 DALLAS TX 
    
 DFW 
    
 A , B 
    
 H  
 
 17 
    
 DENVER CO 
    
 DEN 
    
 A , B 
    
 H  
 
 18 
    
 DES MOINES IA 
    
 DSM 
    
 A , B 
    
 H  
 
 19 
    
 DETROIT MI 
    
 DTW 
    
 A , B 
    
 H  
 
 20 
    
 DULLES VA 
    
 IAD 
    
 A , B 
    
 H  
 
 21 
    
 EL PASO TX 
    
 ELP 
    
 A , B 
    
 H  
 
 22 
    
 FARGO ND 
    
 FAR 
    
 A , B 
    
 H  
 
 23 
    
 GRAND RAPIDS MI 
    
 GRR 
    
 A , B 
    
 H  
 
 24 
    
 GREAT FALLS MT 
    
 GTF 
    
 A , B 
    
 Origin Only  
 
 25 
    
 GREENSBORO NC 
    
 GSO 
    
 A , B 
    
 H  
 
 26 
    
 HONOLULU HI 
    
 HNL 
    
 A , B 
    
 H  
 
 27 
    
 HOUSTON TX 
    
 IAH 
    
 A , B 
    
 H  
 
 28 
    
 INDIANAPOLIS IN 
    
 IND 
    
 A , B 
    
 H  
 
 29 
    
 JACKSON MS 
    
 JAN 
    
 E 
    
 K  
 
 30 
    
 JACKSONVILLE FL 
    
 JAX 
    
 A , B 
    
 H  
 
 31 
    
 KANSAS CITY MO 
    
 MCI 
    
 A , B 
    
 H  
 
 32 
    
 KNOXVILLE TN 
    
 TYS 
    
 A , B 
    
 H  
 
 33 
    
 LAS VEGAS NV 
    
 LAS 
    
 A , B 
    
 H  
 
 34 
    
 LITTLE ROCK AR 
    
 LIT 
    
 E 
    
 K  
 
 35 
    
 LOS ANGELES CA 
    
 LAX 
    
 A , B 
    
 H  
 
 36 
    
 LOUISVILLE KY 
    
 SDF 
    
 A , B 
    
 H  
 
 37 
    
 LUBBOCK TX 
    
 LBB 
    
 A , B 
    
 H  
 
 38 
    
 MEMPHIS TN 
    
 MEM 
    
 E 
    
 K  
 
 39 
    
 MIAMI FL 
    
 MIA 
    
 A , B 
    
 H  
 
 40 
    
 MILWAUKEE WI 
    
 MKE 
    
 A , B 
    
 H  
 
 41 
    
 MINNEAPOLIS MN 
    
 MSP 
    
 A , B 
    
 H  
 
 42 
    
 MOBILE AL 
    
 MOB 
    
 A , B 
    
 H  
 
 43 
    
 NASHUA NH 
    
 MHT 
    
 A , I 
    
 J  
 
 44 
    
 NASHVILLE TN 
    
 BNA 
    
 E 
    
 K  
 
 45 
    
 NEW ORLEANS LA 
    
 MSY 
    
 A , B 
    
 H  
 
 46 
    
 NEWARK NJ 
    
 EWR 
    
 A , B 
    
 H  
 
 47 
    
 NORFOLK VA 
    
 ORF 
    
 A , B 
    
 H  
 
 48 
    
 NY METRO 
    
 JFK 
    
 A , I 
    
 J  
 
 49 
    
 OAKLAND CA 
    
 OAK 
    
 A , B 
    
 H  
 
 50 
    
 OKLAHOMA CITY OK 
    
 OKC 
    
 A , B 
    
 H  
 
 51 
    
 OMAHA NE 
    
 OMA 
    
 A , B 
    
 H  
 
 52 
    
 ONTARIO CA 
    
 ONT 
    
 A , B 
    
 H  
 
 53 
    
 ORLANDO FL 
    
 MCO 
    
 A , B 
    
 H  
 
 54 
    
 PHILADELPHIA PA 
    
 PHL 
    
 A , B 
    
 H  
 
 55 
    
 PHOENIX AZ 
    
 PHX 
    
 A , B 
    
 H  
 
 56 
    
 PITTSBURGH PA 
    
 PIT 
    
 A , B 
    
 H  
 
 57 
    
 PORTLAND OR 
    
 PDX 
    
 A , B 
    
 H  
 
 58 
    
 QUAD CITIES IL 
    
 MLI 
    
 E 
    
 Origin Only  
 
 59 
    
 RALEIGH NC 
    
 RDU 
    
 A , B 
    
 H  
 
 60 
    
 RENO NV 
    
 RNO 
    
 A , B 
    
 H  
 
 61 
    
 RICHMOND VA 
    
 RIC 
    
 A , B 
    
 H  
 
 62 
    
 ROCHESTER NY 
    
 ROC 
    
 A , I 
    
 J  
 
 63 
    
 SACRAMENTO CA 
    
 SMF 
    
 A , B 
    
 H  
 
 64 
    
 SALT LAKE CITY 
    
 SLC 
    
 A , B 
    
 H  
 
 65 
    
 SAN ANTONIO TX 
    
 SAT 
    
 A , B 
    
 H  
 
 66 
    
 SAN DIEGO CA 
    
 SAN 
    
 A , B 
    
 H  
 
 67 
    
 SAN FRANCISCO CA 
    
 SFO 
    
 A , B 
    
 H  
 
 68 
    
 SAN JUAN PR 
    
 SJU 
    
 A , B 
    
 H  
 
 69 
    
 SEATTLE WA 
    
 SEA 
    
 A , B 
    
 H  
 
 70 
    
 SHREVEPORT LA 
    
 SHV 
    
 A , B 
    
 H  
 
 71 
    
 SIOUX FALLS SD 
    
 FSD 
    
 A , B 
    
 H  
 
 72 
    
 SPOKANE WA 
    
 GEG 
    
 A , B 
    
 H  
 
 73 
    
 SPRINGFIELD MA 
    
 BDL 
    
 A , B 
    
 H  
 
 74 
    
 SPRINGFIELD MO 
    
 SGF 
    
 E 
    
 Origin Only  
 
 75 
    
 SPRINGFIELD IL 
    
 SPI 
    
 E 
    
 Origin Only  
 
 76 
    
 ST. LOUIS MO 
    
 STL 
    
 E 
    
 K  
 
 77 
    
 TAMPA FL 
    
 TPA 
    
 A , B 
    
 H  
 
 78 
    
 TUCSON AZ 
    
 TUS 
    
 A , B 
    
 H  
 
 79 
    
 TULSA OK 
    
 TUL 
    
 A , B 
    
 H  
 
 80 
    
 WICHITA KS 
    
 ICT 
    
 A , B 
    
 H  

Exercised Option 1, 2 and 3   
  Attachment 4      Operating
Plan, Night Network        31-Oct-16     

Originating Operations  
    
  Destinating Operations   

Air Cargo Network City   
    
  Service   Point  
   
  ALL Mail Due Aviation   Supplier   Monday - Friday  
    
    Required Delivery Time to Postal Service  
  Tuesday - Friday   
    
  Required Delivery Time   to Postal Service   Saturday   

1  
    
 ALBANY NY 
    
 ALB 
   
 [*] 
    
 [*] 
    
 [*]  
 
   2  
    
 ALBUQUERQUE NM 
    
 ABQ 
   
 [*] 
    
 [*] 
    
 [*]  
 
   3  
    
 ALLENTOWN PA 
    
 ABE 
   
 [*] 
    
 [*] 
    
 [*]  
 
   4  
    
 ANCHORAGE AK 
    
 ANC 
   
 [*] 
    
 [*] 
    
 [*]  
 
   5  
    
 AMARILLO TX 
    
 AMA 
   
 [*] 
    
 [*] 
    
 [*]  
 
   6  
    
 APPLETON WI 
    
 ATW 
   
 [*] 
    
 [*] 
    
 [*]  
 
   7  
    
 ATLANTA GA 
    
 ATL 
   
 [*] 
    
 [*] 
    
 [*]  
 
   8  
    
 AUSTIN TX 
    
 AUS 
   
 [*] 
    
 [*] 
    
 [*]  
 
   9  
    
 BALTIMORE MD 
    
 BWI 
   
 [*] 
    
 [*] 
    
 [*]  
 
   10  
    
 BANGOR ME 
    
 BGR 
   
 [*] 
    
 [*] 
    
 [*]  
 
   11  
    
 BATON ROUGE LA 
    
 LFT / MSY 
   
 [*] 
    
 [*] 
    
 [*]  
 
   12  
    
 BEND OR 
    
 RDM 
   
 [*] 
    
 [*] 
    
 [*]  
 
   13  
    
 BILLINGS MT 
    
 BIL 
   
 [*] 
    
 [*] 
    
 [*]  
 
   14  
    
 BIRMINGHAM AL 
    
 BHM 
   
 [*] 
    
 [*] 
    
 [*]  
 
   15  
    
 BISMARK ND 
    
 BIS 
   
 [*] 
    
 [*] 
    
 [*]  
 
   16  
    
 BOISE ID 
    
 BOI 
   
 [*] 
    
 [*] 
    
 [*]  
 
   17  
    
 BOSTON MA 
    
 BOS 
   
 [*] 
    
 [*] 
    
 [*]  
 
   18  
    
 BOZEMAN MT 
    
 BZN 
   
 [*] 
    
 [*] 
    
 [*]  
 
   19  
    
 BRISTOL TN / VA 
    
 TRI 
   
 [*] 
    
 [*] 
    
 [*]  
 
   20  
    
 BUFFALO NY 
    
 BUF 
   
 [*] 
    
 [*] 
    
 [*]  
 
   21  
    
 BURBANK CA 
    
 BUR 
   
 [*] 
    
 [*] 
    
 [*]  
 
   22  
    
 BURLINGTON VT 
    
 BTV 
   
 [*] 
    
 [*] 
    
 [*]  
 
   23  
    
 BUTTE MT 
    
 BTM 
   
 [*] 
    
 [*] 
    
 [*]  
 
   24  
    
 CASPER WY 
    
 CPR 
   
 [*] 
    
 [*] 
    
 [*]  
 
   25  
    
 CEDAR RAPIDS IA 
    
 CID 
   
 [*] 
    
 [*] 
    
 [*]  
 
   26  
    
 CHARLESTON WV 
    
 HTS 
   
 [*] 
    
 [*] 
    
 [*]  
 
   27  
    
 CHARLOTTE NC 
    
 CLT 
   
 [*] 
    
 [*] 
    
 [*]  
 
   28  
    
 CHATTANOOGA TN 
    
 CHA 
   
 [*] 
    
 [*] 
    
 [*]  
 
   29  
    
 CHEYENNE WY 
    
 CYS 
   
 [*] 
    
 [*] 
    
 [*]  
 
   30  
    
 CHICAGO IL (O Hare) 
    
 ORD 
   
 [*] 
    
 [*] 
    
 [*]  
 
   31  
    
 CINCINNATI OH 
    
 CVG 
   
 [*] 
    
 [*] 
    
 [*]  
 
   32  
    
 CLEVELAND OH 
    
 CLE 
   
 [*] 
    
 [*] 
    
 [*]  
 
   33  
    
 COLORADO SPRINGS CO 
    
 COS 
   
 [*] 
    
 [*] 
    
 [*]  

Originating Operations  
    
  Destinating Operations   

Air Cargo Network City   
    
  Service   Point  
   
  ALL Mail Due Aviation   Supplier   Monday - Friday  
    
    Required Delivery Time to  
  Postal Service  
  Tuesday - Friday   
    
  Required Delivery Time   to Postal Service   Saturday   
 
   34  
    
 COLUMBIA SC 
    
 CAE 
   
 [*] 
    
 [*] 
    
 [*]  
 
   35  
    
 COLUMBUS OH 
    
 CMH 
   
 [*] 
    
 [*] 
    
 [*]  
 
   36  
    
 DALLAS TX 
    
 DFW 
   
 [*] 
    
 [*] 
    
 [*]  
 
   37  
    
 DAYTON OH 
    
 DAY 
   
 [*] 
    
 [*] 
    
 [*]  
 
   38  
    
 DENVER CO 
    
 DEN 
   
 [*] 
    
 [*] 
    
 [*]  
 
   39  
    
 DES MOINES IA 
    
 DSM 
   
 [*] 
    
 [*] 
    
 [*]  
 
   40  
    
 DETROIT MI 
    
 DTW 
   
 [*] 
    
 [*] 
    
 [*]  
 
   41  
    
 DULLES VA 
    
 IAD 
   
 [*] 
    
 [*] 
    
 [*]  
 
   42  
    
 DULUTH MN 
    
 DLH 
   
 [*] 
    
 [*] 
    
 [*]  
 
   43  
    
 DURANGO CO 
    
 DRO 
   
 [*] 
    
 [*] 
    
 [*]  
 
   44  
    
 EL PASO TX 
    
 ELP 
   
 [*] 
    
 [*] 
    
 [*]  
 
   45  
    
 ELMIRA NY 
    
 ELM 
   
 [*] 
    
 [*] 
    
 [*]  
 
   46  
    
 EUGENE OR 
    
 EUG 
   
 [*] 
    
 [*] 
    
 [*]  
 
   47  
    
 FAIRBANKS AK 
    
 FAI 
   
 [*] 
    
 [*] 
    
 [*]  
 
   48  
    
 FLINT MI 
    
 FNT 
   
 [*] 
    
 [*] 
    
 [*]  
 
   49  
    
 FORT MYERS FL 
    
 RSW 
   
 [*] 
    
 [*] 
    
 [*]  
 
   50  
    
 FORT WAYNE IN 
    
 FWA 
   
 [*] 
    
 [*] 
    
 [*]  
 
   51  
    
 FRESNO CA 
    
 FAT 
   
 [*] 
    
 [*] 
    
 [*]  
 
   52  
    
 FT LAUDERDALE FL 
    
 FLL 
   
 [*] 
    
 [*] 
    
 [*]  
 
   53  
    
 FARGO ND 
    
 FAR 
   
 [*] 
    
 [*] 
    
 [*]  
 
   54  
    
 GRAND JUNCTION CO 
    
 GJT 
   
 [*] 
    
 [*] 
    
 [*]  
 
   55  
    
 GRAND RAPIDS MI 
    
 GRR 
   
 [*] 
    
 [*] 
    
 [*]  
 
   56  
    
 GREAT FALLS MT 
    
 GTF 
   
 [*] 
    
 [*] 
    
 [*]  
 
   57  
    
 GREENSBORO NC 
    
 GSO 
   
 [*] 
    
 [*] 
    
 [*]  
 
   58  
    
 GREENVILLE SC 
    
 GSP 
   
 [*] 
    
 [*] 
    
 [*]  
 
   59  
    
 HARRISBURG PA 
    
 MDT 
   
 [*] 
    
 [*] 
    
 [*]  
 
   60  
    
 HARTFORD CT 
    
 BDL 
   
 [*] 
    
 [*] 
    
 [*]  
 
   61  
    
 HELENA MT 
    
 HLN 
   
 [*] 
    
 [*] 
    
 [*]  
 
   62  
    
 HONOLULU HI 
    
 HNL 
   
 [*] 
    
 [*] 
    
 [*]  
 
   63  
    
 HOUSTON TX 
    
 IAH 
   
 [*] 
    
 [*] 
    
 [*]  
 
   64  
    
 HUNTSVILLE AL 
    
 HSV 
   
 [*] 
    
 [*] 
    
 [*]  
 
   65  
    
 INDIANAPOLIS IN 
    
 IND 
   
 [*] 
    
 [*] 
    
 [*]  
 
   66  
    
 JACKSON MS 
    
 JAN 
   
 [*] 
    
 [*] 
    
 [*]  
 
   67  
    
 JACKSONVILLE FL 
    
 JAX 
   
 [*] 
    
 [*] 
    
 [*]  
 
   68  
    
 JFK NY 
    
 JFK 
   
 [*] 
    
 [*] 
    
 [*]  
 
   69  
    
 KALISPELL MT 
    
 FCA 
   
 [*] 
    
 [*] 
    
 [*]  
 
   70  
    
 KANSAS CITY MO 
    
 MCI 
   
 [*] 
    
 [*] 
    
 [*]  
 
   71  
    
 KNOXVILLE TN 
    
 TYS 
   
 [*] 
    
 [*] 
    
 [*]  
 
   72  
    
 LAS VEGAS NV 
    
 LAS 
   
 [*] 
    
 [*] 
    
 [*]  

* 
 Blank spaces contained confidential information which has been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to Rule  24b-2  under the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, as amended.    

* 
 Blank spaces contained confidential information which has been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to Rule  24b-2  under the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, as amended.    

Exercised Option 1, 2 and 3   
  Attachment 4      Operating
Plan, Night Network        31-Oct-16     
 Tender and Delivery Process Codes      

A 
 Postal Service Builds ULDs    

B 
 Postal Service Transports ULDs to Ramp    

C 
 Postal Service Transports Loose Volume to and from Aviation Supplier Location other than Airport Ramp    

D 
 Postal Service Transports Loose Volumes to and from Aviation Supplier Ramp    

E 
 Aviation Supplier Picks Up ULDs    

F 
 Aviation Supplier Delivers in ULDs    

G 
 Aviation Supplier Delivers Volume Loose to a Postal Service Designated Location        

Air Cargo Network City   
    
  Service Point  
    
  Tender Code  
    
  Delivery Code   

1 
    
 ALBANY NY 
    
 ALB 
    
 D 
    
 D  
 
 2 
    
 ALBURQUERQUE NM 
    
 ABQ 
    
 D 
    
 D  
 
 3 
    
 ALLENTOWN PA 
    
 ABE 
    
 D 
    
 Origin Only  
 
 4 
    
 AMARILLO TX 
    
 AMA 
    
 D 
    
 Origin Only  
 
 5 
    
 ANCHORAGE AK 
    
 ANC 
    
 D 
    
 D  
 
 6 
    
 APPLETON WI 
    
 ATW 
    
 D 
    
 D  
 
 7 
    
 ATLANTA GA 
    
 ATL 
    
 E 
    
 D  
 
 8 
    
 AUSTIN (Air Stop) TX 
    
 AUS 
    
 D 
    
 D  
 
 9 
    
 BALTIMORE MD 
    
 BWI 
    
 D 
    
 D  
 
 10 
    
 BANGOR ME 
    
 BGR 
    
 D 
    
 D  
 
 11 
    
 BATON ROUGE LA 
    
 BTR 
    
 D 
    
 D  
 
 12 
    
 BEND OR 
    
 RDM 
    
 D 
    
 Origin Only  
 
 13 
    
 BILLINGS MT 
    
 BIL 
    
 D 
    
 D  
 
 14 
    
 BIRMINGHAM AL 
    
 BHM 
    
 D 
    
 D  
 
 15 
    
 BISMARK ND 
    
 BIS 
    
 D 
    
 Origin Only  
 
 16 
    
 BOISE ID 
    
 BOI 
    
 E 
    
 F  
 
 17 
    
 BOSTON MA 
    
 BOS 
    
 D 
    
 D  
 
 18 
    
 BOZEMAN MT 
    
 BZN 
    
 D 
    
 Origin Only  
 
 19 
    
 BRISTOL TN / VA 
    
 TRI 
    
 D 
    
 Origin Only  
 
 20 
    
 BUFFALO NY 
    
 BUF 
    
 D 
    
 D  
 
 21 
    
 BURBANK CA 
    
 BUR 
    
 D 
    
 D  
 
 22 
    
 BURLINGTON VT 
    
 BTV 
    
 D 
    
 D  
 
 23 
    
 BUTTE MT 
    
 BTM 
    
 D 
    
 Origin Only  
 
 24 
    
 CASPER WY 
    
 CPR 
    
 D 
    
 Origin Only  
 
 25 
    
 CEDAR RAPIDS IA 
    
 CID 
    
 D 
    
 D  
 
 26 
    
 CHARLESTON WV 
    
 CRW 
    
 D 
    
 D  
 
 27 
    
 CHARLOTTE NC 
    
 CLT 
    
 D 
    
 D  
 
 28 
    
 CHATTANOOGA P DC TN 
    
 CHA 
    
 D 
    
 D  
 
 29 
    
 CHEYENNE WY 
    
 CYS 
    
 D 
    
 Origin Only  
 
 30 
    
 CHICAGO IL 
    
 ORD 
    
 D 
    
 D  
 
 31 
    
 CINCINNATI OH 
    
 CVG 
    
 D 
    
 D  
 
 32 
    
 CLEVELAND OH 
    
 CLE 
    
 D 
    
 D  
 
 33 
    
 COLORADO SPRINGS CO 
    
 COS 
    
 D 
    
 D  
 
 34 
    
 COLUMBIA SC 
    
 CAE 
    
 D 
    
 D  
 
 35 
    
 COLUMBUS OH 
    
 CMH 
    
 D 
    
 D  
 
 36 
    
 DALLAS TX 
    
 DFW 
    
 D 
    
 D  
 
 37 
    
 DAYTON OH 
    
 DAY 
    
 D 
    
 D  
 
 38 
    
 DENVER CO 
    
 DEN 
    
 D 
    
 D  
 
 39 
    
 DES MOINES IA 
    
 DSM 
    
 D 
    
 D  
 
 40 
    
 DETROIT MI 
    
 DTW 
    
 D 
    
 D  
 
 41 
    
 DULLES VA 
    
 IAD 
    
 D 
    
 D  
 
 42 
    
 DULUTH MN 
    
 DLH 
    
 D 
    
 D  
 
 43 
    
 DURANGO CO 
    
 DRO 
    
 D 
    
 Origin Only  
 
 44 
    
 EL PASO TX 
    
 ELP 
    
 D 
    
 D  
 
 45 
    
 ELM NY 
    
 ELM 
    
 D 
    
 D  
 
 46 
    
 EUGENE OR 
    
 EUG 
    
 D 
    
 Origin Only  
 
 47 
    
 FAIRBANKS AK 
    
 FAI 
    
 D 
    
 Origin Only  
 
 48 
    
 FLINT P DC MI 
    
 FNT 
    
 D 
    
 D  
 
 49 
    
 FORT MYERS P DC FL 
    
 RSW 
    
 E 
    
 F  
 
 50 
    
 FORT WAYNE IN P DC 
    
 FWA 
    
 D 
    
 D  
 
 51 
    
 FRESNO CA 
    
 FAT 
    
 D 
    
 D  
 
 52 
    
 FT LAUDERDALE FL 
    
 FLL 
    
 D 
    
 F  
 
 53 
    
 FARGO ND 
    
 FAR 
    
 D 
    
 D  
 
 54 
    
 GRAND JUNCTION CO 
    
 GJT 
    
 D 
    
 Origin Only  
 
 55 
    
 GRAND RAPIDS MI 
    
 GRR 
    
 D 
    
 D  
 
 56 
    
 GREAT FALLS MT 
    
 GTF 
    
 D 
    
 D  
 
 57 
    
 GREENSBORO NC 
    
 GSO 
    
 D 
    
 D  
 
 58 
    
 GREENVILLE SC 
    
 GSP 
    
 D 
    
 D  
 
 59 
    
 HARRISBURG PA 
    
 MDT 
    
 D 
    
 D  
 
 60 
    
 HARTFORD CT 
    
 BDL 
    
 D 
    
 D  
 
 61 
    
 HELENA MT 
    
 HLN 
    
 D 
    
 Origin Only  
 
 62 
    
 HONOLULU HI 
    
 HNL 
    
 D 
    
 D  
 
 63 
    
 HOUSTON TX 
    
 IAH 
    
 D 
    
 D  
 
 64 
    
 HUNTSVILLE P DF AL 
    
 HSV 
    
 D 
    
 D  
 
 65 
    
 INDIANAPOLIS IN 
    
 IND 
    
 D 
    
 D  
 
 66 
    
 JACKSON MS 
    
 JAN 
    
 C 
    
 C  
 
 67 
    
 JACKSONVILLE FL 
    
 JAX 
    
 E 
    
 F  
 
 68 
    
 JFK NY 
    
 JFK 
    
 BD 
    
 D  
 
 69 
    
 KALISPELL MT 
    
 FCA 
    
 D 
    
 Origin Only  
 
 70 
    
 KANSAS CITY MO 
    
 MCI 
    
 D 
    
 D  
 
 71 
    
 KNOXVILLE TN 
    
 TYS 
    
 D 
    
 D  
 
 72 
    
 LAS VEGAS NV 
    
 LAS 
    
 D 
    
 D  
 
 73 
    
 LITTLE ROCK AR 
    
 LIT 
    
 C 
    
 C   

Attachment 13   
  Service Contract Act Wage Determinations   
    31-Oct-16     
 [*]      

* 
 Blank spaces contained confidential information which has been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to Rule  24b-2  under the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, as amended.    

Attachment 18   
  Volume Acceptance Worksheet   
    31-Oct-16     

TW ORIGIN FORECAST COMPARISON  
   
  RF  
   
  Sat  
   
  Sun   
 
    Location Type   
   
  Market  
   
  DJan15Ori   gSub.xls Forecast CU FT  
   
  Percent of Total Volume  
   
  DJan15Ori   gSub.xls Forecast CU FT  
   
  Percent of Total Volume  
   
  DJan15Ori   gSub.xls Forecast CU FT  
   
  Percent of Total Volume  
   
  DJan15Ori   gSub.xls Forecast CU FT  
   
  Percent of Total Volume   

Orig 
   
 ABQ 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*]  
 
 Orig 
   
 ANC 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*]  
 
 Orig 
   
 ATL 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*]  
 
 Orig 
   
 AUS 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*]  
 
 Orig 
   
 BDL 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*]  
 
 Orig 
   
 BFM 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*]  
 
 Orig 
   
 BHM 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*]  
 
 Orig 
   
 BIL 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*]  
 
 Orig 
   
 BNA 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*]  
 
 Orig 
   
 BOI 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*]  
 
 Orig 
   
 BOS 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*]  
 
 Orig 
   
 BWI 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*]  
 
 Orig 
   
 CLE 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*]  
 
 Orig 
   
 CLT 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*]  
 
 Orig 
   
 CVG 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*]  
 
 Orig 
   
 DEN 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*]  
 
 Orig 
   
 DFW 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*]  
 
 Orig 
   
 DSM 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*]  
 
 Orig 
   
 DTW 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*]  
 
 Orig 
   
 ELP 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*]  
 
 Orig 
   
 EWR 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*]  
 
 Orig 
   
 FSD 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*]  
 
 Orig 
   
 GEG 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*]  
 
 Orig 
   
 FAR 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*]  
 
 Orig 
   
 GRR 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*]  
 
 Orig 
   
 GSO 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*]  
 
 Orig 
   
 GTF 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*]  
 
 Orig 
   
 HNL 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*]  
 
 Orig 
   
 HTS 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*]  
 
 Orig 
   
 IAD 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*]  
 
 Orig 
   
 IAH 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*]  
 
 Orig 
   
 ICT 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*]  
 
 Orig 
   
 IND 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*]  
 
 Orig 
   
 JAN 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*]  
 
 Orig 
   
 JAX 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*]  
 
 Orig 
   
 JFK 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*]  
 
 Orig 
   
 LAS 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*]  
 
 Orig 
   
 LAX 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*]  
 
 Orig 
   
 LBB 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*]  
 
 Orig 
   
 LCK 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*]  
 
 Orig 
   
 LIT 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*]  
 
 Orig 
   
 MCI 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*]  
 
 Orig 
   
 MCO 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*]  
 
 Orig 
   
 MEM 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*]  
 
 Orig 
   
 MHT 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*]  
 
 Orig 
   
 MIA 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*]       

* 
 Blank spaces contained confidential information which has been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to Rule 24b-2 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

Orig 
   
 MKE 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*]  
 
 Orig 
   
 MSP 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*]  
 
 Orig 
   
 MSY 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*]  
 
 Orig 
   
 OAK 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*]  
 
 Orig 
   
 OKC 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*]  
 
 Orig 
   
 OMA 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*]  
 
 Orig 
   
 ONT 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*]  
 
 Orig 
   
 ORD 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*]  
 
 Orig 
   
 ORF 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*]  
 
 Orig 
   
 PDX 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*]  
 
 Orig 
   
 PHL 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*]  
 
 Orig 
   
 PHX 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*]  
 
 Orig 
   
 PIT 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*]  
 
 Orig 
   
 RDU 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*]  
 
 Orig 
   
 RIC 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*]  
 
 Orig 
   
 RNO 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*]  
 
 Orig 
   
 ROC 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*]  
 
 Orig 
   
 SAN 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*]  
 
 Orig 
   
 SAT 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*]  
 
 Orig 
   
 SDF 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*]  
 
 Orig 
   
 SEA 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*]  
 
 Orig 
   
 SFO 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*]  
 
 Orig 
   
 SGF 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*]  
 
 Orig 
   
 SHV 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*]  
 
 Orig 
   
 SJU 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*]  
 
 Orig 
   
 SLC 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*]  
 
 Orig 
   
 SMF 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*]  
 
 Orig 
   
 STL 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*]  
 
 Orig 
   
 TPA 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*]  
 
 Orig 
   
 TUL 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*]  
 
 Orig 
   
 TUS 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*]  
 
 Orig 
   
 TYS 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*]  
 
  Orig  
   
  TOTAL  
   
  [*]  
   
  [*]  
   
  [*]  
   
  [*]  
   
  [*]  
   
  [*]  
   
  [*]  
   
  [*]   

* 
 Blank spaces contained confidential information which has been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to Rule  24b-2  under the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, as amended.    

TW DEST FORECAST COMPARISON  
   
  RF  
   
  Sat  
   
  Sun   
 
    Location Type   
   
  Market  
   
  DJan15Ori   gSub.xls Forecast CU FT  
   
  Percent of Total Volume  
   
  DJan15Ori   gSub.xls Forecast CU FT  
   
  Percent of Total Volume  
   
  DJan15Ori   gSub.xls Forecast CU FT  
   
  % DIFF  
   
  DJan15Ori   gSub.xls Forecast CU FT  
   
  % DIFF   

Dest 
   
 ABQ 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*]  
 
 Dest 
   
 ANC 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*]  
 
 Dest 
   
 ATL 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*]  
 
 Dest 
   
 AUS 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*]  
 
 Dest 
   
 BDL 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*]  
 
 Dest 
   
 BFM 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*]  
 
 Dest 
   
 BHM 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*]  
 
 Dest 
   
 BIL 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*]  
 
 Dest 
   
 BNA 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*]  
 
 Dest 
   
 BOI 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*]  
 
 Dest 
   
 BOS 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*]  
 
 Dest 
   
 BWI 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*]  
 
 Dest 
   
 CLE 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*]  
 
 Dest 
   
 CLT 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*]  
 
 Dest 
   
 CVG 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*]  
 
 Dest 
   
 DEN 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*]  
 
 Dest 
   
 DFW 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*]  
 
 Dest 
   
 DSM 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*]  
 
 Dest 
   
 DTW 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*]  
 
 Dest 
   
 ELP 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*]  
 
 Dest 
   
 EWR 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*]  
 
 Dest 
   
 FSD 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*]  
 
 Dest 
   
 GEG 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*]  
 
 Dest 
   
 FAR 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*]  
 
 Dest 
   
 GRR 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*]  
 
 Dest 
   
 GSO 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*]  
 
 Dest 
   
 GTF 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*]  
 
 Dest 
   
 HNL 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*]  
 
 Dest 
   
 HTS 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*]  
 
 Dest 
   
 IAD 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*]  
 
 Dest 
   
 IAH 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*]  
 
 Dest 
   
 ICT 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*]  
 
 Dest 
   
 IND 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*]  
 
 Dest 
   
 JAN 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*]  
 
 Dest 
   
 JAX 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*]  
 
 Dest 
   
 JFK 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*]  
 
 Dest 
   
 LAS 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*]  
 
 Dest 
   
 LAX 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*]  
 
 Dest 
   
 LBB 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*]  
 
 Dest 
   
 LCK 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*]  
 
 Dest 
   
 LIT 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*]  
 
 Dest 
   
 MCI 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*]  
 
 Dest 
   
 MCO 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*]  
 
 Dest 
   
 MEM 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*]  
 
 Dest 
   
 MHT 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*]  
 
 Dest 
   
 MIA 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*]       

* 
 Blank spaces contained confidential information which has been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to Rule 24b-2 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

Dest 
   
 MKE 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*]  
 
 Dest 
   
 MSP 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*]  
 
 Dest 
   
 MSY 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*]  
 
 Dest 
   
 OAK 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*]  
 
 Dest 
   
 OKC 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*]  
 
 Dest 
   
 OMA 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*]  
 
 Dest 
   
 ONT 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*]  
 
 Dest 
   
 ORD 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*]  
 
 Dest 
   
 ORF 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*]  
 
 Dest 
   
 PDX 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*]  
 
 Dest 
   
 PHL 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*]  
 
 Dest 
   
 PHX 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*]  
 
 Dest 
   
 PIT 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*]  
 
 Dest 
   
 RDU 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*]  
 
 Dest 
   
 RIC 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*]  
 
 Dest 
   
 RNO 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*]  
 
 Dest 
   
 ROC 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*]  
 
 Dest 
   
 SAN 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*]  
 
 Dest 
   
 SAT 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*]  
 
 Dest 
   
 SDF 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*]  
 
 Dest 
   
 SEA 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*]  
 
 Dest 
   
 SFO 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*]  
 
 Dest 
   
 SGF 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*]  
 
 Dest 
   
 SHV 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*]  
 
 Dest 
   
 SJU 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*]  
 
 Dest 
   
 SLC 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*]  
 
 Dest 
   
 SMF 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*]  
 
 Dest 
   
 STL 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*]  
 
 Dest 
   
 TPA 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*]  
 
 Dest 
   
 TUL 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*]  
 
 Dest 
   
 TUS 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*]  
 
 Dest 
   
 TYS 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*] 
   
 [*]  
 
  Dest  
   
  TOTAL  
   
  [*]  
   
  [*]  
   
  [*]  
   
  [*]  
   
  [*]  
   
  [*]  
   
  [*]  
   
  [*]   
   Note - TUS volume is included in PHX, TUL volume is included in OKC, SGF volume is included in MCI, MLI volume is included in
STL based on projected Postal closures    Additional ONT capacity may be provided out of LAX rather than ONT  

* 
 Blank spaces contained confidential information which has been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to Rule  24b-2  under the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, as amended.    

AMC   
    
  RDT Needed for 0800 at all plants  

ABQ  

[*] 

ANC  

[*] 

ATL  

[*] 

AUS  

[*] 

BDL  

[*] 

BHM  

[*] 

BIL  

[*] 

BNA  

[*] 

BOI  

[*] 

BOS  

[*] 

BWI  

[*] 

CLE  

[*] 

CLT  

[*] 

CMH  

[*] 

CRW  

[*] 

CVG  

[*] 

DEN  

[*] 

DFW  

[*] 

DSM  

[*] 

DTW  

[*] 

ELP  

[*] 

EWR  

[*] 

FSD  

[*] 

GEG  

[*] 

FAR  

[*] 

GRR  

[*] 

GSO  

[*] 

GTF  

[*] 

HNL  

[*] 

IAD  

[*] 

IAH  

[*] 

ICT  

[*] 

IND  

[*] 

JAN  

[*] 

JAX  

[*] 

JFK  

[*] 

LAS  

[*] 

LAX  

[*] 

LBB  

[*] 

LIT  

[*] 

MCI  

[*] 

MCO  

[*] 

MEM  

[*] 

MHT  

[*] 

MIA  

[*] 

MKE  

[*] 

MLI  

[*] 

MOB  

[*] 

MSP  

[*] 

MSY  

[*] 

OAK  

[*] 

OKC  

[*] 

OMA  

[*] 

ONT  

[*] 

ORD  

[*] 

PDX  

[*] 

PHL  

[*] 

PHX  

[*] 

PIT  

[*] 

RDU  

[*] 

RIC  

[*] 

RNO  

[*] 

ROC  

[*] 

SAN  

[*] 

SAT  

[*] 

SDF  

[*] 

SEA  

[*] 

SFO  

[*] 

SGF  

[*] 

SHV  

[*] 

SJU  

[*] 

SLC  

[*] 

SMF  

[*] 

SPI  

[*] 

STL  

[*] 

TPA  

[*] 

TUL  

[*] 

TYS  

[*] 

* 
 Blank spaces contained confidential information which has been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to Rule  24b-2  under the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, as amended.    

</EX-10.10>

<EX-12.1>
 12
 d262623dex121.htm
 EX-12.1

EX-12.1 

EXHIBIT 12.1    
  FEDEX CORPORATION   
  COMPUTATION OF RATIO OF EARNINGS TO FIXED CHARGES      (UNAUDITED)      (IN MILLIONS, EXCEPT RATIOS)   

(1)      
    Earnings for 2012 were inadequate to cover fixed charges. Additional earnings of $529 million would have been necessary to bring the ratio for
this period to 1.0.            

</EX-12.1>

<EX-15.1>
 13
 d262623dex151.htm
 EX-15.1

EX-15.1 

EXHIBIT 15.1    
  The Board of Directors and Stockholders      FedEx
Corporation      We are aware of the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements (Form  S-8 
Nos.  333-192957,   333-171232,   333-45037,   333-71065, 
 333-34934,   333-100572,   333-111399,   333-121418, 
 333-130619,   333-156333  and Form  S-3   No. 333-207036)  of FedEx Corporation and in the
related Prospectuses of our report dated December 21, 2016, relating to the unaudited condensed consolidated interim financial statements of FedEx Corporation that are included in its Form  10-Q  for the
quarter ended November 30, 2016.      /s/ Ernst   Young LLP      Memphis, Tennessee      December 21, 2016   

</EX-15.1>

<EX-31.1>
 14
 d262623dex311.htm
 EX-31.1

EX-31.1 

EXHIBIT 31.1    
   CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO        RULES  13a-14(a)  AND  15d-14(a)  UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934,    
   AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002       I, Frederick W. Smith, certify that:       

1.  
  I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form  10-Q  of FedEx Corporation (the  registrant      

2.  
  Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in
light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;         

3.  
  Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial
condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;         

4.  
  The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules  13a-15(e)  and  15d-15(e))  and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules  13a-15(f)  and  15d-15(f))  for the registrant and have:         

(a)  
  Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material
information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;     

(b)  
  Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide
reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;     

(c)  
  Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the
disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and         

(d)  
  Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal
quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and         

5.  
  The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the
registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):         

(a)  
  All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely
affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and         

(b)  
  Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial
reporting.        Date: December 21, 2016       

/s/ Frederick W. Smith    
 
    Frederick W. Smith    
 
    Chairman, President and    
 
    Chief Executive Officer    

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 15
 d262623dex312.htm
 EX-31.2

EX-31.2 

EXHIBIT 31.2    
   CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO        RULES  13a-14(a)  AND  15d-14(a)  UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934,    
   AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002       I, Alan B. Graf, Jr., certify that:       

1.  
  I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form  10-Q  of FedEx Corporation (the  registrant      

2.  
  Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in
light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;         

3.  
  Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial
condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;         

4.  
  The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules  13a-15(e)  and  15d-15(e))  and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules  13a-15(f)  and  15d-15(f))  for the registrant and have:         

(a)  
  Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material
information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;     

(b)  
  Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide
reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;     

(c)  
  Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the
disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and         

(d)  
  Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal
quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and         

5.  
  The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the
registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):         

(a)  
  All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely
affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and         

(b)  
  Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial
reporting.        Date: December 21, 2016       

/s/ Alan B. Graf, Jr.    
 
    Alan B. Graf, Jr.    
 
    Executive Vice President and    
 
    Chief Financial Officer    

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 16
 d262623dex321.htm
 EX-32.1

EX-32.1 

EXHIBIT 32.1    
   CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO        18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO        SECTION 906 OF THE
SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002       In connection with the Quarterly Report of FedEx Corporation ( FedEx ) on Form  10-Q  for the period ended November 30, 2016 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Frederick W. Smith, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.
Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that:       

(1)  
  The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and     

(2)  
  The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of FedEx.     
  Date: December 21, 2016       

/s/ Frederick W. Smith    
 
    Frederick W. Smith    
 
    Chairman, President and    
 
    Chief Executive Officer    

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 17
 d262623dex322.htm
 EX-32.2

EX-32.2 

EXHIBIT 32.2    
   CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO        18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO        SECTION 906 OF THE
SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002       In connection with the Quarterly Report of FedEx Corporation ( FedEx ) on Form  10-Q  for the period ended November 30, 2016 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Alan B. Graf, Jr., certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.
Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that:       

(1)  
  The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and     

(2)  
  The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of FedEx.     
  Date: December 21, 2016       

/s/ Alan B. Graf, Jr.    
 
    Alan B. Graf, Jr.    
 
    Executive Vice President and    
 
    Chief Financial Officer    

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 18
 fdx-20161130.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 19
 fdx-20161130.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 20
 fdx-20161130_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 21
 fdx-20161130_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 22
 fdx-20161130_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 23
 fdx-20161130_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

