<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161114_10-Q_edgar_data_1488039_0001144204-16-134190_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>3531036</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>154295</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>222412</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>721511</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1588101</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>770153</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>48</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001144204-16-134190.hdr.sgml : 20161111
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161114161359
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001144204-16-134190
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		72
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161114
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161114

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			ATOSSA GENETICS INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001488039
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SURGICAL & MEDICAL INSTRUMENTS & APPARATUS [3841]
		IRS NUMBER:				264753208
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-35610
		FILM NUMBER:		161994964

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2345 EASTLAKE AVENUE EAST
		STREET 2:		SUITE 201
		CITY:			SEATTLE
		STATE:			WA
		ZIP:			98102
		BUSINESS PHONE:		206.588.0256

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2345 EASTLAKE AVENUE EAST
		STREET 2:		SUITE 201
		CITY:			SEATTLE
		STATE:			WA
		ZIP:			98102

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001144204-16-134190.txt : 20161114

10-Q
 1
 v450738_10q.htm
 10-Q

UNITED STATES  

  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION  

  WASHINGTON, DC 20549  

FORM 10-Q  

(Mark One)  

For the quarterly period ended September
30, 2016  

OR  

For the transition period from _______
to _______  

Commission file number: 001-35610  

ATOSSA GENETICS INC.  

 (Exact name of registrant as specified in
its charter) 

Registrant s telephone number, including
area code: (206) 325-6086 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports),
and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes      
    No      

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive
Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months
(or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes      
    No      

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated
filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer or a smaller reporting company. See definition of  large accelerated
filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check
one): 

Large accelerated filer       
      Accelerated filer       
      Non-accelerated filer       
      Smaller reporting company        

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes      
    No      

The number of shares of the registrant s common stock,
$0.015 par value per share, outstanding at November 11, 2016 was 3,787,967. 

ATOSSA GENETICS INC.  

  FORM 10-Q  

  QUARTERLY REPORT  

INDEX  

PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION   
      3   

ITEM 1.  
       Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements   Unaudited   
      3   

Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015   
      3   

Condensed
    Consolidated Statements of Operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015   
      4   

Condensed Consolidated Statement of Stockholders  Equity for the nine months ended September 30, 2016   
      5   

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015   
      6   

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements   
      7   

ITEM 2.  
       Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations   
      17   

ITEM 3  
       Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk   
      25   

ITEM 4.  
       Controls and Procedures   
      25   

PART II. OTHER INFORMATION   
      25   

ITEM 1.  
       Legal Proceedings   
      25   

ITEM 1A.  
       Risk Factors   
      26   

ITEM 2.  
       Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds   
      26   

ITEM 3.  
       Defaults upon Senior Securities   
      27   

ITEM 4.  
       Mine Safety Disclosures   
      27   

ITEM 5.  
       Other Information   
      27   

ITEM 6.  
       Exhibits   
      27   

SIGNATURES   
      28   

PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION  

ITEM 1. CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

ATOSSA GENETICS INC.  

  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS  

The accompanying notes are an integral
part of these condensed consolidated financial statements  

ATOSSA GENETICS INC.  

  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF
OPERATIONS  

  (UNAUDITED)  

The accompanying notes are an integral
part of these condensed consolidated financial statements.  

ATOSSA GENETICS, INC.  

  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF STOCKHOLDERS 
EQUITY  

  (UNAUDITED)  

The accompanying notes are an integral
part of these consolidated financial statements.  

ATOSSA GENETICS INC.  

  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF
CASH FLOWS  

  (UNAUDITED)  

The accompanying notes are an integral
part of these condensed consolidated financial statements.  

ATOSSA GENETICS INC.  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

  (UNAUDITED)  

NOTE 1: NATURE OF OPERATIONS  

Atossa Genetics Inc. (the  Company )
was incorporated on April 30, 2009 in the State of Delaware. The Company was formed to develop and market medical devices, laboratory
tests and therapeutics to address breast health conditions. The Company s fiscal year ends on December 31.  

In December 2011, the Company established
the National Reference Laboratory for Breast Health, Inc., or NRLBH, as a wholly-owned subsidiary. NRLBH was the Company s
CLIA-certified laboratory which performed the Company s nipple aspirate fluid, or NAF, cytology test on NAF specimens including
those collected with the Company s Mammary Aspiration Specimen Cytology Test (MASCT) System. The current version of the MASCT
System is called the ForeCYTE Breast Aspirator. The NRLBH provides other test services, including pharmacogenomics tests. On December
16, 2015, the Company sold approximately 81% of the capital stock of the NRLBH to the NRL Investment Group, LLC, with the Company
retaining a 19% ownership through preferred stock. The Company received $50,000 at the time of the sale and the right to receive,
commencing December 2016, monthly earn-out payments equal to 6% of gross revenue of NRLBH up to $10,000,000, and the right to sell
its preferred stock after four years for the greater of $4,000,000 or fair market value. The Company has elected to recognize any
subsequent gain from the earn-out payments as they are determined realizable. 

As a result of the sale of the laboratory
business, the Company is now focusing on development of its pharmaceutical programs. 

NOTE 2: GOING CONCERN  

The Company s consolidated financial
statements are prepared using generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America applicable to a going concern,
which contemplates the realization of assets and the satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business. The Company
has incurred net losses and negative operating cash flows since inception. For the nine months ended September 30, 2016, the Company
recorded a net loss of approximately $3.8 million and used approximately $4.0 million of cash in operating activities. As of September
30, 2016, the Company had approximately $4.4 million in cash and cash equivalents and working capital of approximately $3.7 million.
The Company has not yet established an ongoing source of revenue sufficient to cover its operating costs and allow it to continue
as a going concern. The ability of the Company to continue as a going concern is dependent on the Company obtaining adequate capital
to fund operating losses until it becomes profitable. The Company can give no assurances that any additional capital that it is
able to obtain, if any, will be sufficient to meet its needs, or that any such capital will be obtained on acceptable terms. If
the Company is unable to obtain adequate capital, it could be forced to cease operations or substantially curtail its activities.
These conditions raise substantial doubt as to the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. The accompanying consolidated
financial statements do not include any adjustments relating to the recoverability and classification of recorded asset amounts
and classification of liabilities should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern. 

Management s plan to continue as a
going concern is as follows. In order to continue as a going concern, the Company will need, among other things, additional capital
resources. Management s plans to obtain such resources for the Company include obtaining capital from the sale of its equity
securities and short-term borrowings from banks, stockholders or other related party(ies), if needed. However, management
cannot provide any assurance that the Company will be successful in accomplishing any of its plans. 

The ability of the Company to continue as
a going concern is dependent upon its ability to successfully accomplish the plans described in the preceding paragraph and eventually
to secure other sources of financing and attain profitable operations.  

NOTE 3: SUMMARY OF ACCOUNTING POLICIES  

Basis of Presentation:  

The accompanying consolidated financial
statements have been prepared pursuant to the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ) and in accordance
with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles ( GAAP ). The accompanying consolidated financial statements include
the financial statements of Atossa Genetics Inc. and its formerly wholly-owned subsidiary, NRLBH. The Company sold a majority of
its interest in the NRLBH in December 2015 and all of its activities are reported as discontinued operations in the accompanying
consolidated financial statements. All significant intercompany account balances and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. 
 Certain amounts from prior years have been reclassified to conform with the 2016 presentation. 

On August 26,2016, the Company
completed a 1-for-15 reverse stock split of the shares of the Company s common stock (the
 Reverse Stock Split ). As a result of the Reverse Stock Split, every 15 shares of issued and outstanding
common stock were combined into one issued and outstanding share of Common Stock, and the par value per share was changed to
$.015 per share. No fractional shares were issued because of the Reverse Stock Split and any fractional shares that
would otherwise have resulted from the Reverse Stock Split were paid in cash. As a result of the Reverse
Stock Split, as of November 11, 2016, there are 3,787,967 shares of common stock outstanding. The number of authorized
shares of common stock was not reduced as a result of the Reverse Stock Split. The Company s common stock began trading
on a reverse stock split-adjusted basis on August 26, 2016. All share and per share data included in this report has
been retroactively restated to reflect the Reverse Stock Split. 

Use of Estimates:  

The preparation of financial statements
in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities
and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of expenses
during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. 

Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements:  

In May 2014, the Financial Accounting Standards
Board (the  FASB ) issued Accounting Standards Update ( ASU ) No. 2014-09,  Revenue from Contracts with
Customers: Topic 606  ( ASU 2014-09 ), to supersede nearly all existing revenue recognition guidance under U.S.
GAAP. The core principle of ASU 2014-09 is to recognize revenues when promised goods or services are transferred to customers in
an amount that reflects the consideration that is expected to be received for those goods or services. ASU 2014-09 defines a five
step process to achieve this core principle and, in doing so, it is possible more judgment and estimates may be required within
the revenue recognition process than required under existing GAAP including identifying performance obligations in the contract,
estimating the amount of variable consideration to include in the transaction price and allocating the transaction price to each
separate performance obligation. ASU 2014-09 is effective for the Company in the first quarter of 2018 using either of two methods:
(i) retrospective to each prior reporting period presented with the option to elect certain practical expedients as defined within
ASU 2014-09; or (ii) retrospective with the cumulative effect of initially applying ASU 2014-09 recognized at the date of initial
application and providing certain additional disclosures as defined per ASU 2014-09. The Company is currently evaluating the impact
of its pending adoption of ASU 2014-09 on its consolidated financial statements.  

In August 2014, FASB issued ASU 2014-15,
 Disclosure of Uncertainties about an Entity s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern.  This ASU requires the management
to determine whether substantial doubt exists regarding the entity s going concern presumption, which generally refers to
an entity s ability to meet its obligations as they become due. If substantial doubt exists but is not alleviated by management s
plan, the footnotes must specifically state that  there is substantial doubt about the entity s ability to continue
as a going concern within one year after the financial statements are issued.  In addition, if substantial doubt exists,
regardless of whether such doubt was alleviated, entities must disclose (a) principal conditions or events that raise substantial
doubt about the entity s ability to continue as a going concern (before consideration of management s plans, if any);
(b) management s evaluation of the significance of those conditions or events in relation to the entity s ability to
meet its obligations; and (c) management s plans that are intended to mitigate the conditions or events that raise substantial
doubt, or that did alleviate substantial doubt, about the entity s ability to continue as a going concern. If substantial
doubt has not been alleviated, these disclosures should become more extensive in subsequent reporting periods as additional information
becomes available. In the period that substantial doubt no longer exists (before or after considering management s plans),
management should disclose how the principal conditions and events that originally gave rise to substantial doubt have been resolved.
The ASU applies prospectively to all entities for annual periods ending after December 15, 2016, and to annual and interim periods
thereafter. Early adoption is permitted. The Company has not yet adopted the provisions of ASU 2014-15. 

In February 2016, FASB issued ASU No. 2016-02,
 Lease Accounting Topic 842.  This ASU requires a lessee to recognize lease assets and liabilities on the balance sheet for
all arrangements with terms longer than 12 months, the new standard applies a right-of-use (ROU) model that requires a lessee to
record, for all leases with a lease term of more than 12 months, an asset representing its right to use the underlying asset for
the lease term and a liability to make lease payments. The lease term is the non-cancellable period of the lease, and includes
both periods covered by an option to extend the lease, if the lessee is reasonably certain to exercise that option, and periods
covered by an option to terminate the lease, if the lessee is reasonably certain not to exercise that termination option. For leases
with a lease term of 12 months or less, a practical expedient is available whereby a lessee may elect, by class of underlying asset,
not to recognize an ROU asset or lease liability. A lessee making this accounting policy election would recognize lease expense
over the term of the lease, generally in a straight-line pattern. The Lessor accounting remains largely consistent with existing
U.S. GAAP. The new standard takes effect in 2019 for public business entities and 2020 for all other entities. We have not adopted
the provisions of ASU No. 2016-02. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of adopting ASU 2016-02 on its consolidated financial
statements. 

In April 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-09,
 Stock Compensation   Topic 718: Improvements to Employee Share-based Payment Accounting.  This ASU simplifies the accounting
for stock compensation on income tax accounting, classification of awards as either equity or liabilities, estimating forfeitures,
and cash flow presentation. Based on this ASU, an entity should recognize all excess tax benefits and tax deficiencies, including
tax benefits of dividends on share-based payment awards, as income tax expense or benefit in the income statement; they do not
need to include the effects of windfalls and shortfalls in the annual effective tax rate estimate from continuing operations used
for interim reporting purposes. As a result of including income tax effects from windfalls and shortfalls in income tax expense,
the calculation of both basic and diluted EPS will be affected. The ASU also provides an accounting policy election for awards
with service conditions to either estimate the number of awards that are expected to vest (consistent with existing U.S. GAAP)
or account for forfeitures when they occur. The ASU increases the allowable statutory tax withholding threshold to qualify for
equity classification from the minimum statutory withholding requirements up to the maximum statutory tax rate in the applicable
jurisdiction(s). The ASU clarifies that cash paid to a taxing authority by an employer when directly withholding equivalent shares
for tax withholding purposes should be considered similar to a share repurchase, and thus classified as a financing activity. All
other employer withholding taxes on compensation transactions and other events that enter into the determination of net income
continue to be presented within operating activities. The new standard takes effect in 2017 for public business entities and 2018
for all other entities. The Company has not adopted the provisions of ASU No. 2016-09. The Company is currently evaluating the
impact of adopting ASU 2016-09 on its consolidated financial statements. 

NOTE 4: PREPAID EXPENSES  

Prepaid expenses consisted of the following: 

NOTE 5: FURNITURE AND EQUIPMENT  

Furniture and equipment consisted of the
following: 

Depreciation expense for the three months
ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 was $29,698 and $32,620, respectively, and $92,054 and $97,059, for the nine months ended September
30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. 

NOTE 6: INTANGIBLE ASSETS  

Intangible assets consisted of the following: 

Intangible assets amounted to $1,401,899
and $1,700,565 as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively, and consisted of patents, capitalized license costs
and software acquired. The amortization period for the purchased software is 3 years. Amortization expense related to software
for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 was $7,857 and $11,261, respectively and $23,572 and $34,090 for the nine
months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. 

Patents amounted to $1,630,000 as of September
30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, and mainly consisted of patents acquired from Acueity on September 30, 2012 in an asset purchase
transaction. Patent assets are amortized based on their determined useful life, and tested annually for impairment. The amortization
period was from 7 to 12 years. Amortization expense related to patents was $37,253 for the three months ended September 30, 2016
and 2015, respectively and $111,761 for each of the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. 

Capitalized license costs consist of fees
paid to A5 Genetics KFT, Corporation, pursuant to which the Company received the world-wide (other than the European Union) exclusive
license to use the software in the NextCYTE test. As the Company shifted its focus to developing pharmaceutical products and discontinued
NextCYTE test development, the A5 agreement was terminated in February 2016 and the entire net assets of $163,333, including $36,666
in accumulated amortization was written off. 

Future estimated amortization expenses as
of September 30, 2016 for the five succeeding years is as follows: 

NOTE 7: PAYROLL LIABILITIES:  

Payroll liabilities consisted of the following: 

NOTE 8: DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS  

On December 16, 2015, the Company entered
into a Stock Purchase Agreement (the  Purchase Agreement ) with the NRLBH and NRL Investment Group, LLC (the  NRL
Group ) pursuant to which the Company sold to the NRL Group all of its shares of common stock in the NRLBH as of that date.
Under the terms of the Purchase Agreement, the Company retained its ownership of the Preferred Stock of the NRLBH, which constitutes
approximately 19% of the outstanding capital stock of the NRLBH, and the Company will have the right to sell to the NRL Group
on or after the fourth anniversary of the Purchase Agreement at the greater of $4,000,000 or fair market value. The Company has
the right to receive earn-out payments from NRL Group starting in December 2016 up to a total of $10,000,000. The Earn-out Payments
are payable to the Company each calendar month commencing with December 2016 and are equal to 6% of NRLBH gross sales calculated
in accordance with U.S. Generally Accepted Accounting Principles. The operations of the NRLBH sold to the NRL Group were accounted
for as discontinued operations as the operations and cash flows of the discontinued business were eliminated from ongoing operations
of the Company and the Company has no significant involvement in the NRLBH s operations after the disposal transaction.  

The results of the NRLBH were segregated
from continuing operations and reflected as discontinued operations for the 2015 periods on the Company s Consolidated Statements
of Operations and cash flow for the three and six months ended September 30, 2015. The loss from discontinued operations related
to the operations of the NRLBH for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015 was as follows: 

NOTE 9: STOCKHOLDERS  EQUITY  

The Company is authorized to issue a total
of 85,000,000 shares of stock consisting of 75,000,000 shares of Common Stock, par value $0.015 per share, and 10,000,000 shares
of Preferred Stock, par value $0.001 per share. The Company has designated 750,000 shares of Series A Junior Participating Preferred
Stock, par value $0.001 per share through the filing of certificate of designation with the Delaware Secretary of State. 

On May 19, 2014, the Company adopted a stockholder
rights agreement which provides that all stockholders of record on May 26, 2014 received a non-taxable distribution of one preferred
stock purchase right for each share of the Company s common stock held by such stockholder. Each right is attached to and
trades with the associated share of common stock. The rights will become exercisable only if one of the following occurs: (1) a
person becomes an  Acquiring Person  by acquiring beneficial ownership of 15% or more of the Company s common
stock (or, in the case of a person who beneficially owned 15% or more of the Company s common stock on the date the stockholder
rights agreement was executed, by acquiring beneficial ownership of additional shares representing 2.0% of the Company s
common stock then outstanding (excluding compensatory arrangements)), or (2) a person commences a tender offer that, if consummated,
would result in such person becoming an Acquiring Person. If a person becomes an Acquiring Person, each right will entitle the
holder, other than the Acquiring Person and certain related parties, to purchase a number of shares of the Company s common
stock with a market value that equals twice the exercise price of the right. The initial exercise price of each right is $15.00,
so each holder (other than the Acquiring Person and certain related parties) exercising a right would be entitled to receive $30.00
worth of the Company s common stock. If the Company
is acquired in a merger or similar business combination transaction at any time after a person has become an Acquiring Person,
each holder of a right (other than the Acquiring Person and certain related parties) will be entitled to purchase a similar amount
of stock of the acquiring entity.  

2015 and 2016 Issuances of Additional
Shares to Aspire Capital  

During the first quarter of 2015, we sold
a total of 176,880 shares of common stock to Aspire Capital Fund, LLC ( Aspire Capital ) under the stock purchase agreement
dated November 8, 2013 with aggregate gross proceeds to us of $4,292,349. No shares remain available for sale to Aspire Capital
under the terms of the November 8, 2013 agreement with them. 

On May 26, 2015, we entered into a new common
stock purchase agreement with Aspire Capital, which provided that, upon the terms and subject to the conditions and limitations
set forth therein, Aspire Capital was committed to purchase up to an aggregate of $25.0 million of shares of our common stock over
the 30-month term of the purchase agreement. Concurrently with entering into the purchase agreement, we also entered into a registration
rights agreement with Aspire Capital, in which we agreed to file one or more registration statements, as permissible and necessary
to register under the Securities Act of 1933, registering the sale of the shares of our common stock that have been and may be
issued to Aspire Capital under the purchase agreement. 

On November 11, 2015, we terminated the
May 26, 2015 agreement with Aspire Capital and entered into a new common stock purchase agreement. Concurrently with entering into
the Purchase Agreement, we also entered into a registration rights agreement with Aspire Capital in which we agreed to register
405,747 shares of our common stock. 

During the first quarter of 2016, we sold a total of 405,747 shares of Common Stock to Aspire Capital Fund
LLC under the stock purchase agreement dated November 11, 2015 with aggregate gross proceeds to the Company of $2,153,583. 

On May 25, 2016, we terminated the
November 11, 2015 stock purchase agreement with Aspire Capital and entered into a new common stock purchase agreement with Aspire
Capital which provided that, upon the terms and subject to the conditions and limitations set forth therein, Aspire Capital is
committed to purchase up to an aggregate of $10.0 million of shares of our common stock over the 30-month term of the purchase
agreement, subject to the terms and conditions set forth therein. Concurrently with entering into the purchase agreement, we also entered into a registration rights agreement with Aspire
Capital, in which we agreed to file one or more registration statements, as permissible and necessary to register under the Securities
Act of 1933, registering the sale of the shares of our common stock that have been and may be issued to Aspire Capital under the
purchase agreement. As part of the stock purchase agreement we issued 49,736 common shares as a commitment fee. The value of the
common shares issued as a commitment fee of $198,523 have been reflected as an addition to common stock of $746 and $197,777 in
additional paid in capital which will be amortized over the life of the stock purchase agreement. As of the date of filing this
Quarterly Report with the SEC no shares of stock have been sold to Aspire Capital under the May 25, 2016 purchase agreement. 

2015 Offering of Common Stock and Pre-Funded
Warrants  

In June 2015, the Company entered into a
Placement Agent Agreement with Roth Capital Partners, LLC. and Dawson James Securities, Inc. (the  2015 Placement Agents ),
pursuant to which the Company issued and sold an aggregate of 96,934 shares of common stock at the purchase price of $17.25 per
share and pre-funded warrants to purchase 240,733 shares of common stock (the  Pre-Funded Warrants ) at a purchase
price of $17.10 per share for net proceeds of $5.2 million after deducting $577,790 of offering expenses (the  2015 Offering ).
Each Pre-Funded Warrant was exercisable for $0.15 per share and all of these warrants had been exercised as of December 31, 2015. 

2016 Public Offering of Common Stock  

In August 2016, the Company completed an
underwritten public offering of 1,150,000 shares of Common Stock at a price per share of $2.50, with gross proceeds of $2,875,000
to the Company, or proceeds of $2,645,000 after deducting underwriter discounts, commissions, non accountable expense allowance
and expense reimbursement. 

Outstanding Warrants  

As of September 30, 2016, warrants to purchase
402,228 shares of common stock were outstanding including: 

NOTE 10: NET LOSS PER SHARE  

The Company accounts for and discloses net
loss per common share in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 260,  Earnings Per Share . Basic net loss per common share is computed
by dividing net loss attributable to common stockholders by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding. Diluted net
loss per common share is computed by dividing net loss attributable to common stockholders by the weighted average number of common
shares that would have been outstanding during the period assuming the issuance of common shares for all potential dilutive common
shares outstanding. Potential common shares consist of shares issuable upon the exercise of stock options and warrants. Because
the inclusion of potential common shares would be anti-dilutive. 

The following table sets forth the number
of potential common shares excluded from the calculation of net loss per diluted share for the three months and nine months ended
September 30, 2016 and 2015 because the effect of them would be anti-dilutive: 

NOTE 11: INCOME TAXES  

Deferred income tax assets and liabilities
are recognized for the estimated future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial reporting and tax bases
of assets and liabilities and are measured using enacted tax rates in effect for the year in which those temporary differences
are expected to be recovered or settled. A valuation allowance is provided for the amount of deferred tax assets that, based on
available evidence, are not expected to be realized.  

As a result of the Company s cumulative
losses, management has concluded that a full valuation allowance against the Company s net deferred tax assets is appropriate.
No income tax liabilities existed as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 due to the Company s continuing operating
losses. 

NOTE 12: CONCENTRATION OF CREDIT RISK  

Financial instruments that potentially subject
the Company to concentration of credit risk consist principally of cash deposits. Accounts at each institution are insured by the
Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation ( FDIC ) up to $250,000. At September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the Company
had $4,138,177 and $3,465,895 in excess of the FDIC insured limit, respectively. 

NOTE 13: COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES  

Lease Commitments  

The future minimum lease payments due subsequent
to September 30, 2016 under all non-cancelable operating and capital leases for the next five years are as follows: 

The total rent expense for the three months
ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 was $87,315 and $154,291, respectively and $238,565 and $469,748 for the nine months ended September
30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. Rent expense was included in general and administrative expenses for both years.   

Purchase Commitments  

Effective May 19, 2016 the Company entered
into a services agreement with KriSan Biotech Co. Ltd., a corporation organized under the laws of Taiwan, Republic of China ( KSB ).
The agreement directs KSB to research and develop for the Company processes for manufacturing endoxifen and to produce an initial
supply of endoxifen so that release and stability studies may be conducted. The Company has agreed to pay $136,000 to KSB when
certain benchmarks have been delivered by KSB under the services agreement. 

Litigation and Contingencies  

On October 10, 2013, a putative securities
class action complaint, captioned  Cook v. Atossa Genetics, Inc.  , et al., No. 2:13-cv-01836-RSM, was filed in the United
States District Court for the Western District of Washington against us, certain of the Company s directors and officers
and the underwriters of the Company November 2012 initial public offering.  The complaint alleges that all defendants violated
Sections 11 and 12(a)(2), and that the Company and certain of its directors and officers violated Section 15, of the Securities
Act by making material false and misleading statements and omissions in the offering s registration statement, and that
we and certain of our directors and officers violated Sections 10(b) and 20A of the Exchange Act and SEC Rule 10b-5 promulgated
thereunder by making false and misleading statements and omissions in the registration statement and in certain of our subsequent
press releases and SEC filings with respect to our NAF specimen collection process, our ForeCYTE Breast Health Test and our MASCT
device. This action seeks, on behalf of persons who purchased our common stock between November 8, 2012 and October 4, 2013,
inclusive, damages of an unspecific amount. 

On February 14, 2014, the Court appointed
plaintiffs Miko Levi, Bandar Almosa and Gregory Harrison (collectively, the  Levi Group ) as lead plaintiffs, and approved
their selection of co-lead counsel and liaison counsel. The Court also amended the caption of the case to read In re Atossa Genetics,
Inc. Securities Litigation. No. 2:13-cv-01836-RSM. An amended complaint was filed on April 15, 2014. The Company and other
defendants filed motions to dismiss the amended complaint on May 30, 2014. The plaintiffs filed briefs in opposition to these motions
on July 11, 2014. The Company replied to the opposition brief on August 11, 2014. On October 6, 2014 the Court granted defendants 
motion dismissing all claims against Atossa and all other defendants. The Court s order provided plaintiffs with a deadline
of October 26, 2014 to file a motion for leave to amend their complaint and the plaintiffs did not file such a motion by that date.
On October 30, 2014, the Court entered a final order of dismissal. On November 3, 2014, plaintiffs filed a notice of appeal with
the Court and have appealed the Court s dismissal order to the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit. On February 11,
2015, plaintiffs filed their opening appellate brief. Defendants  filed their answering brief on April 13, 2015, and plaintiffs
filed their reply brief on May 18, 2015. A hearing for the appeal has not been set. 

The Company believes this lawsuit is without
merit and plans to defend itself vigorously; however, failure by the Company to obtain a favorable resolution of the claims set
forth in the complaint could have a material adverse effect on the Company s business, results of operations and financial
condition. Currently, the amount of such material adverse effect cannot be reasonably estimated, and no provision or liability
has been recorded for these claims as of September 30, 2016. The costs associated with defending and resolving the lawsuit and
ultimate outcome cannot be predicted. These matters are subject to inherent uncertainties and the actual cost, as well as the distraction
from the conduct of the Company s business, will depend upon many unknown factors and management s view of these may
change in the future. 

On January 28, 2016, the Company filed a complaint
in the United States District Court for the District of Delaware captioned   Atossa Genetics Inc. v. Besins Healthcare
Luxembourg SARL  , Case No. 1:16-cv-00045-UNA. The complaint asserts claims for breach of contract, breach of the implied
covenant of good faith and fair dealing, and for declaratory relief against Defendant Besins Healthcare Luxembourg SARL ( Besins ).
The complaint was served upon Besins on February 15, 2016. The Company s claims arise from Besins  breach of an Intellectual
Property License Agreement dated May 14, 2015 (the  License Agreement ), under which Besins licensed to the Company
the worldwide exclusive rights to develop and commercialize Afimoxifene Topical Gel, or AfTG, for the potential treatment and
prevention of hyperplasia of the breast. The complaint seeks compensatory damages, a declaration of the parties  rights
and obligations under the License Agreement, and injunctive relief. On March 7, 2016, Besins filed its response to the Company s
complaint, generally denying liability for the Company s claims and asserting counterclaims for breach of contract, fraud,
negligent misrepresentation, and declaratory judgment. Besins seeks unspecified money damages and preliminary and permanent injunctive
relief, among other forms of relief, for its counterclaims. The Company filed its answer to Besins  counterclaims on March
31, 2016, in which the Company disputed Besins  allegations and denied that Besins is entitled to relief on its counterclaims.
On August 4, 2016, the parties entered into a settlement agreement pursuant to which the parties dismissed this legal action and
have settled all claims and counterclaims. Pursuant to the settlement agreement, Besins assumed, and Atossa shall have no further
rights to, 4-hydroxy tamoxifen and AfTG in return for a termination payment to Atossa in the total amount of $1,762,931.  The
termination payment was received in August 2016 and has been included in other income on the Condensed Consolidated Statement
of Operations for both the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016. 

NOTE 14: STOCK BASED COMPENSATION    

Stock Options and Incentive Plan   

On September 28, 2010, the Board of Directors
approved the adoption of the 2010 Stock Option and Incentive Plan, or the 2010 Plan, to provide for the grant of equity-based awards
to employees, officers, non-employee directors and other key persons providing services to the Company. Awards of incentive options
may be granted under the 2010 Plan until September 2020. No other awards may be granted under the 2010 Plan after the date that
is 10 years from the date of stockholder approval. An aggregate of 66,667 shares were initially reserved for issuance in connection
with awards granted under the 2010 Plan and on May 18, 2016, an additional 133,333 shares were reserved for issuance under the
2010 Plan. 

The following table presents the automatic
additions to the 2010 Plan since inception pursuant to the  evergreen  terms of the 2010 Plan: 

The Company granted 0 and 185,245 additional
options to purchase shares of common stock to employees and directors during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016.
No options were exercised during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016.  There are 140,888 shares available for
grant under the 2010 Plan as of September 30, 2016. 

Compensation costs associated with the Company s
stock options are recognized, based on the grant-date fair values of these options, over the requisite service period, or vesting
period. Accordingly, the Company recognized stock based compensation expense of $257,389 and $317,986 for the three months ended
September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively and $650,053 and $703,726 ($633,962 from continuing operations and $69,764 from discontinued
operations) for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. 

Options issued and outstanding as of September
30, 2016 and their activities during the nine months then ended are as follows: 

(1)   
      vested shares and unvested shares after a forfeiture rate is applied   

At September 30, 2016, there were 237,192
unvested options outstanding and the related unrecognized total compensation cost associated with these options was approximately
$1.2 million. This expense is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of 2.09 years. 

NOTE 15: RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS    

Shu-Chih Chen, Ph.D., a member of the
Board of Directors and spouse of Steve C. Quay, Ph.D., M.D., the Company s CEO, has provided consultancy services to the
Company.  Those services primarily include providing scientific and technical expertise in Atossa s negotiations and
ongoing arrangements with the manufacturer of endoxifen which is located in Taiwan.  The cost of the services provided by
Dr. Chen are approximately $25,000 through September 30, 2016 and have been approved by Atossa s audit committee. 

ITEM 2.   MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS  

The following discussion of the financial
condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with the financial statements and the related notes included
elsewhere in this report. This discussion contains forward-looking statements, which are based on assumptions about the future
of the Company s business. The actual results could differ materially from those contained in the forward-looking statements.
Please read  Forward-Looking Statements  included below for additional information regarding forward-looking statements.  

Forward-Looking Statements  

This report contains, in addition to historical
information, certain information, assumptions and discussions that may constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning
of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the  Securities Act ) and Section 21E of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act ). We have made these statements in reliance on the safe harbor
provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties,
which could cause actual results to differ materially from those projected or anticipated. Although we believe our assumptions
underlying our forward-looking statements are reasonable as of the date of this report, we cannot assure you that the forward-looking
statements set out in this report will prove to be accurate. We typically identify these forward-looking statements by the use
of forward-looking words such as  expect,   potential,   continue,   may,   will, 
 should,   could,   would,   seek,   intend,   plan,   estimate, 
 anticipate  or the negative version of those words or other comparable words. Forward-looking statements contained
in this report include, but are not limited to, statements about: 

whether
we can obtain approval from the U.S. Food and Drug Administration, or FDA, and foreign regulatory bodies, to sell, market and
distribute our therapeutics and devices under development;  

our ability to successfully complete clinical trials of our pharmaceutical candidates under
        development, including endoxifen and our intraductal microcatheters to administer therapeutics, including the study we
        recently opened using fulvestrant;  

the success, cost and timing of our product and drug development activities and clinical trials,
including whether the ongoing clinical study using our intraductal microcatheters to administer fulvestrant will enroll or be
completed in a timely fashion or at all;  

our ability to contract with third-party suppliers, manufacturers and service providers, including clinical research organizations, and their ability to perform adequately;   

our ability to successfully develop and commercialize new therapeutics currently in development or that we might identify in the future and in the time frames currently expected;   

our ability to successfully defend ongoing litigation, including the securities class action law suit filed against us on October 10, 2013, and other similar complaints that may be brought in the future, in a timely manner and within the coverage, scope and limits of our insurance policies;   

our ability to establish and maintain intellectual property rights covering our products;   

our expectations regarding, and our ability to satisfy, federal, state and foreign regulatory requirements;   

the accuracy of our estimates of the size and characteristics of the markets that our products and services may address;   

our expectations as to future financial performance, expense levels and capital sources;   

our ability to attract and retain key personnel; and   

our ability to raise capital, including our ability to sell shares of common stock to Aspire Capital under the terms of the May 25, 2016 common stock purchase agreement with Aspire Capital.   

These and other forward-looking statements
made in this report are presented as of the date on which the statements are made. We have included important factors in the cautionary
statements included in this report, particularly in the section titled  ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS,  that we believe could
cause actual results or events to differ materially from the anticipated results as set forth in the forward-looking statements
that we make. Our forward-looking statements do not reflect the potential impact of any new information, future events or circumstances
that may affect our business after the date of this report. Except as required by law, we do not intend to update any forward-looking
statements after the date on which the statement is made, whether as a result of new information, future events or circumstances
or otherwise. 

Company Overview  

We are a clinical-stage pharmaceutical company
focused on the development of novel therapeutics and delivery methods for the treatment of breast cancer and other breast conditions.
Our leading program uses our patented intraductal microcatheters which deliver pharmaceuticals through the breast ducts. We initiated
a Phase 2 clinical study in March 2016 using our microcatheters to deliver fulvestrant as a potential treatment of ductal carcinoma
in-situ, or DCIS, and breast cancer. This study is being conducted by Columbia University Medical Center Breast Cancer Programs.
Our second pharmaceutical program under development is oral endoxifen for breast cancer patients who are refractory to tamoxifen.
Endoxifen is an active metabolite of tamoxifen which is an FDA approved drug for breast cancer patients to prevent recurrence as
well as new breast cancer. In May 2015 we began the development of Afimoxifene Topical Gel, or AfTG, for the treatment and prevention
of hyperplasia of the breast; however, that program has been transferred back to the licensor, Besins Healthcare, in return for
a payment to us of $1.7 million.  

Through mid-2015, we were primarily focused
on the development and commercialization of our medical devices and laboratory tests. Our medical devices include the ForeCYTE
Breast Aspirator and the FullCYTE Breast Aspirator. These devices are intended for the collection of nipple aspirate fluid, or
NAF, for cytological testing at a laboratory. Our laboratory tests have historically been developed and performed by The National
Reference Laboratory for Breast Health, Inc., or the  NRLBH.  The NRLBH was our wholly-owned subsidiary until December
16, 2015 when, pursuant to a stock purchase agreement, we sold approximately 81% of the capital stock of the NRLBH to the NRL Investment
Group, LLC. We have determined that the disposition of the lab business qualifies for reporting as a discontinued operation since
the sale represents a strategic shift that will have a major effect on our operations and financial results. We have elected to
recognize any subsequent gain from the earn-out payments payable to us pursuant to the stock purchase agreement as they are determined
realizable. 

We are now focusing our business on our
pharmaceutical programs and delivery methods. Our key objectives are to advance our pharmaceutical candidates through Phase 2 trials
and then evaluate further development independently or through partners.  

Our common stock is
currently quoted on The NASDAQ Capital Market under the symbol  ATOS.  

Summary of Our Clinical-Stage Programs Under Development  

Delivery of Therapeutics via our Microcatheters   

We believe our patented intraductal microcatheters
may be useful in delivering a number of therapeutics to the ducts in the breast. Doing so is intended to provide a therapeutic
directly to the breast tissue. We must obtain FDA approval of any drug delivered via our intraductal microcatheters devices which
will require expensive and time-consuming studies. For example, we must complete clinical studies to demonstrate the safety and
tolerability of fulvestrant using our delivery method. We may not be successful in completing these studies and obtaining FDA approval. 

The initial drug we are studying using our
microcatheters for intraductal delivery is fulvestrant. Fulvestrant is FDA-approved for metastatic breast cancer. It is administered
as a monthly injection of two shots, typically into the buttocks. In 2012 a published study documented that the single dose cost
of intramuscular fulvestrant was approximately $12,000. 

We own one issued patent and several pending
applications directed to the treatment of breast conditions, including cancer, by the intraductal administration of therapeutics
including fulvestrant. 

We do not yet have FDA s input, but
our preliminary analysis, subject to FDA feedback, is that the intraductal fulvestrant program could qualify for designation under
the 505(b)(2) status. This would allow us to file with only clinical data and without having to perform additional, significant
clinical or pre-clinical studies. So the path to market is both faster and less expensive than a standard new drug application,
or NDA, program. 

To support this development program, we
have successfully produced microcatheters for the fulvestrant Phase 2 clinical trial. The FDA has also issued a  Safe to
Proceed  letter for our first Investigational New Drug application (IND) for the Phase 2 study and the institutional review
board approval has also been received. 

In March 2016, we opened enrollment in the
study ATOS-2015-007, which is being conducted by The Columbia University Medical Center Breast Cancer Program. This is an 18 month
Phase 2 study in women with DCIS or invasive breast cancer slated for mastectomy or lumpectomy. This study will assess the safety,
tolerability and distribution of fulvestrant when delivered directly into breast milk ducts of these patients compared to those
who receive the same product intramuscularly. Six study participants will receive the standard intramuscular fulvestrant dose of
500 mg to establish the reference drug distribution, and 24 participants will receive fulvestrant by intraductal instillation utilizing
our microcatheter device. The total dose administered via our microcatheters will not exceed 500 mg. 

The study has been accepted for
presentation at the CTRC-AARC San Antonio Breast Cancer Symposium to be held December 6-10, 2016. This prestigious symposium
is  designed to provide state-of-the-art information on the experimental biology, etiology, prevention, diagnosis, and
therapy of breast cancer and premalignant breast disease, to an international audience of academic and private physicians and
researchers.  The study has been accepted in the  Ongoing Clinical Trials  category, which features studies
that have not been completed and which does not permit the presentation of study results. 

The primary endpoint of the clinical trial
is to assess the safety, tolerability and distribution of intraductally administered fulvestrant in women with DCIS or Stage 1
or 2 invasive ductal carcinoma prior to mastectomy or lumpectomy. The secondary objective of the study is to determine if there
are changes in the expression of Ki67 as well as estrogen and progesterone receptors between a pre-fulvestrant biopsy and post-fulvestrant
surgical specimen. Digital breast imaging before and after drug administration in both groups will also be performed to determine
the effect of fulvestrant on any lesions as well as breast density of the participant. Additional information about the study can
be found at: https://clinicaltrials.gov/ct2/show/NCT02540330?term=atossa rank=2. 

Oral Endoxifen   

Our second pharmaceutical program under
development is oral endoxifen for breast cancer patients who are refractory to tamoxifen. Endoxifen is an active metabolite of
tamoxifen which is an FDA approved drug for breast cancer patients to prevent recurrence as well as new breast cancer. We believe
that up to 50% of the one million women who take tamoxifen in the United States each year are refractory, meaning that they have
inadequate endoxifen levels (for any number of reasons included low levels of a liver enzyme) and they have an increased risk for
breast cancer recurrence. 

We have filed patent applications covering
endoxifen and we are in the process of procuring an initial supply of the endoxifen drug for initial studies. 

Afimoxifene Topical Gel (AfTG)   

On May 14, 2015, we were granted the worldwide
exclusive rights to develop and commercialize AfTG for the potential treatment and prevention of hyperplasia of the breast. The
active pharmaceutical ingredient in AfTG is Afimoxifene (4-hydroxytamoxifen), which is an active metabolite of tamoxifen. 

These AfTG rights were granted to us pursuant
to a May 14, 2015, Intellectual Property License Agreement with Besins Healthcare Luxembourg SARL (the  License Agreement ).  

Besins has informed us that they plan to
develop AfTG for the reduction of breast density, which we believe is within the scope of our exclusive rights under the License
Agreement. We have informed Besins that its efforts to develop AfTG for breast density would infringe our exclusive rights under
the License Agreement, including our exclusive rights to develop AfTG for treatment and prevention of hyperplasia of the breast,
and would constitute a breach of the License Agreement by Besins. 

On January 28, 2016, we filed a complaint in
the United States District Court for the District of Delaware captioned  Atossa Genetics Inc. v. Besins Healthcare Luxembourg
SARL  Case No. 1:16-cv-00045-UNA (the  Litigation ). The complaint asserts claims for breach of contract, breach
of the implied covenant of good faith and fair dealing, and for declaratory relief against Besins.  On March 7, 2016, Besins
responded to our complaint by denying our claims and asserting counterclaims against us for breach of contract, fraud, and negligent
misrepresentation and declaratory relief. We filed our answer to Besins  counterclaims on March 31, 2016, in which the Company
disputed Besins  allegations and denied that Besins is entitled to relief on its counterclaims. On August 4, 2016, we and
Besins agreed, pursuant to a Termination Agreement, to terminate the License Agreement, dismiss the Litigation, and settle all
claims and counterclaims asserted in the Litigation.  We and Besins have further agreed, pursuant to and as set forth in
the Termination Agreement, that Besins will assume, and we shall have no further rights to, all clinical, regulatory, manufacturing,
and all other development and commercialization of 4-hydroxy tamoxifen and Afimoxifene Topical Gel (the  AfTG Program ).
In consideration for our comprehensive relinquishment of all rights granted in the License Agreement, termination of the License
Agreement, cessation of all efforts to develop Afimoxifene Gel, delivery of all API manufactured to date, assignment of a Drug
Master File, delivery to Besins of the work product we have completed to date, and other consideration, Besins reimbursed
us for out-of-pocket expenses incurred by us to pursue the AfTG Program and made a termination payment to us in the total amount
of $1,762,931. 

Our Pre-Clinical Programs
Under Development  

In addition to our clinical-stage pharmaceutical
programs, we are in the process of evaluating other therapeutic candidates to treat breast conditions, including breast cancer.
Factors we are considering in evaluating potential drug candidates include, for example, the ability to obtain expedited regulatory
approval, significance of unmet medical need, size of the patient population, intellectual property opportunities and the anticipated
pre-clinical and clinical pathway. 

NRLBH and our Laboratory Tests  

Through December 16, 2015, our laboratory
tests consisted of NAF cytology tests, pharmacogenomics tests and various tests under development including our NextCYTE Breast
Cancer Test. These tests were developed by the NRLBH, and in the case of the NAF cytology and pharmacogenomics tests, were also
marketed and sold by the NRLBH. The NRLBH generally owned the equipment and supplies necessary to develop the tests and to perform
the tests and generally contracted directly with third parties for necessary supplies and services to develop and conduct the tests. 

Our Medical Devices  

Our medical devices include the ForeCYTE Breast
Aspirator and the FullCYTE Breast Aspirator, which collect specimens of nipple aspirate fluid (NAF) for cytological testing at
a laboratory, and a universal transport kit to assist with the packaging and transport of NAF samples to a laboratory. We also
own the exclusive rights to manufacture and sell various medical devices (although we do not currently maintain an inventory of
our devices) consisting primarily of tools to assist breast surgeons, which we acquired from Acueity Healthcare in 2012. We are
not currently commercializing our breast aspirator devices, transportation kits, tools for breast surgeons nor any NAF cytology
tests. 

Our patented intraductal microcatheter devices
are being developed for the targeted delivery of potential pharmaceuticals, as described above. 

Revenue Sources  

Our business has provided us with two
historical revenue sources: (i) sales-based revenue from the sale of our medical devices, such as our ForeCYTE Breast
Aspirator and FullCYTE Breast Aspirator and patient kits to distributors, physicians, breast health clinics, and mammography
clinics and (ii) service, or use-based, revenue from laboratory services performed by the NRLBH, such as preparation and
interpretation of the NAF samples sent to our laboratory for analysis and pharmacogenomics tests. Our main source of revenue
from October 2014 to December 2015 was from pharmacogenomics testing. We are no longer selling our medical devices and
because of the sale of 81% of the stock in the NRLBH, we will generate no revenue from laboratory testing. NRLBH s
operations are presented as discontinued operations in our condensed consolidated financial statements. We do not anticipate
generating additional revenue from other resources unless and until we develop and launch new pharmaceutical programs. 

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates  

In our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the
year ended December 31, 2015, we disclosed our critical accounting policies and estimates upon which our financial statements are
derived. There have been no changes to these policies since December 31, 2015. Readers are encouraged to review these disclosures
in conjunction with the review of this report. 

Results of Operations  

Three Months and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and
2015  

Revenue and Cost of Revenue : As
a result of the sale of the NRLBH in December 2015, we generated no revenue or cost of revenue for the three months and nine months
ended September 30, 2016. Revenue and cost of revenue from NRLBH activities are presented as discontinued operations for the three
months and nine months ended September 30, 2015. The NLRBH had total net revenue of $772,591 and cost of revenue of $311,074, for
the three months ended September 30, 2015, and $5,337,911 and $3,365,901 for the nine months ended September 30, 2015, respectively,
consisting of mainly pharmacogenomics testing. 

Operating Expenses : Total operating
expenses were approximately $1.6 million and $5.4 million for the three months and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively,
consisting of general and administrative (G A) expenses of approximately $1.5 million and $5.0 million, respectively and R D
expenses of approximately $85,000 and $404,000 respectively. As a result of the sale of NRLBH, operating expenses related to the
NRLBH are presented separately as discontinued operations for the three months and nine months ended September 30, 2015. 

Operating expenses from continuing
operations for the three months and nine months ended September 30, 2016 decreased approximately $2.2 million and $4.9
million, or 59.4% and 47.1% respectively, from approximately $3.8 million and $10.3 million for the three months and nine
months ended September 30, 2015, respectively, which consisted of G A expenses of approximately $2.4 million and $7.2
million, respectively, R D expenses of approximately $949,000 and $1.9 million, respectively, and selling expenses of
approximately $499,000 and $1.2 million, respectively. The decrease in operating expenses is mainly attributed to the 2015
launch of new devices and services which are not being pursued in 2016 and investing more in new R D programs in the
first quarter of 2015 compared to 2016.   

Selling Expenses : As a result of
the sale of NRLBH and discontinuing commercialization of our devices in Europe and the United States, we incurred no selling expenses
for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016. Selling expenses, for the three months and nine months ended September
30, 2015 were approximately $499,000 and $1.2 million, respectively, consisting of compensation expenses, travel, and advertisement
as a result of ForeCYTE and FullCYTE launch and commercialization in Europe and the United States. We do not expect any significant
selling expenses during 2016, as we continue focusing on developing our pharmaceutical programs and until we receive regulatory
clearance to commercialize our new products. 

General and Administrative Expenses :
G A expenses for continuing operations for the three months and nine months ended September 30, 2016 were approximately $1.5
million and $5.0 million, respectively, a decrease of approximately $922,000 and $2.2 million, respectively, or 38.5% and 30.6%
respectively, from approximately $2.4 million and $7.2 million, respectively, for the same periods in 2015. G A expenses consist
primarily of personnel and related benefit costs, facilities, professional services, insurance, and public company related expenses.
The decrease in G A expenses is mainly attributed to cost reductions from sale of the NRLBH and discontinuing the commercialization
of our breast aspirators. 

Research and Development Expenses :
R D expenses for the three months and nine months ended September 30, 2016 were approximately $85,000 and $404,000
respectively, a decrease of approximately $864,000 and $1.5 million respectively, or 91.0% and 78.6% respectively, from the
three months and nine months ended September 30, 2015. The decrease in R D expenses is attributed to discontinuing
further development of the FullCYTE Microcatheters, FullCYTE Breast Aspirator, NextCYTE test and AfTG late in 2015 and early
in 2016. During the first quarter of 2016, we focused all our R D efforts on the fulvestrant clinical trial that
commenced in March 2016 and in the second and third quarter of 2016 we focused our R D efforts on initiating our
oral endoxifen program. We expect our R D expenses to increase throughout 2016 and into 2017 as we continue the clinical
trial of fulvestrant administered via our microcatheters and as we continue the development of endoxifen and potentially
other indications and pharmaceuticals. 

Discontinued operations:  As a result
of the sale of NRLBH in December 2015, the 2015 financial results of the NRLBH are presented separately as discontinued operations
in the Company s Consolidated Statements of Operations for all periods presented. The following summarizes the loss from
discontinued operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015: 

Liquidity and Capital Resources  

We have a history of operating losses as
we have focused our efforts on raising capital and building our products and services in our pipeline. The Company s consolidated
financial statements are prepared using generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America applicable to
a going concern, which contemplates the realization of assets and the satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business.
The Company has incurred net losses and negative operating cash flows since inception. For the nine months ended September 30,
2016, the Company recorded a net loss of $3.8 million, and used $4.0 million of cash in operating activities. As of September 30,
2016, the Company had approximately $4.4 million in cash and cash equivalents and working capital of approximately $3.7 million.
The Company has not yet established an ongoing source of revenue sufficient to cover its operating costs and allow it to continue
as a going concern. The ability of the Company to continue as a going concern is dependent on the Company obtaining adequate capital
to fund operating losses until it becomes profitable. The Company can give no assurances that any additional capital that it is
able to obtain, if any, will be sufficient to meet its needs, or that any such financing will be obtainable on acceptable terms.
If the Company is unable to obtain adequate capital, it could be forced to cease operations or substantially curtail is commercial
activities. These conditions raise substantial doubt as to the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. The accompanying
financial statements do not include any adjustments relating to the recoverability and classification of recorded asset amounts
and classification of liabilities should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern. 

During the first quarter of 2016, we sold
405,747 shares of common stock to Aspire Capital under the November 2015 agreement with them for aggregate gross proceeds to us
of $2,153,583. On May 25, 2016 we entered into a new common stock purchase agreement with Aspire Capital which provides that we
may sell up to $10 million in common stock to Aspire Capital over the 30 month term of the agreement, subject to the terms and
conditions set out in the stock purchase agreement, none of which have been sold as of the date of filing this Quarterly Report
with the SEC.  On August 4, 2016, we entered into a settlement agreement with Besins Healthcare pursuant to which Besins
paid us a total of $1.76 million. See Part II, Item 1 Legal Proceedings. In August 2016, we completed an underwritten public offering
of 1,150,000 shares of Common Stock at a price per share of $2.50, with gross proceeds to us of $2,875,000, or proceeds of $2,645,000
after deducting underwriter discounts, commissions, non accountable expense allowance and expense reimbursement. 

Our ability to continue as a going concern
is dependent on our obtaining additional adequate capital to fund additional operating losses until we become profitable. If we
are unable to obtain adequate capital, we could be forced to cease operations. 

Cash Flows  

As of September 30, 2016, we had cash and
cash equivalents of $4.4 million. 

Net Cash Flows from Operating
Activities : Net cash used in operating activities was approximately $4.0 million, for the nine months ended September 30,
2016, compared with approximately $10.0 million, including $272,000 cash provided by discontinued operations, for the nine
months ended September 30, 2015. We spent approximately $2.0 million in research and development for the nine months ended,
September 30, 2015, compared to approximately $400,000 for the same period in 2016, the decrease in the 2016 period as
compared to 2015 resulting primarily from reductions in compensation, occupancy expenses, and outside consulting; offset by
severance payments in 2016. 

Net Cash Flows from Investing Activities :
Net cash used in investing activities was approximately $5,000 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared with approximately
$111,000, including $44,000 from discontinued operations for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The decrease in 2016 for
both periods was primarily attributable to the reduction in purchases of fixed asset equipment in 2016 as compared to 2015. 

Net Cash Flows from Financing Activities: 
Net cash provided by financing activities was approximately $4.7 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared
with approximately $9.5 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The decrease is mainly attributed to lower prices
at which we were able to sell our stock to Aspire in 2016 and in our public offering in August 2016, compared to prices of our
stock and warrants in financing activities 2015.   

Funding Requirements  

We expect to incur ongoing operating
losses for the foreseeable future as we continue to develop our planned therapeutic programs including related clinical
studies and other programs in the pipeline. We expect that our existing resources will be sufficient to fund our planned
operations for at least the next six to nine months. In addition to our cash and cash equivalents at September 30, 2016 of
approximately $4.4 million, we will be seeking to raise capital through sales of securities to third parties and existing
stockholders. If we are unable to raise additional capital when needed, however, we could be forced to curtail or cease
operations. Our future capital uses and requirements depend on the time and expenses needed to begin and continue clinical
trials for our new drug developments.  

Additional funding may not be available
to us on acceptable terms or at all. In addition, the terms of any financing may adversely affect the holdings or the rights of
our stockholders. For example, if we raise additional funds by issuing equity securities or by selling debt securities, if convertible,
further dilution to our existing stockholders would result. To the extent our capital resources are insufficient to meet our future
capital requirements, we will need to finance our future cash needs through public or private equity offerings, collaboration agreements,
debt financings or licensing arrangements. 

If adequate funds are not available, we
may be required to terminate, significantly modify or delay our development programs, reduce our planned commercialization efforts,
or obtain funds through collaborators that may require us to relinquish rights to our technologies or product candidates that we
might otherwise seek to develop or commercialize independently. Further, we may elect to raise additional funds even before we
need them if we believe the conditions for raising capital are favorable.   

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements  

We do not currently have, nor have we ever
had, any relationships with unconsolidated entities or financial partnerships, such as entities often referred to as structured
finance or special purpose entities, established for the purpose of facilitating off-balance sheet arrangements or other contractually
narrow or limited purposes. In addition, we do not engage in trading activities involving non-exchange traded contracts. 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements  

In May 2014, the Financial Accounting
Standards Board (the  FASB ) issued Accounting Standards Update ( ASU ) No. 2014-09,  Revenue from
Contracts with Customers: Topic 606  ( ASU 2014-09 ), to supersede nearly all existing revenue recognition
guidance under U.S. GAAP. The core principle of ASU 2014-09 is to recognize revenues when promised goods or services are
transferred to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration that is expected to be received for those goods or
services. ASU 2014-09 defines a five step process to achieve this core principle and, in doing so, it is possible more
judgment and estimates may be required within the revenue recognition process than required under existing GAAP including
identifying performance obligations in the contract, estimating the amount of variable consideration to include in the
transaction price and allocating the transaction price to each separate performance obligation. ASU 2014-09 is effective for
the Company in the first quarter of 2018 using either of two methods: (i) retrospective to each prior reporting period
presented with the option to elect certain practical expedients as defined within ASU 2014-09; or (ii) retrospective with the
cumulative effect of initially applying ASU 2014-09 recognized at the date of initial application and providing certain
additional disclosures as defined per ASU 2014-09. We are currently evaluating the impact of its pending adoption of ASU
2014-09 on its consolidated financial statements.  

In August 2014, FASB issued ASU 2014-15,
 Disclosure of Uncertainties about an Entity s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern.  This ASU requires the management
to determine whether substantial doubt exists regarding the entity s going concern presumption, which generally refers to
an entity s ability to meet its obligations as they become due. If substantial doubt exists but is not alleviated by management s
plan, the footnotes must specifically state that  there is substantial doubt about the entity s ability to continue
as a going concern within one year after the financial statements are issued.  In addition, if substantial doubt exists,
regardless of whether such doubt was alleviated, entities must disclose (a) principal conditions or events that raise substantial
doubt about the entity s ability to continue as a going concern (before consideration of management s plans, if any);
(b) management s evaluation of the significance of those conditions or events in relation to the entity s ability to
meet its obligations; and (c) management s plans that are intended to mitigate the conditions or events that raise substantial
doubt, or that did alleviate substantial doubt, about the entity s ability to continue as a going concern. If substantial
doubt has not been alleviated, these disclosures should become more extensive in subsequent reporting periods as additional information
becomes available. In the period that substantial doubt no longer exists (before or after considering management s plans),
management should disclose how the principal conditions and events that originally gave rise to substantial doubt have been resolved.
The ASU applies prospectively to all entities for annual periods ending after December 15, 2016, and to annual and interim periods
thereafter. Early adoption is permitted. We have not yet adopted the provisions of ASU 2014-15. 

In February 2016, FASB issued ASU No. 2016-02,
 Lease Accounting Topic 842.  This ASU requires a lessee to recognize lease assets and liabilities on the balance sheet for
all arrangements with terms longer than 12 months, the new standard applies a right-of-use (ROU) model that requires a lessee to
record, for all leases with a lease term of more than 12 months, an asset representing its right to use the underlying asset for
the lease term and a liability to make lease payments. The lease term is the non-cancellable period of the lease, and includes
both periods covered by an option to extend the lease, if the lessee is reasonably certain to exercise that option, and periods
covered by an option to terminate the lease, if the lessee is reasonably certain not to exercise that termination option. For leases
with a lease term of 12 months or less, a practical expedient is available whereby a lessee may elect, by class of underlying asset,
not to recognize an ROU asset or lease liability. A lessee making this accounting policy election would recognize lease expense
over the term of the lease, generally in a straight-line pattern. The Lessor accounting remains largely consistent with existing
U.S. GAAP. The new standard takes effect in 2019 for public business entities and 2020 for all other entities. We have not adopted
the provisions of ASU No. 2016-02. We are currently evaluating the impact of our pending adoption of ASU 2016-02 on our consolidated
financial statements. 

In April 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-09,
 Stock Compensation   Topic 718.  This ASU simplifies the accounting for stock compensation on income tax accounting,
award classification, estimating forfeitures, and cash flow presentation. Based on this ASU, an entity should recognize all excess
tax benefits and tax deficiencies, including tax benefits of dividends on share-based payment awards, as income tax expense or
benefit in the income statement; they do not need to include the effects of windfalls and shortfalls in the annual effective tax
rate estimate from continuing operations used for interim reporting purposes. As a result of including income tax effects from
windfalls and shortfalls in income tax expense, the calculation of both basic and diluted EPS will be affected. The ASU also provides
an accounting policy election for awards with service conditions to either estimate the number of awards that are expected to vest
(consistent with existing U.S. GAAP) or account for forfeitures when they occur. The ASU increases the allowable statutory tax
withholding threshold to qualify for equity classification from the minimum statutory withholding requirements up to the maximum
statutory tax rate in the applicable jurisdiction(s). The ASU clarifies that cash paid to a taxing authority by an employer when
directly withholding equivalent shares for tax withholding purposes should be considered similar to a share repurchase, and thus
classified as a financing activity. All other employer withholding taxes on compensation transactions and other events that enter
into the determination of net income continue to be presented within operating activities. The new standard takes effect in 2017
for public business entities and 2018 for all other entities. We have not adopted the provisions of ASU No. 2016-09. We are currently
evaluating the impact of our pending adoption of ASU 2016-09 on our consolidated financial statements. 

ITEM 3. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET
RISK.  

Not applicable. 

ITEM 4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES  

Our management, with the participation of
our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures
as of September 30, 2016. The term  disclosure controls and procedures,  as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)
under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended ( Exchange Act ), means controls and other procedures of a company
that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by a company in the reports that it files or submits under
the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange
Commission s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed
to ensure that information required to be disclosed by a company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act
is accumulated and communicated to the company s management, including its principal executive and principal financial officers,
as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Management recognizes that any controls and procedures,
no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving their objectives and management necessarily
applies its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures. Based on the evaluation of
our disclosure controls and procedures as of September 30, 2016, our principal executive officer and principal financial officer
concluded that, as of such date, the Company s disclosure controls and procedures were effective at the reasonable assurance
level. 

No change in our internal control over financial
reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) occurred during the quarter ended September 30,
2016 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

PART II OTHER INFORMATION  

ITEM 1. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS    

On October 10, 2013, a putative securities
class action complaint, captioned Cook v. Atossa Genetics, Inc., et al., No. 2:13-cv-01836-RSM, was filed in the United States
District Court for the Western District of Washington against us, certain of our directors and officers and the underwriters of
our November 2012 initial public offering. The complaint alleges that all defendants violated Sections 11 and 12(a)(2), and
that we and certain of our directors and officers violated Section 15, of the Securities Act by making material false and misleading
statements and omissions in the offering s registration statement, and that we and certain of our directors and officers
violated Sections 10(b) and 20A of the Exchange Act and SEC Rule 10b-5 promulgated thereunder by making false and misleading statements
and omissions in the registration statement and in certain of our subsequent press releases and SEC filings with respect to our
NAF specimen collection process, our ForeCYTE Breast Health Test and our MASCT device. This action seeks, on behalf of persons
who purchased our common stock between November 8, 2012 and October 4, 2013, inclusive, damages of an unspecific amount. 

On February 14, 2014, the Court appointed
plaintiffs Miko Levi, Bandar Almosa and Gregory Harrison (collectively, the  Levi Group ) as lead plaintiffs, and approved
their selection of co-lead counsel and liaison counsel. The Court also amended the caption of the case to read In re Atossa
Genetics, Inc. Securities Litigation. No. 2:13-cv-01836-RSM. An amended complaint was filed on April 15, 2014. The Company
and other defendants filed motions to dismiss the amended complaint on May 30, 2014. On October 6, 2014 the Court granted defendants 
motion dismissing all claims against Atossa and all other defendants. On October 30, 2014, the Court entered a final order of dismissal.
On November 3, 2014, plaintiffs filed a notice of appeal with the Court and have appealed the Court s dismissal order to
the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit. On February 11, 2015, plaintiffs filed their opening appellate brief. Defendants
filed an answering brief on April 13, 2015 and plaintiffs fileda reply brief in support of their appeal on May 18, 2015. A hearing
for the appeal has not been set. 

We believe this complaint is without merit and
plan to defend ourselves vigorously; however failure to obtain a favorable resolution of the claims set forth in the complaint
could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.  Currently, the amount
of such material adverse effect cannot be reasonably estimated, and no provision or liability has been recorded for these claims
as of September 30, 2016. The costs associated with defending and resolving the complaint and ultimate outcome cannot be predicted. These
matters are subject to inherent uncertainties and the actual cost, as well as the distraction from the conduct of our business,
will depend upon many unknown factors and management s view of these may change in the future. 

On January 28, 2016, we filed a complaint in the United States District Court for the District of Delaware
captioned  Atossa Genetics Inc. v. Besins Healthcare Luxembourg SARL  , Case No. 1:16-cv-00045-UNA (the  Litigation ).
The complaint asserts claims for breach of contract, breach of the implied covenant of good faith and fair dealing, and for declaratory
relief against Defendant Besins Healthcare Luxembourg SARL ( Besins ). The complaint was served upon Besins on February
15, 2016. Our claims arise from Besins  breach of an Intellectual Property License Agreement dated May 14, 2015 (the  License
Agreement ), under which Besins licensed to us the worldwide exclusive rights to develop and commercialize Afimoxifene Topical
Gel, or AfTG, for the potential treatment and prevention of hyperplasia of the breast. The complaint seeks compensatory damages,
a declaration of the parties  rights and obligations under the License Agreement, and injunctive relief. On March 7, 2016,
Besins filed its response to the Company s complaint, generally denying liability for the Company s claims and asserting
counterclaims for breach of contract, fraud, negligent misrepresentation, and declaratory judgment. 

On August 4, 2016, Atossa and Besins agreed,
pursuant to a Termination Agreement, to terminate the License Agreement, dismiss the Litigation, and settle all claims and counterclaims
asserted in the Litigation.  Atossa and Besins have further agreed, pursuant to and as set forth in the Termination Agreement,
that Besins will assume, and Atossa shall have no further rights to, all clinical, regulatory, manufacturing, and all other development
and commercialization of 4-hydroxy tamoxifen and Afimoxifene Topical Gel (the  AfTG Program ). In consideration for
Atossa s comprehensive relinquishment of all rights granted in the License Agreement, termination of the License Agreement,
cessation of all efforts to develop Afimoxifene Gel, delivery of all API manufactured to date, assignment of a Drug Master File,
delivery to Besins of the work product Atossa has completed to date, and other consideration, Besins reimbursed Atossa for
out-of-pocket expenses incurred by Atossa to pursue the AfTG Program and made a termination payment in the total amount of $1,762,931. 

ITEM 1A.  RISK FACTORS  

RISK FACTORS  

A purchase of our shares of Common Stock
is an investment in our securities and involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider the following information
about these risks, together with the other information contained in this report, before purchasing our securities. If any of the
following risks actually occur, our business, financial condition and results of operations would likely suffer. In that case,
the market price of the Common Stock could decline, and you may lose part or all of your investment in our company. Additional
risks of which we are not presently aware or that we currently believe are immaterial may also harm our business and results of
operations.  

There has been no material changes to the
risk factors described in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K, as filed with the SEC on March 30, 2016. 

ITEM 2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF
PROCEEDS  

Not applicable. 

ITEM 3. DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES  

Not applicable. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES  

Not applicable. 

ITEM 5. OTHER INFORMATION  

ITEM 6. EXHIBITS  

(a)  
      Exhibits   

SIGNATURES  

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

Date: November 14, 2016 

/s/ Steven C. Quay  

President and Chief Executive Officer  

(On behalf of the Registrant)  

/s/ Kyle Guse  

Kyle Guse  

Chief Financial Officer, General Counsel and Secretary  

(As Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)  

<EX-10.3>
 2
 v450738_ex10-3.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.3

Exhibit 10.3  

ATOSSA GENETICS INC.  

2010 STOCK OPTION
AND INCENTIVE PLAN  

(as amended)  

SECTION 1.  
       GENERAL PURPOSE OF THE PLAN; DEFINITIONS    

The name of the
plan is the Atossa Genetics Inc. 2010 Stock Option and Incentive Plan (the  Plan ).  The purpose of the Plan is
to encourage and enable the officers, employees, Non-Employee Directors and other key persons (including Consultants and prospective
employees) of Atossa Genetics Inc. (the  Company ) and its Subsidiaries upon whose judgment, initiative and efforts
the Company largely depends for the successful conduct of its business to acquire a proprietary interest in the Company. 
It is anticipated that providing such persons with a direct stake in the Company s welfare will assure a closer identification
of their interests with those of the Company and its stockholders, thereby stimulating their efforts on the Company s behalf
and strengthening their desire to remain with the Company. 

The following terms
shall be defined as set forth below: 

Act   means
the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations thereunder. 

Administrator   means
either the Board or the compensation committee of the Board or a similar committee performing the functions of the compensation
committee and which is comprised of not less than two Non-Employee Directors who are independent. 

Award   or   Awards,   except
where referring to a particular category of grant under the Plan, shall include Incentive Stock Options, Non-Qualified Stock Options,
Stock Appreciation Rights, Restricted Stock Units, Restricted Stock Awards, Unrestricted Stock Awards, Cash-Based Awards, Performance
Share Awards and Dividend Equivalent Rights. 

Award
Certificate   means a written or electronic document setting forth the terms and provisions applicable to an Award
granted under the Plan.  Each Award Certificate is subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan. 

Board   means
the Board of Directors of the Company. 

Cash-Based
Award   means an Award entitling the recipient to receive a cash-denominated payment. 

Code   means
the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and any successor Code, and related rules, regulations and interpretations. 

Consultant   means
any natural person that provides bona fide services to the Company, and such services are not in connection with the offer or sale
of securities in a capital-raising transaction and do not directly or indirectly promote or maintain a market for the Company s
securities. 

Covered
Employee   means an employee who is a  Covered Employee  within the meaning of Section 162(m) of
the Code. 

Dividend
Equivalent Right   means an Award entitling the grantee to receive credits based on cash dividends that would have
been paid on the shares of Stock specified in the Dividend Equivalent Right (or other award to which it relates) if such shares
had been issued to and held by the grantee. 

Effective
Date   means the date on which the Plan is approved by stockholders as set forth in Section 21. 

Exchange
Act   means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations thereunder. 

Fair
Market Value   of the Stock on any given date means the fair market value of the Stock determined in good faith by
the Administrator; provided, however, that if the Stock is admitted to quotation on the National Association of Securities Dealers
Automated Quotation System ( NASDAQ ), NASDAQ Global Market or another national securities exchange, the determination
shall be made by reference to market quotations.  If there are no market quotations for such date, the determination shall
be made by reference to the last date preceding such date for which there are market quotations; provided further, however, that
if the date for which Fair Market Value is determined is the first day when trading prices for the Stock are reported on a national
securities exchange, the Fair Market Value shall be the  Price to the Public  (or equivalent) set forth on the cover
page for the final prospectus relating to the Company s Initial Public Offering. 

Incentive
Stock Option   means any Stock Option designated and qualified as an  incentive stock option  as defined
in Section 422 of the Code. 

Initial
Public Offering   means the consummation of the first fully underwritten, firm commitment public offering pursuant
to an effective registration statement under the Act covering the offer and sale by the Company of its equity securities, or such
other event as a result of or following which the Stock shall be publicly held. 

Non-Employee
Director   means a member of the Board who is not also an employee of the Company or any Subsidiary. 

Non-Qualified
Stock Option   means any Stock Option that is not an Incentive Stock Option. 

Option   or   Stock
Option   means any option to purchase shares of Stock granted pursuant to Section 5. 

Performance-Based
Award   means any Restricted Stock Award, Restricted Stock Units, Performance Share Award or Cash-Based Award granted
to a Covered Employee that is intended to qualify as  performance-based compensation  under Section 162(m) of the Code
and the regulations promulgated thereunder. 

Performance
Criteria   means the criteria that the Administrator selects for purposes of establishing the Performance Goal or
Performance Goals for an individual for a Performance Cycle.  The Performance Criteria (which shall be applicable to the organizational
level specified by the Administrator, including, but not limited to, the Company or a unit, division, group, or Subsidiary of the
Company) that will be used to establish Performance Goals are limited to the following:  earnings before interest, taxes,
depreciation and amortization, net income (loss) (either before or after interest, taxes, depreciation and/or amortization), changes
in the market price of the Stock, economic value-added, funds from operations or similar measure, sales or revenue, acquisitions
or strategic transactions, operating income (loss), cash flow (including, but not limited to, operating cash flow and free cash
flow), return on capital, assets, equity, or investment, stockholder returns, return on sales, gross or net profit levels, productivity,
expense, margins, operating efficiency, customer satisfaction, working capital, earnings (loss) per share of Stock, sales or market
shares and number of customers, any of which may be measured either in absolute terms or as compared to any incremental increase
or as compared to results of a peer group. 

Performance
Cycle   means one or more periods of time, which may be of varying and overlapping durations, as the Administrator
may select, over which the attainment of one or more Performance Criteria will be measured for the purpose of determining a grantee s
right to and the payment of a Restricted Stock Award, Restricted Stock Units, Performance Share Award or Cash-Based Award. 
Each such period shall not be less than 12 months. 

Performance
Goals   means, for a Performance Cycle, the specific goals established in writing by the Administrator for a Performance
Cycle based upon the Performance Criteria. 

Performance
Share Award   means an Award entitling the recipient to acquire shares of Stock upon the attainment of specified
Performance Goals. 

Restricted
Stock Award   means an Award entitling the recipient to acquire, at such purchase price (which may be zero) as determined
by the Administrator, shares of Stock subject to such restrictions and conditions as the Administrator may determine at the time
of grant. 

Restricted
Stock Units   means an Award of phantom stock units to a grantee. 

Sale
Event   shall mean (i) the sale of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company on a consolidated basis
to an unrelated person or entity, (ii) a merger, reorganization or consolidation pursuant to which the holders of the Company s
outstanding voting power immediately prior to such transaction do not own a majority of the outstanding voting power of the resulting
or successor entity (or its ultimate parent, if applicable) immediately upon completion of such transaction, (iii) the sale of
all of the Stock of the Company to an unrelated person or entity, or (iv) any other transaction in which the owners of the Company s
outstanding voting power prior to such transaction do not own at least a majority of the outstanding voting power of the Company
or any successor entity immediately upon completion of the transaction other than as a result of the acquisition of securities
directly from the Company. 

Sale
Price   means the value as determined by the Administrator of the consideration payable, or otherwise to be received by
stockholders, per share of Stock pursuant to a Sale Event. 

Section
409A   means Section 409A of the Code and the regulations and other guidance promulgated thereunder. 

Stock   means
the Common Stock, par value $0.001 per share, of the Company, subject to adjustments pursuant to Section 3. 

Stock
Appreciation Right   means an Award entitling the recipient to receive shares of Stock having a value equal to the
excess of the Fair Market Value of the Stock on the date of exercise over the exercise price of the Stock Appreciation Right multiplied
by the number of shares of Stock with respect to which the Stock Appreciation Right shall have been exercised. 

Subsidiary   means
any corporation or other entity (other than the Company) in which the Company has at least a 50 percent interest, either directly
or indirectly. 

Ten Percent
Owner   means an employee who owns or is deemed to own (by reason of the attribution rules of Section 424(d) of the
Code) more than 10 percent of the combined voting power of all classes of stock of the Company or any parent or subsidiary corporation. 

Unrestricted
Stock Award   means an Award of shares of Stock free of any restrictions. 

SECTION 2.  
       ADMINISTRATION OF PLAN; ADMINISTRATOR AUTHORITY TO SELECT GRANTEES AND DETERMINE AWARDS    

(a)          Administration
of Plan .  The Plan shall be administered by the Administrator. 

(b)          Powers
of Administrator .  The Administrator shall have the power and authority to grant Awards consistent with the terms of the
Plan, including the power and authority: 

(i)           to
select the individuals to whom Awards may from time to time be granted; 

(ii)          to
determine the time or times of grant, and the extent, if any, of Incentive Stock Options, Non-Qualified Stock Options, Stock Appreciation
Rights, Restricted Stock Awards, Restricted Stock Units, Unrestricted Stock Awards, Cash-Based Awards, Performance Share Awards
and Dividend Equivalent Rights, or any combination of the foregoing, granted to any one or more grantees; 

(iii)         to
determine the number of shares of Stock to be covered by any Award; 

(iv)        to
determine and modify from time to time the terms and conditions, including restrictions, not inconsistent with the terms of the
Plan, of any Award, which terms and conditions may differ among individual Awards and grantees, and to approve the forms of Award
Certificates; 

(v)         to
accelerate at any time the exercisability or vesting of all or any portion of any Award; 

(vi)        subject
to the provisions of Section 5(b), to extend at any time the period in which Stock Options may be exercised; and 

(vii)       at
any time to adopt, alter and repeal such rules, guidelines and practices for administration of the Plan and for its own acts and
proceedings as it shall deem advisable; to interpret the terms and provisions of the Plan and any Award (including related written
instruments); to make all determinations it deems advisable for the administration of the Plan; to decide all disputes arising
in connection with the Plan; and to otherwise supervise the administration of the Plan. 

All decisions and
interpretations of the Administrator shall be binding on all persons, including the Company and Plan grantees. 

(c)          Award
Certificate .  Awards under the Plan shall be evidenced by Award Certificates that set forth the terms, conditions and
limitations for each Award which may include, without limitation, the term of an Award and the provisions applicable in the event
employment or service terminates. 

(d)          Indemnification . 
Neither the Board nor the Administrator, nor any member of either or any delegate thereof, shall be liable for any act, omission,
interpretation, construction or determination made in good faith in connection with the Plan, and the members of the Board and
the Administrator (and any delegate thereof) shall be entitled in all cases to indemnification and reimbursement by the Company
in respect of any claim, loss, damage or expense (including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys  fees) arising or resulting
therefrom to the fullest extent permitted by law and/or under the Company s articles or bylaws or any directors  and
officers  liability insurance coverage which may be in effect from time to time and/or any indemnification agreement between
such individual and the Company. 

(e)          Foreign
Award Recipients .  Notwithstanding any provision of the Plan to the contrary, in order to comply with the laws in other
countries in which the Company and its Subsidiaries operate or have employees or other individuals eligible for Awards, the Administrator,
in its sole discretion, shall have the power and authority to:  (i) determine which Subsidiaries shall be covered by
the Plan; (ii) determine which individuals outside the United States are eligible to participate in the Plan; (iii) modify the
terms and conditions of any Award granted to individuals outside the United States to comply with applicable foreign laws; (iv)
establish subplans and modify exercise procedures and other terms and procedures, to the extent the Administrator determines such
actions to be necessary or advisable (and such subplans and/or modifications shall be attached to this Plan as appendices); provided,
however, that no such subplans and/or modifications shall increase the share limitations contained in Section 3(a) hereof; and
(v) take any action, before or after   an Award is made, that the Administrator determines to be necessary or advisable
to obtain approval or comply with any local governmental regulatory exemptions or approvals.  Notwithstanding the foregoing,
the Administrator may not take any actions hereunder, and no Awards shall be granted, that would violate the Exchange Act or any
other applicable United States securities law, the Code, or any other applicable United States governing statute or law. 

SECTION 3.  
       STOCK ISSUABLE UNDER THE PLAN; MERGERS; SUBSTITUTION    

(a)          Stock
Issuable .  The maximum number of shares of Stock reserved and available for issuance under the Plan shall be 200,000
shares (as adjusted to reflect the reverse stock split in August 2016 and the addition of additional shares in May 2016; the  Initial
Limit ), subject to adjustment as provided in Section 3(b), plus on January 1, 2013 and each January 1 thereafter, the number
of shares of Stock reserved and available for issuance under the Plan shall be cumulatively increased by 4 percent (4%) of the
number of shares of Stock issued and outstanding on the immediately preceding December 31 (the  Annual Increase ). 
Subject to such overall limitation, the maximum aggregate number of shares of Stock that may be issued in the form of Incentive
Stock Options shall not exceed the Initial Limit cumulatively increased on January 1, 2013 and on each January 1 thereafter by
the lesser of the Annual Increase for such year or 50% of the Initial Limit, subject in all cases to adjustment as provided in
Section 3(b).  For purposes of this limitation, the shares of Stock underlying any Awards that are forfeited, canceled, held
back upon exercise of an Option or settlement of an Award to cover the exercise price or tax withholding, reacquired by the Company
prior to vesting, satisfied without the issuance of Stock or otherwise terminated (other than by exercise) shall be added back
to the shares of Stock available for issuance under the Plan.  In the event the Company repurchases shares of Stock on the
open market, such shares shall not be added to the shares of Stock available for issuance under the Plan.  Subject to such
overall limitations, shares of Stock may be issued up to such maximum number pursuant to any type or types of Award; provided,
however, that Stock Options or Stock Appreciation Rights with respect to no more than 50% of the Initial Limit may be granted to
any one individual grantee during any one calendar year period.  The shares available for issuance under the Plan may be authorized
but unissued shares of Stock or shares of Stock reacquired by the Company. 

(b)         Changes
in Stock .  Subject to Section 3(c) hereof, if, as a result of any reorganization, recapitalization, reclassification,
stock dividend, stock split, reverse stock split or other similar change in the Company s capital stock, the outstanding
shares of Stock are increased or decreased or are exchanged for a different number or kind of shares or other securities of the
Company, or additional shares or new or different shares or other securities of the Company or other non-cash assets are distributed
with respect to such shares of Stock or other securities, or, if, as a result of any merger or consolidation, sale of all or substantially
all of the assets of the Company, the outstanding shares of Stock are converted into or exchanged for securities of the Company
or any successor entity (or a parent or subsidiary thereof), the Administrator shall make an appropriate or proportionate adjustment
in (i) the maximum number of shares reserved for issuance under the Plan, including the maximum number of shares that may be issued
in the form of Incentive Stock Options, (ii) the number of Stock Options or Stock Appreciation Rights that can be granted to any
one individual grantee and the maximum number of shares that may be granted under a Performance-Based Award, (iii) the number and
kind of shares or other securities subject to any then outstanding Awards under the Plan, (iv) the repurchase price, if any, per
share subject to each outstanding Restricted Stock Award, and (v) the exercise price for each share subject to any then outstanding
Stock Options and Stock Appreciation Rights under the Plan, without changing the aggregate exercise price (i.e., the exercise price
multiplied by the number of Stock Options and Stock Appreciation Rights) as to which such Stock Options and Stock Appreciation
Rights remain exercisable.  The Administrator shall also make equitable or proportionate adjustments in the number of shares
subject to outstanding Awards and the exercise price and the terms of outstanding Awards to take into consideration cash dividends
paid other than in the ordinary course or any other extraordinary corporate event.  The adjustment by the Administrator shall
be final, binding and conclusive.  No fractional shares of Stock shall be issued under the Plan resulting from any such adjustment,
but the Administrator in its discretion may make a cash payment in lieu of fractional shares. 

(c)          Mergers
and Other Transactions .  Except as the Administrator may otherwise specify with respect to particular Awards in the relevant
Award Certificate, in the case of and subject to the consummation of a Sale Event, the Plan and all outstanding Awards granted
hereunder shall terminate, unless provision is made in connection with the Sale Event in the sole discretion of the parties thereto
for the assumption or continuation of Awards theretofore granted by the successor entity, or the substitution of such Awards with
new Awards of the successor entity or parent thereof, with appropriate adjustment as to the number and kind of shares and, if appropriate,
the per share exercise prices, as such parties shall agree (after taking into account any acceleration hereunder).  In the
event of such termination, (i) the Company shall have the option (in its sole discretion) to make or provide for a cash payment
to the grantees holding Options and Stock Appreciation Rights, in exchange for the cancellation thereof, in an amount equal to
the difference between (A) the Sale Price multiplied by the number of shares of Stock subject to outstanding Options and Stock
Appreciation Rights (to the extent then exercisable (after taking into account any acceleration hereunder) at prices not in excess
of the Sale Price) and (B) the aggregate exercise price of all such outstanding Options and Stock Appreciation Rights; or (ii)
each grantee shall be permitted, within a specified period of time prior to the consummation of the Sale Event as determined by
the Administrator, to exercise all outstanding Options and Stock Appreciation Rights held by such grantee.  The Administrator
shall also have the discretion to accelerate the vesting of all other Awards. 

(d)         Substitute
Awards .  The Administrator may grant Awards under the Plan in substitution for stock and stock based awards held by employees,
directors or other key persons of another corporation in connection with the merger or consolidation of the employing corporation
with the Company or a Subsidiary or the acquisition by the Company or a Subsidiary of property or stock of the employing corporation. 
The Administrator may direct that the substitute awards be granted on such terms and conditions as the Administrator considers
appropriate in the circumstances.  Any substitute Awards granted under the Plan shall not count against the share limitation
set forth in Section 3(a). 

SECTION 4.  
       ELIGIBILITY    

Grantees under
the Plan will be such full or part-time officers and other employees, Non-Employee Directors and key persons (including Consultants
and prospective employees) of the Company and its Subsidiaries as are selected from time to time by the Administrator in its sole
discretion. 

SECTION 5.  
       STOCK OPTIONS    

Any Stock Option
granted under the Plan shall be in such form as the Administrator may from time to time approve. 

Stock Options granted
under the Plan may be either Incentive Stock Options or Non-Qualified Stock Options.  Incentive Stock Options may be granted
only to employees of the Company or any Subsidiary that is a  subsidiary corporation  within the meaning of Section 424(f)
of the Code.  To the extent that any Option does not qualify as an Incentive Stock Option, it shall be deemed a Non-Qualified
Stock Option. 

Stock Options granted
pursuant to this Section 5 shall be subject to the following terms and conditions and shall contain such additional terms
and conditions, not inconsistent with the terms of the Plan, as the Administrator shall deem desirable.  If the Administrator
so determines, Stock Options may be granted in lieu of cash compensation at the optionee s election, subject to such terms
and conditions as the Administrator may establish. 

(a)          Exercise
Price .  The exercise price per share for the Stock covered by a Stock Option granted pursuant to this Section 5 shall
be determined by the Administrator at the time of grant but shall not be less than 100 percent of the Fair Market Value on the
date of grant.  In the case of an Incentive Stock Option that is granted to a Ten Percent Owner, the option price of such
Incentive Stock Option shall be not less than 110 percent of the Fair Market Value on the grant date. 

(b)          Option
Term .  The term of each Stock Option shall be fixed by the Administrator, but no Stock Option shall be exercisable more
than ten years after the date the Stock Option is granted.  In the case of an Incentive Stock Option that is granted to a
Ten Percent Owner, the term of such Stock Option shall be no more than five years from the date of grant. 

(c)          Exercisability;
Rights of a Stockholder .  Stock Options shall become exercisable at such time or times, whether or not in installments,
as shall be determined by the Administrator at or after the grant date.  The Administrator may at any time accelerate the
exercisability of all or any portion of any Stock Option.  An optionee shall have the rights of a stockholder only as to shares
acquired upon the exercise of a Stock Option and not as to unexercised Stock Options. 

(d)         Method
of Exercise .  Stock Options may be exercised in whole or in part, by giving written or electronic notice of exercise to
the Company, specifying the number of shares to be purchased.  Payment of the purchase price may be made by one or more of
the following methods to the extent provided in the Option Award Certificate: 

(i)           In
cash, by certified or bank check or other instrument acceptable to the Administrator; 

(ii)          Through
the delivery (or attestation to the ownership) of shares of Stock that have been purchased by the optionee on the open market or
that have been beneficially owned by the optionee for at least six months and that are not then subject to restrictions under any
Company plan.  Such surrendered shares shall be valued at Fair Market Value on the exercise date; 

(iii)         By
the optionee delivering to the Company a properly executed exercise notice together with irrevocable instructions to a broker to
promptly deliver to the Company cash or a check payable and acceptable to the Company for the purchase price; provided that in
the event the optionee chooses to pay the purchase price as so provided, the optionee and the broker shall comply with such procedures
and enter into such agreements of indemnity and other agreements as the Administrator shall prescribe as a condition of such payment
procedure; or 

(iv)        With
respect to Stock Options that are not Incentive Stock Options, by a  net exercise  arrangement pursuant to which the
Company will reduce the number of shares of Stock issuable upon exercise by the largest whole number of shares with a Fair Market
Value that does not exceed the aggregate exercise price. 

Payment instruments will be received
subject to collection.  The transfer to the optionee on the records of the Company or of the transfer agent of the shares
of Stock to be purchased pursuant to the exercise of a Stock Option will be contingent upon receipt from the optionee (or a purchaser
acting in his stead in accordance with the provisions of the Stock Option) by the Company of the full purchase price for such shares
and the fulfillment of any other requirements contained in the Option Award Certificate or applicable provisions of laws (including
the satisfaction of any withholding taxes that the Company is obligated to withhold with respect to the optionee).  In the
event an optionee chooses to pay the purchase price by previously-owned shares of Stock through the attestation method, the number
of shares of Stock transferred to the optionee upon the exercise of the Stock Option shall be net of the number of attested shares. 
In the event that the Company establishes, for itself or using the services of a third party, an automated system for the exercise
of Stock Options, such as a system using an internet website or interactive voice response, then the paperless exercise of Stock
Options may be permitted through the use of such an automated system. 

(e)          Annual
Limit on Incentive Stock Options .  To the extent required for  incentive stock option  treatment under Section 422
of the Code, the aggregate Fair Market Value (determined as of the time of grant) of the shares of Stock with respect to which
Incentive Stock Options granted under this Plan and any other plan of the Company or its parent and subsidiary corporations become
exercisable for the first time by an optionee during any calendar year shall not exceed $100,000.  To the extent that any
Stock Option exceeds this limit, it shall constitute a Non-Qualified Stock Option. 

SECTION 6.  
       STOCK APPRECIATION RIGHTS    

(a)          Exercise
Price of Stock Appreciation Rights .  The exercise price of a Stock Appreciation Right shall not be less than 100 percent
of the Fair Market Value of the Stock on the date of grant. 

(b)          Grant
and Exercise of Stock Appreciation Rights .  Stock Appreciation Rights may be granted by the Administrator independently
of any Stock Option granted pursuant to Section 5 of the Plan. 

(c)          Terms
and Conditions of Stock Appreciation Rights .  Stock Appreciation Rights shall be subject to such terms and conditions
as shall be determined from time to time by the Administrator.  The term of a Stock Appreciation Right may not exceed ten
years. 

SECTION 7.  
       RESTRICTED STOCK AWARDS    

(a)          Nature
of Restricted Stock Awards .  The Administrator shall determine the restrictions and conditions applicable to each Restricted
Stock Award at the time of grant.  Conditions may be based on continuing employment (or other service relationship) and/or
achievement of pre-established performance goals and objectives.  The terms and conditions of each such Award Certificate
shall be determined by the Administrator, and such terms and conditions may differ among individual Awards and grantees. 

(b)         Rights
as a Stockholder .  Upon the grant of the Restricted Stock Award and payment of any applicable purchase price, a grantee
shall have the rights of a stockholder with respect to the voting of the Restricted Stock, subject to such conditions contained
in the Restricted Stock Award Certificate.  Unless the Administrator shall otherwise determine, (i) uncertificated Restricted
Stock shall be accompanied by a notation on the records of the Company or the transfer agent to the effect that they are subject
to forfeiture until such Restricted Stock are vested as provided in Section 7(d) below, and (ii) certificated Restricted Stock
shall remain in the possession of the Company until such Restricted Stock is vested as provided in Section 7(d) below, and
the grantee shall be required, as a condition of the grant, to deliver to the Company such instruments of transfer as the Administrator
may prescribe. 

(c)          Restrictions . 
Restricted Stock may not be sold, assigned, transferred, pledged or otherwise encumbered or disposed of except as specifically
provided herein or in the Restricted Stock Award Certificate.  Except as may otherwise be provided by the Administrator either
in the Award Certificate or, subject to Section 18 below, in writing after the Award is issued, if a grantee s employment
(or other service relationship) with the Company and its Subsidiaries terminates for any reason, any Restricted Stock that has
not vested at the time of termination shall automatically and without any requirement of notice to such grantee from or other action
by or on behalf of, the Company be deemed to have been reacquired by the Company at its original purchase price (if any) from such
grantee or such grantee s legal representative simultaneously with such termination of employment (or other service relationship),
and thereafter shall cease to represent any ownership of the Company by the grantee or rights of the grantee as a stockholder. 
Following such deemed reacquisition of unvested Restricted Stock that are represented by physical certificates, a grantee shall
surrender such certificates to the Company upon request without consideration. 

(d)         Vesting
of Restricted Stock .  The Administrator at the time of grant shall specify the date or dates and/or the attainment of
pre-established performance goals, objectives and other conditions on which the non-transferability of the Restricted Stock and
the Company s right of repurchase or forfeiture shall lapse.  Subsequent to such date or dates and/or the attainment
of such pre-established performance goals, objectives and other conditions, the shares on which all restrictions have lapsed shall
no longer be Restricted Stock and shall be deemed  vested.   Except as may otherwise be provided by the Administrator
either in the Award Certificate or, subject to Section 18 below, in writing after the Award is issued, a grantee s rights
in any shares of Restricted Stock that have not vested shall automatically terminate upon the grantee s termination of employment
(or other service relationship) with the Company and its Subsidiaries and such shares shall be subject to the provisions of Section 7(c)
above. 

SECTION 8.  
       RESTRICTED STOCK UNITS    

(a)          Nature
of Restricted Stock Units .   The Administrator shall determine the restrictions and conditions applicable to each
Restricted Stock Unit at the time of grant.  Conditions may be based on continuing employment (or other service relationship)
and/or achievement of pre-established performance goals and objectives.  The terms and conditions of each such Award Certificate
shall be determined by the Administrator, and such terms and conditions may differ among individual Awards and grantees. 
At the end of the deferral period, the Restricted Stock Units, to the extent vested, shall be settled in the form of shares of
Stock.  To the extent that an award of Restricted Stock Units is subject to Section 409A, it may contain such additional terms
and conditions as the Administrator shall determine in its sole discretion in order for such Award to comply with the requirements
of Section 409A. 

(b)         Election
to Receive Restricted Stock Units in Lieu of Compensation .  The Administrator may, in its sole discretion, permit a grantee
to elect to receive a portion of future cash compensation otherwise due to such grantee in the form of an award of Restricted Stock
Units.  Any such election shall be made in writing and shall be delivered to the Company no later than the date specified
by the Administrator and in accordance with Section 409A and such other rules and procedures established by the Administrator. 
Any such future cash compensation that the grantee elects to defer shall be converted to a fixed number of Restricted Stock Units
based on the Fair Market Value of Stock on the date the compensation would otherwise have been paid to the grantee if such payment
had not been deferred as provided herein.  The Administrator shall have the sole right to determine whether and under what
circumstances to permit such elections and to impose such limitations and other terms and conditions thereon as the Administrator
deems appropriate.  Any Restricted Stock Units that are elected to be received in lieu of cash compensation shall be fully
vested, unless otherwise provided in the Award Certificate. 

(c)          Rights
as a Stockholder .  A grantee shall have the rights as a stockholder only as to shares of Stock acquired by the grantee
upon settlement of Restricted Stock Units; provided, however, that the grantee may be credited with Dividend Equivalent Rights
with respect to the phantom stock units underlying his Restricted Stock Units, subject to such terms and conditions as the Administrator
may determine. 

(d)         Termination . 
Except as may otherwise be provided by the Administrator either in the Award Certificate or, subject to Section 18 below,
in writing after the Award is issued, a grantee s right in all Restricted Stock Units that have not vested shall automatically
terminate upon the grantee s termination of employment (or cessation of service relationship) with the Company and its Subsidiaries
for any reason. 

SECTION 9.  
       UNRESTRICTED STOCK AWARDS    

Grant or Sale
of Unrestricted Stock .  The Administrator may, in its sole discretion, grant (or sell at par value or such higher purchase
price determined by the Administrator) an Unrestricted Stock Award under the Plan.  Unrestricted Stock Awards may be granted
in respect of past services or other valid consideration, or in lieu of cash compensation due to such grantee. 

SECTION 10.  
       CASH-BASED AWARDS    

Grant of Cash-Based
Awards .  The Administrator may, in its sole discretion, grant Cash-Based Awards to any grantee in such number or amount
and upon such terms, and subject to such conditions, as the Administrator shall determine at the time of grant.  The Administrator
shall determine the maximum duration of the Cash-Based Award, the amount of cash to which the Cash-Based Award pertains, the conditions
upon which the Cash-Based Award shall become vested or payable, and such other provisions as the Administrator shall determine. 
Each Cash-Based Award shall specify a cash-denominated payment amount, formula or payment ranges as determined by the Administrator. 
Payment, if any, with respect to a Cash-Based Award shall be made in accordance with the terms of the Award and may be made in
cash or in shares of Stock, as the Administrator determines. 

SECTION 11.  
       PERFORMANCE SHARE AWARDS    

(a)          Nature
of Performance Share Awards .  The Administrator may, in its sole discretion, grant Performance Share Awards independent
of, or in connection with, the granting of any other Award under the Plan.  The Administrator shall determine whether and
to whom Performance Share Awards shall be granted, the Performance Goals, the periods during which performance is to be measured,
and such other limitations and conditions as the Administrator shall determine. 

(b)         Rights
as a Stockholder .  A grantee receiving a Performance Share Award shall have the rights of a stockholder only as to shares
actually received by the grantee under the Plan and not with respect to shares subject to the Award but not actually received by
the grantee.  A grantee shall be entitled to receive shares of Stock under a Performance Share Award only upon satisfaction
of all conditions specified in the Performance Share Award Certificate (or in a performance plan adopted by the Administrator). 

(c)          Termination . 
Except as may otherwise be provided by the Administrator either in the Award agreement or, subject to Section 18 below, in
writing after the Award is issued, a grantee s rights in all Performance Share Awards shall automatically terminate upon
the grantee s termination of employment (or cessation of service relationship) with the Company and its Subsidiaries for
any reason. 

SECTION 12.  
       PERFORMANCE-BASED AWARDS TO COVERED EMPLOYEES    

(a)          Performance-Based
Awards .  Any employee or other key person providing services to the Company and who is selected by the Administrator may
be granted one or more Performance-Based Awards in the form of a Restricted Stock Award, Restricted Stock Units, Performance Share
Awards or Cash-Based Award payable upon the attainment of Performance Goals that are established by the Administrator and relate
to one or more of the Performance Criteria, in each case on a specified date or dates or over any period or periods determined
by the Administrator.  The Administrator shall define in an objective fashion the manner of calculating the Performance Criteria
it selects to use for any Performance Cycle.  Depending on the Performance Criteria used to establish such Performance Goals,
the Performance Goals may be expressed in terms of overall Company performance or the performance of a division, business unit,
or an individual.  The Administrator, in its discretion, may adjust or modify the calculation of Performance Goals for such
Performance Cycle in order to prevent the dilution or enlargement of the rights of an individual (i) in the event of, or in anticipation
of, any unusual or extraordinary corporate item, transaction, event or development, (ii) in recognition of, or in anticipation
of, any other unusual or nonrecurring events affecting the Company, or the financial statements of the Company, or (iii) in response
to, or in anticipation of, changes in applicable laws, regulations, accounting principles, or business conditions provided however,
that the Administrator may not exercise such discretion in a manner that would increase the Performance-Based Award granted to
a Covered Employee.  Each Performance-Based Award shall comply with the provisions set forth below. 

(b)         Grant
of Performance-Based Awards .  With respect to each Performance-Based Award granted to a Covered Employee, the Administrator
shall select, within the first 90 days of a Performance Cycle (or, if shorter, within the maximum period allowed under Section 162(m)
of the Code) the Performance Criteria for such grant, and the Performance Goals with respect to each Performance Criterion (including
a threshold level of performance below which no amount will become payable with respect to such Award).  Each Performance-Based
Award will specify the amount payable, or the formula for determining the amount payable, upon achievement of the various applicable
performance targets.  The Performance Criteria established by the Administrator may be (but need not be) different for each
Performance Cycle and different Performance Goals may be applicable to Performance-Based Awards to different Covered Employees. 

(c)          Payment
of Performance-Based Awards .  Following the completion of a Performance Cycle, the Administrator shall meet to review
and certify in writing whether, and to what extent, the Performance Goals for the Performance Cycle have been achieved and, if
so, to also calculate and certify in writing the amount of the Performance-Based Awards earned for the Performance Cycle. 
The Administrator shall then determine the actual size of each Covered Employee s Performance-Based Award, and, in doing
so, may reduce or eliminate the amount of the Performance-Based Award for a Covered Employee if, in its sole judgment, such reduction
or elimination is appropriate. 

(d)         Maximum
Award Payable .  The maximum Performance-Based Award payable to any one Covered Employee under the Plan for a Performance
Cycle is up to 50% of the Initial Limit (subject to adjustment as provided in Section 3(b) hereof) or $500,000 in the case
of a Performance-Based Award that is a Cash-Based Award. 

SECTION 13.  
       DIVIDEND EQUIVALENT RIGHTS    

(a)          Dividend
Equivalent Rights .  A Dividend Equivalent Right may be granted hereunder to any grantee as a component of an award of
Restricted Stock Units, Restricted Stock Award or Performance Share Award or as a freestanding award.  The terms and conditions
of Dividend Equivalent Rights shall be specified in the Award Certificate.  Dividend equivalents credited to the holder of
a Dividend Equivalent Right may be paid currently or may be deemed to be reinvested in additional shares of Stock, which may thereafter
accrue additional equivalents.  Any such reinvestment shall be at Fair Market Value on the date of reinvestment or such other
price as may then apply under a dividend reinvestment plan sponsored by the Company, if any.  Dividend Equivalent Rights may
be settled in cash or shares of Stock or a combination thereof, in a single installment or installments.  A Dividend Equivalent
Right granted as a component of an award of Restricted Stock Units, Restricted Stock Award or Performance Share Award may provide
that such Dividend Equivalent Right shall be settled upon settlement or payment of, or lapse of restrictions on, such other Award,
and that such Dividend Equivalent Right shall expire or be forfeited or annulled under the same conditions as such other Award. 
A Dividend Equivalent Right granted as a component of a Restricted Stock Units, Restricted Stock Award or Performance Share Award
may also contain terms and conditions different from such other Award. 

(b)         Interest
Equivalents .  Any Award under this Plan that is settled in whole or in part in cash on a deferred basis may provide in
the grant for interest equivalents to be credited with respect to such cash payment.  Interest equivalents may be compounded
and shall be paid upon such terms and conditions as may be specified by the grant. 

(c)          Termination . 
Except as may otherwise be provided by the Administrator either in the Award Certificate or, subject to Section 18 below,
in writing after the Award is issued, a grantee s rights in all Dividend Equivalent Rights or interest equivalents granted
as a component of an award of Restricted Stock Units, Restricted Stock Award or Performance Share Award that has not vested shall
automatically terminate upon the grantee s termination of employment (or cessation of service relationship) with the Company
and its Subsidiaries for any reason. 

SECTION 14.  
       TRANSFERABILITY OF AWARDS    

(a)          Transferability . 
Except as provided in Section 14(b) below, during a grantee s lifetime, his or her Awards shall be exercisable only
by the grantee, or by the grantee s legal representative or guardian in the event of the grantee s incapacity. 
No Awards shall be sold, assigned, transferred or otherwise encumbered or disposed of by a grantee other than by will or by the
laws of descent and distribution or pursuant to a domestic relations order.  No Awards shall be subject, in whole or in part,
to attachment, execution, or levy of any kind, and any purported transfer in violation hereof shall be null and void. 

(b)         Administrator
Action .  Notwithstanding Section 14(a), the Administrator, in its discretion, may provide either in the Award Certificate
regarding a given Award or by subsequent written approval that the grantee (who is an employee or director) may transfer his or
her Awards (other than any Incentive Stock Options or Restricted Stock Units) to his or her immediate family members, to trusts
for the benefit of such family members, or to partnerships in which such family members are the only partners, provided that the
transferee agrees in writing with the Company to be bound by all of the terms and conditions of this Plan and the applicable Award. 
In no event may an Award be transferred by a grantee for value. 

(c)          Family
Member .  For purposes of Section 14(b),  family member  shall mean a grantee s child, stepchild,
grandchild, parent, stepparent, grandparent, spouse, former spouse, sibling, niece, nephew, mother-in-law, father-in-law, son-in-law,
daughter-in-law, brother-in-law, or sister-in-law, including adoptive relationships, any person sharing the grantee s household
(other than a tenant of the grantee), a trust in which these persons (or the grantee) have more than 50 percent of the beneficial
interest, a foundation in which these persons (or the grantee) control the management of assets, and any other entity in which
these persons (or the grantee) own more than 50 percent of the voting interests. 

(d)         Designation
of Beneficiary .  Each grantee to whom an Award has been made under the Plan may designate a beneficiary or beneficiaries
to exercise any Award or receive any payment under any Award payable on or after the grantee s death.  Any such designation
shall be on a form provided for that purpose by the Administrator and shall not be effective until received by the Administrator. 
If no beneficiary has been designated by a deceased grantee, or if the designated beneficiaries have predeceased the grantee, the
beneficiary shall be the grantee s estate. 

SECTION 15.  
       TAX WITHHOLDING    

(a)          Payment
by Grantee .  Each grantee shall, no later than the date as of which the value of an Award or of any Stock or other amounts
received thereunder first becomes includable in the gross income of the grantee for Federal income tax purposes, pay to the Company,
or make arrangements satisfactory to the Administrator regarding payment of, any Federal, state, or local taxes of any kind required
by law to be withheld by the Company with respect to such income.  The Company and its Subsidiaries shall, to the extent permitted
by law, have the right to deduct any such taxes from any payment of any kind otherwise due to the grantee.  The Company s
obligation to deliver evidence of book entry (or stock certificates) to any grantee is subject to and conditioned on tax withholding
obligations being satisfied by the grantee. 

(b)         Payment
in Stock .  Subject to approval by the Administrator, a grantee may elect to have the Company s minimum required
tax withholding obligation satisfied, in whole or in part, by authorizing the Company to withhold from shares of Stock to be issued
pursuant to any Award a number of shares with an aggregate Fair Market Value (as of the date the withholding is effected) that
would satisfy the withholding amount due. 

To the extent that
any Award is determined to constitute  nonqualified deferred compensation  within the meaning of Section 409A (a  409A
Award ), the Award shall be subject to such additional rules and requirements as specified by the Administrator from time
to time in order to comply with Section 409A.  In this regard, if any amount under a 409A Award is payable upon a  separation
from service  (within the meaning of Section 409A) to a grantee who is then considered a  specified employee 
(within the meaning of Section 409A), then no such payment shall be made prior to the date that is the earlier of (i) six months
and one day after the grantee s separation from service, or (ii) the grantee s death, but only to the extent such delay
is necessary to prevent such payment from being subject to interest, penalties and/or additional tax imposed pursuant to Section
409A.  Further, the settlement of any such Award may not be accelerated except to the extent permitted by Section 409A. 

SECTION 17.  
       TRANSFER, LEAVE OF ABSENCE, ETC.    

For purposes of
the Plan, the following events shall not be deemed a termination of employment: 

(a)         a
transfer to the employment of the Company from a Subsidiary or from the Company to a Subsidiary, or from one Subsidiary to another;
or 

(b)        an
approved leave of absence for military service or sickness, or for any other purpose approved by the Company, if the employee s
right to re-employment is guaranteed either by a statute or by contract or under the policy pursuant to which the leave of absence
was granted or if the Administrator otherwise so provides in writing. 

SECTION 18.  
       AMENDMENTS AND TERMINATION    

The Board may,
at any time, amend or discontinue the Plan and the Administrator may, at any time, amend or cancel any outstanding Award for the
purpose of satisfying changes in law or for any other lawful purpose, but no such action shall adversely affect rights under any
outstanding Award without the holder s consent.  The Administrator is specifically authorized to exercise its discretion
to reduce the exercise price of outstanding Stock Options or Stock Appreciation Rights or effect the repricing through cancellation
and re-grants.  To the extent required under the rules of any securities exchange or market system on which the Stock is listed,
to the extent determined by the Administrator to be required by the Code to ensure that Incentive Stock Options granted under the
Plan are qualified under Section 422 of the Code, or to ensure that compensation earned under Awards qualifies as performance-based
compensation under Section 162(m) of the Code, Plan amendments shall be subject to approval by the Company stockholders entitled
to vote at a meeting of stockholders.  Nothing in this Section 18 shall limit the Administrator s authority to
take any action permitted pursuant to Section 3(b) or 3(c). 

SECTION 19.  
       STATUS OF PLAN    

With respect to
the portion of any Award that has not been exercised and any payments in cash, Stock or other consideration not received by a grantee,
a grantee shall have no rights greater than those of a general creditor of the Company unless the Administrator shall otherwise
expressly determine in connection with any Award or Awards.  In its sole discretion, the Administrator may authorize the creation
of trusts or other arrangements to meet the Company s obligations to deliver Stock or make payments with respect to Awards
hereunder, provided that the existence of such trusts or other arrangements is consistent with the foregoing sentence. 

SECTION 20.  
       GENERAL PROVISIONS    

(a)          No
Distribution .  The Administrator may require each person acquiring Stock pursuant to an Award to represent to and agree
with the Company in writing that such person is acquiring the shares without a view to distribution thereof. 

(b)         Delivery
of Stock Certificates .  Stock certificates to grantees under this Plan shall be deemed delivered for all purposes when
the Company or a stock transfer agent of the Company shall have mailed such certificates in the United States mail, addressed to
the grantee, at the grantee s last known address on file with the Company.  Uncertificated Stock shall be deemed delivered
for all purposes when the Company or a Stock transfer agent of the Company shall have given to the grantee by electronic mail (with
proof of receipt) or by United States mail, addressed to the grantee, at the grantee s last known address on file with the
Company, notice of issuance and recorded the issuance in its records (which may include electronic  book entry  records). 
Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Company shall not be required to issue or deliver any certificates evidencing
shares of Stock pursuant to the exercise of any Award, unless and until the Administrator has determined, with advice of counsel
(to the extent the Administrator deems such advice necessary or advisable), that the issuance and delivery of such certificates
is in compliance with all applicable laws, regulations of governmental authorities and, if applicable, the requirements of any
exchange on which the shares of Stock are listed, quoted or traded.  All Stock certificates delivered pursuant to the Plan
shall be subject to any stop-transfer orders and other restrictions as the Administrator deems necessary or advisable to comply
with federal, state or foreign jurisdiction, securities or other laws, rules and quotation system on which the Stock is listed,
quoted or traded.  The Administrator may place legends on any Stock certificate to reference restrictions applicable to the
Stock.  In addition to the terms and conditions provided herein, the Administrator may require that an individual make such
reasonable covenants, agreements, and representations as the Administrator, in its discretion, deems necessary or advisable in
order to comply with any such laws, regulations, or requirements.  The Administrator shall have the right to require any individual
to comply with any timing or other restrictions with respect to the settlement or exercise of any Award, including a window-period
limitation, as may be imposed in the discretion of the Administrator. 

(c)          Stockholder
Rights .  Until Stock is deemed delivered in accordance with Section 20(b), no right to vote or receive dividends or any
other rights of a stockholder will exist with respect to shares of Stock to be issued in connection with an Award, notwithstanding
the exercise of a Stock Option or any other action by the grantee with respect to an Award. 

(d)         Other
Compensation Arrangements; No Employment Rights .  Nothing contained in this Plan shall prevent the Board from adopting
other or additional compensation arrangements, including trusts, and such arrangements may be either generally applicable or applicable
only in specific cases.  The adoption of this Plan and the grant of Awards do not confer upon any employee any right to continued
employment with the Company or any Subsidiary. 

(e)          Trading
Policy Restrictions .  Option exercises and other Awards under the Plan shall be subject to the Company s insider
trading policies and procedures, as in effect from time to time. 

(f)           Forfeiture
of Awards under Sarbanes-Oxley Act .  If the Company is required to prepare an accounting restatement due to the material
noncompliance of the Company, as a result of misconduct, with any financial reporting requirement under the securities laws, then
any grantee who is one of the individuals subject to automatic forfeiture under Section 304 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 shall
reimburse the Company for the amount of any Award received by such individual under the Plan during the 12-month period following
the first public issuance or filing with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission, as the case may be, of the financial
document embodying such financial reporting requirement. 

SECTION 21.  
       EFFECTIVE DATE OF PLAN    

This Plan shall
become effective upon stockholder approval in accordance with applicable state law, the Company s bylaws and articles of
incorporation, and applicable stock exchange rules or pursuant to written consent.  No grants of Stock Options and other Awards
may be made hereunder after the tenth anniversary of the Effective Date and no grants of Incentive Stock Options may be made hereunder
after the tenth anniversary of the date the Plan is approved by the Board. 

SECTION 22.  
       GOVERNING LAW    

This Plan and all
Awards and actions taken thereunder shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of Delaware,
applied without regard to conflict of law principles. 

</EX-10.3>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 v450738_ex31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 31.1  

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(a) 
OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS AMENDED 
AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  

I, Steven C. Quay, certify that: 

1.     I
have reviewed this Report of Atossa Genetics Inc.; 

2.     Based
on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
the period covered by this report; 

3.     Based
on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented
in this report; 

4.     The
registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a)   designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within
those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b)   designed
such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c)   evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the
effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

(d)   disclosed
in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most
recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or
is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and 

5.     The
registrant's other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the
equivalent function): 

(a)   all
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and 

(b)   any
fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal
control over financial reporting. 

Date: November 14, 2016   

/s/ Steven C. Quay   

Steven C. Quay   

Chief Executive Officer and President    

(Principal executive officer)    

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 v450738_ex31-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 31.2  

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(a) 
OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS AMENDED 
AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  

I, Kyle Guse, certify that: 

1.     I
have reviewed this Report of Atossa Genetics Inc.; 

2.     Based
on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
the period covered by this report; 

3.     Based
on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented
in this report; 

4.     The
registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a)   designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within
those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b)   designed
such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c)   evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the
effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

(d)   disclosed
in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most
recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or
is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and 

5.     The
registrant's other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the
equivalent function): 

(a)   all
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and 

(b)   any
fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal
control over financial reporting. 

Date: November 14, 2016   

/s/ Kyle Guse   

Kyle Guse   

Chief Financial Officer, General Counsel and Secretary    

(Principal financial and accounting officer)    

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 v450738_ex32-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 32.1  

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 
18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  

In connection with the
Quarterly Report of Atossa Genetics Inc. (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the period ending September 30, 2016 as
filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Steven C. Quay, Chief Executive
Officer and President of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.  1350, as adopted pursuant to  906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002, that: 

(1)   The
Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2)   The
information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
of the Company. 

Date: November 14, 2016   

/s/ Steven C. Quay   

Steven C. Quay   

Chief Executive Officer and President    

(Principal executive officer)    

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 6
 v450738_ex32-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

Exhibit 32.2  

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO  

  18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,  

  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT
TO  

  SECTION 906
OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  

In connection with the
Quarterly Report of Atossa Genetics Inc. (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the period ending September 30, 2016 as
filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Kyle Guse, Chief Financial Officer,
General Counsel and Secretary of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.  1350, as adopted pursuant to  906 of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1)   The
Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2)   The
information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
of the Company. 

Date: November 14, 2016   

/s/ Kyle Guse   

Kyle Guse   

Chief Financial Officer, General Counsel and Secretary    

(Principal financial and accounting officer)    

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 7
 atos-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 atos-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 9
 atos-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 atos-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 atos-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 atos-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

